--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus dated 19 February 2025 
 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
(a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
ESTENSE CPT COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy) 
 
The € 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") has been established by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare 
dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) ("BPER", or the "Issuer") for the issuance of European covered 
bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite europee) (the "Covered Bonds", which term includes, for the 
avoidance of doubt and as the context requires, Registered Covered Bonds, as defined below) guaranteed 
by Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") pursuant to Title I-bis of law of 30 April 1999, No. 
130, as implemented and supplemented from time to time ("Law 130"), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") 
and the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" 
relating to covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 
285 of 17 December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the "BoI 
Regulations" and, together with the Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR, jointly the "OBG Regulations"). 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding under the Programme will not at any 
time exceed € 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor, and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and 
(save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the 
Covered Bondholders will be collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf in 
accordance with Law 130. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority (the "Competent Authority") under Article 31 of 
the Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor of 
the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Approval by the CSSF relates only 
to the Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) provides that, by 
approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in any economic or financial opportunity of the operations or activities or the quality and 
solvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its approval date and therefore until 19 February 
2026. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Application has been made to list Covered Bonds on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trade the Covered Bonds on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being "listed" (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) have been admitted to the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. In addition, 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer named under the section "Subscription and Sale" below may agree 
to make an application to list a Series or Tranche on any other stock exchange. The Programme also 
permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. The relevant Final Terms (as defined in the 
section "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below) in respect of the issue of any Series will 
specify whether or not such Series will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such 
Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will not have a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such other currency). 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including Euro, 
GBP, CHF, Yen and USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually 
or annually as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in arrear at a fixed or floating rate, increased or 
decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest 
accruing and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche prepared in 
accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if the relevant Covered Bonds are listed, to 
be delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of 
such Tranche. 
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered 
bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the "Registered Covered Bonds"). The terms and conditions 
of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the "Registered CB Conditions") will specify the minimum 
denomination for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in bearer form and 
dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be held in such form on behalf of their 
ultimate owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office 
is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, ("Monte Titoli") for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and 
includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks 
appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). The expression "Relevant Clearing Systems" means any 
of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, with registered office at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855,

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Luxembourg ("Clearstream") and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. with registered office at 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Bruxelles ("Euroclear"). Each Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form will be 
deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the section "Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds" below). The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all times 
be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance 
with article 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented 
(the "Financial Law") and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy, regarding post-trading systems, 
dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title is and 
will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds). 
Before the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in 
whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Tranche or Series is expected, upon the relevant issue, to be assigned a rating as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be ("Moody’s" or 
the "Rating Agency"), which is established in the European Union and registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time (the "EU CRA Regulation") 
as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published on the website of European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to the EU CRA 
Regulation 
(for 
more 
information 
please 
visit 
the 
ESMA 
webpage 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Where a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds will be treated as having been issued or endorsed (i) by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (ii) by a credit rating agency established 
in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018, 
as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation" and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the "CRA 
Regulations") or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European Union but 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulations, will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or in the 
Registered CB Conditions (as applicable). In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation. 
The 
ESMA 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to 
revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated independently of 
any other. 
Amounts payable as interest amounts under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to either 
the EURIBOR or such other benchmark as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), as administrator of EURIBOR, is

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as 
amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). The regulatory status of any administrator under the 
Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and save as required by the applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to provide any updates or prepare any supplement to reflect any changes in the regulatory 
status of any administrator. 
An investment in Covered Bond issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the risk and other factors described under the section headed 
"Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
the section headed "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
 
Arranger and Dealer  
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered 
Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect the 
import of such information.  
The Guarantor has provided the information under the section headed "Description of the Guarantor" and any 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself and, together with the Issuer (the 
"Responsible Persons"), accepts responsibility for the information contained in those sections. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the information and data in relation to which it is responsible as described 
above are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any omission likely to affect the import of such 
information and data. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, pursuant to article 154- 
bis, paragraph 2 of the Financial Law  
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports (dirigente preposto), Marco Bonfatti, 
declares in accordance with article 154-bis, paragraph 2, of the Financial Law, that the accounting data 
contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the underlying documents, accounting books and the other 
accounting entries of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with all 
documents incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed "Documents incorporated by reference", 
below). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus, any supplements, the relevant Final Terms 
and the documents incorporated by reference. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
(and, therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds are the 
persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of 
the Primary Paying Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).  
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
section headed "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below, unless otherwise defined in the 
specific section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For ease of reference, the section 
headed "Glossary" below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each capitalised term 
is defined. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any party to the Transaction Documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its approval date and it and any supplement hereto, as 
well as any Final Terms filed within these 12 months, reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. 
The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, 
made or purported to be made by the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a Dealer 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. 
The Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and 
any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has independently 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the 
Dealers and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any of them as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the Covered Bonds or their distribution. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, nor accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser 
of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of 
any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data, as well as calculations taken from industry 
reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It is hereby 
confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, such information 
has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Responsible Persons are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the 
reports of the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor who have audited the consolidated financial statements 
of the BPER Group and each of the financial statements of the Issuer and the Guarantor for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
For further information please see, respectively, the section headed "Auditors" in the "General Information" of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and 
the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see the 
section headed "Selling Restrictions" below. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and include Covered Bonds 
in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. There are further 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European 
Economic Area, including the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in Japan. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section headed "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase 
of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended 
to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, 
in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "€" or "euro" or "Euro" or "EUR" are to the single currency introduced 
at the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended; references to "U.S.$ " or "U.S. Dollar" are to the currency of the 
United States of America; references to "CHF" are to the currency of Switzerland; references to "Yen" are to 
the currency of Japan; references to "£" or "UK Sterling" are to the currency of the United Kingdom; references 
to "Italy" are to the Republic of Italy; references to "UK" are to the United Kingdom; references to "EEA" are 
to the European Economic Area; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the 
laws and regulations of Italy; and references to "billions" are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded 
them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arranger 
or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors. If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA, 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bond is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered 
Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) the Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) the Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of the Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules.  
Each potential investor in any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Covered Bonds, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to investors’ overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered 
Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered Bonds and 
the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's financial 
position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to 
be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding 
the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the 
future. Important factors that could cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the 
section entitled "Risk Factors". These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus or as at such earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. Subject to any 
continuing disclosure obligation under applicable law (including, without limitation, the obligation to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation), the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
CONTENTS 
 
CLAUSE 
PAGE 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
12 
RISK FACTORS 
63 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
104 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
117 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
118 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER 
119 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
170 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 
172 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
176 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
188 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
194 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
196 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
221 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
232 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
282 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
307 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD VERSCHREIBUNGEN)
 
320 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
322 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
330 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
333 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
334 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
339 
GLOSSARY 
344

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and as such the following section contains 
a general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references 
to a numbered Condition are to the corresponding numbered Condition in the section headed "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below. 
(a) 
Parties 
Issuer 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa), a bank incorporated as a 
joint-stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, fiscal code, VAT number and number of 
registration with the Companies’ Register of Modena, No. 
01153230360, adhering to "Gruppo IVA BPER Banca" –VAT 
number 03830780361, registered with the register of banks 
(albo delle banche) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 
13 of the Banking Act under number 4932, parent company of 
the "Gruppo bancario BPER Banca S.p.A." registered with the 
register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant 
to article 64 of the Banking Act under number 5387.6 (the 
"BPER Banking Group" or the "BPER Group" or the 
"Group"), having its registered office at Via San Carlo, 8/20, 
41121 Modena, Italy (the "Issuer", or "BPER"). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see the section 
headed "Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller" below. 
Guarantor 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l., a company incorporated in 
Italy as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitatà) pursuant to Law 130, whose registered office is in Via 
Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, corporate 
capital equal to Euro 10,000.00 fully paid-in, fiscal code, VAT 
number and number of registration with the Companies 
Register of Treviso - Belluno, under No. 04730160266, 
belonging to the BPER Banking Group and directed and co-
ordinated (soggetta all’attività di direzione e coordinamento) 
by BPER Banca S.p.A. (the "Guarantor"). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see the 
section headed "Description of the Guarantor", below. 
Arranger 
UBS EUROPE SE breviter "UBS", a Societas Euopaea under 
German law with headquarters in Bockenheimer Landstraße 
2-4, 60306 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, listed in the 
commercial register for the Frankfurt district court under the 
number HRB 107046, value-added tax identification number 
(in accordance with Article 22 (1) of the Sixth Council Directive 
77/388/EEC of May 17, 1977 on the harmonization of the laws

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
of the Member States relating to turnover taxes) is DE 114 104 
636, , in its capacities as arranger(the "Arranger").  
Dealer 
UBS Europe SE and any other dealer appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Initial Seller 
BPER will act as seller under the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (in such capacity, the "Initial Seller" and, together 
with the Additional Sellers (as defined below), the "Sellers"). 
For a more detailed description of the Initial Seller, see the 
section headed "Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller", 
below. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an "Additional 
Seller"), that will sell further Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and 
which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer 
agreement 
providing 
for, 
mutatis 
mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the 
BPER 
Master 
Transfer 
Agreement 
(each 
an 
"Additional Master Transfer Agreement" and, 
together with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, 
the "Master Transfer Agreements" and any one of 
them a "Master Transfer Agreement"); and 
(ii) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to 
the Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPER will act as subordinated loan provider (in such capacity, 
the "Subordinated Loan Provider") pursuant to the terms of 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below).  
Any Additional Seller that will sell further Subsequent 
Portfolios (as defined below) to the Guarantor will be required 
to enter into a subordinated loan agreement with the 
Guarantor providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the 
same terms and conditions of the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement 
(each 
such 
agreement, 
an 
"Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreement" and, together with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the "Subordinated 
Loan Agreements"). 
Servicer 
BPER will act as servicer (the "Servicer") in the context of the 
Programme and will be responsible for the management and 
the collection of the Receivables (as defined below) and/or 
Public Entity Securities (as defined below) and/or Liquid 
Assets (as defined below), as applicable, respectively sold 
from time to time to the Guarantor, pursuant to the terms of 
the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, is entitled to delegate to the 
relevant Additional Seller the management, administration, 
collection and recovery activities in respect of those 
Receivables (as defined below), Public Entity Securities (as 
defined below) and/or Liquid Assets (as defined below) sold 
by such relevant Additional Seller. 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, will remain directly 
responsible for the performance of all duties and obligations 
delegated to any relevant Additional Seller and will be liable 
for their respective conduct. For a more detailed description of 
the Servicer, see the section headed "Description of the Issuer 
and Initial Seller" below. 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the "Successor Servicer") which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing activities 
performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing 
entity thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event (as defined below) (for a more detailed 
description, see the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement" below). 
Corporate Servicer 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a bank incorporated under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at Via V. 
Alfieri 1, 31015, Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the Companies Register of Treviso-Belluno 
number 04040580963, enrolled under number 5580 in the 
register of banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 
13 of the Banking Act ("Banca Finint") will act as corporate 
servicer (the "Corporate Servicer"). 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors has 
been appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate 
granted by the Issuer, and which will act as an independent 
monitor pursuant to an Asset Monitor Agreement in order to 
perform tests and procedures, including those in accordance 
with the applicable legal regulations. The current Asset 
Monitor is PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company 
incorporated in Italy as a joint stock company (società per 
azioni) whose registered office is in Milan registered with the 
companies’ register of Milan under number 12979880155 and 
enrolled under number 119644 with the register of statutory 
auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the 
Minister of Economy and Finance, having its registered office 
at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy (the "Asset 
Monitor"). 
Account Bank 
BPER will act as account bank pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the "Account Bank"), 
for the purpose of maintaining and operating the Accounts for 
so long as it qualifies as an Eligible Institution.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Back-up Account Bank 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV - Milan Branch, a bank 
incorporated under the laws of Belgium, having its registered 
office at Multi Tower, Boulevard Anspachlaan 1, B-1000, 
Brussels, Belgium, acting through its Milan Branch at Via Mike 
Bongiorno, 13, 20124 Milan, Italy, registered with the 
Companies’ Register (Registro delle Imprese) of Milan-
Monza-Brianza-Lodi, tax code and VAT No. 09827740961, 
enrolled as a "filiale di banca estera" under number 8070 and 
with ABI code 3351.4 with the register of banks held by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 13 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act will act a back-up account bank pursuant to the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the "Back-up 
Account Bank"). 
Cash Manager 
BPER will act as cash manager under the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement for the purpose of performing certain 
calculation and payment services on behalf of the Guarantor 
and maintaining and operating the Investment Account and 
the Securities Account subject to the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the "Cash Manager"). 
Investment Agent 
BPER will act as Investment Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the "Investment 
Agent") for the purpose of investing the amounts from time to 
time standing to the credit of the Investment Account. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER 
will act as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"). The 
Calculation Agent will perform certain calculations and 
conduct 
certain 
tests 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
Banca Finint will act as Guarantor calculation agent (the 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent"). The Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will perform certain calculations and reporting services 
in relation to the Cover Pool. 
Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap 
counterparty (each a "Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty") 
to the Guarantor under any swap agreements executed with 
the Guarantor in order to hedge basis and interest rate risk on 
the Cover Pool or a portion thereof (each, a "Mortgage Pool 
Swap"). 
Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as covered bond 
swap counterparty (each, a 
"Covered 
Bond Swap 
Counterparty") to the Guarantor under any covered bond 
swap agreements executed with the Guarantor in order to 
hedge certain interest rate, basis risk, and, if applicable, 
currency risks in respect of amounts received by the 
Guarantor under the Mortgage Pool Swap and amounts to be

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
paid in respect of the Covered Bonds by the Guarantor (each, 
a "Covered Bond Swap"). 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty (the "Swap Counterparties"). 
Swap Agreements 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap (the 
"Swap Agreements"), which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and 
(ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively, is or 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc. ("ISDA"). 
Primary Paying Agent 
BPER will act as primary paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds (the "Primary Paying Agent"). 
Subsequent Paying Agent 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV – Milan Branch will act as 
subsequent paying agent under the Programme pursuant to 
the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the "Subsequent Paying Agent"). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Banque International à Luxembourg SA, whose registered 
office is at 69, route d’Esch Office PLM – 101 F, L-2953 
Luxembourg, will act as Luxembourg listing agent under the 
Programme (the "Luxembourg Listing Agent"). 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as 
registrar (the "Registrar") in respect of the German law 
governed covered bonds in registered form (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) (the "Registered Covered Bonds") issued 
under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to 
the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Registered Paying Agent 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent 
in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, if any (the "Registered Paying Agent").  
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as representative of the holders of the 
covered bonds pursuant to the Programme Agreement and 
the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders (the 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders"). 
Ownership or control 
relationships between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this section, other than the 
relationship existing between the Issuer (also as Initial Seller, 
Servicer, Subordinated Loan Provider, Primary Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Investment Agent), the Additional 
Seller(s) (if any) and the Guarantor, all of which belong to the 
BPER Banking Group. The entities belonging to the BPER

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Banking Group are subject to the direction and co-ordination 
(direzione e coordinamento) of the Issuer. 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may 
be ("Moody’s"), or its successors, to the extent that at the 
relevant time it provides ratings in respect of the then 
outstanding Covered Bonds (the "Rating Agency"). 
 
(b) 
The Covered Bonds and the Programme 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite Europee) will be 
issued by the Issuer and will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Size 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds 
(Obbligazioni 
Bancarie 
Garantite 
Europee) 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro 
at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, 
and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included in the Final 
Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time (the "Programme Limit"). The 
Programme Limit may be increased in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with 
the relevant selling restrictions. 
Methods of issue 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms 
set out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in 
respect of such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will 
not be fungible among themselves. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") which will be identical 
in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates and issue prices. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds may be issued only in Series 
consisting of a single Tranche.  
 
The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject 
to certain conditions (see the paragraph headed "Conditions 
precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds" below). 
Selling restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, France, 
Germany, the Republic of Italy and Japan. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section 
headed "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies 
as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (each a "Specified Currency"), subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Denomination of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject to the 
minimum denomination requirements specified below, the 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will 
be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal or regulatory or central bank requirements (see 
Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title)). 
 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other 
than Registered Covered Bonds) will be Euro 100,000 and 
integral multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof (or, if the 
Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other 
higher denomination as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche may be issued at 
their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in 
each case, the "Issue Price" for such Series or Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Programme 
Agreement (in each case, the "Issue Date" in relation to such 
Series or Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, subject in each case, to the extent provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention (as defined in the 
Conditions) (each such date, a "CB Payment Date"). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date 
(or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date) (each a "CB Interest Period"). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the interest 
commencement date in the relevant Final Terms (each an 
"Interest Commencement Date").

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or 
in registered form as Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Series or Tranche 
will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date 
in accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through 
the authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of the 
Financial Law. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in 
dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form 
and title to such Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of 
the Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation, regarding post-
trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in 
the form of Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued 
with a minimum denomination indicated in the applicable 
Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, together with the 
execution of the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of 
organisation agreement (the "Registered CB Rules 
Agreement") in relation to a specific issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen), together with the related Registered CB 
Conditions attached thereto, the relevant Registered CB 
Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to 
govern such Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will 
constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Series 
of Registered Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references 
in the Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, 
stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules 
Agreement relating thereto or any other document expressed 
to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, 
each other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus 
shall be construed and read as a reference to such Registered 
CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
or any other document expressed to govern such issue of 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective 
until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly 
executed Assignment Agreement and Registered CB Rules 
Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB 
Conditions or multiples thereof. 
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include 
reference to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered 
Bond (the "Registered Covered Bondholders") as the 
context may require. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to 
Covered Bonds shall include reference to the Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the 
section headed "Key features of Registered Covered Bonds 
Namensschuld verschreibungen" below. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, depending on the interest basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered 
Bonds scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date 
and 
Instalment 
Covered 
Bonds, 
depending 
on 
the 
redemption/payment basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each Series shall comprise Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds only as may be so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate, which will be payable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) and on redemption, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds); 
or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or 
 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
in each case, as provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series 
of Floating Rate Covered Bonds and as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
CB Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (and indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms), will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Under Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, no interest will be payable. Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are scheduled 
to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof and without 
any provision for scheduled redemption other than on the 
Maturity Date and in relation to which an Extended Maturity 
Date shall apply. 
 
Instalment Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer 
will pay, on each CB Payment Date, a portion of principal until 
maturity, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in 
accordance with the generally applicable terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds, other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions"), prior to the issue of each 
Series or Tranche detailing certain relevant terms thereof 
which, for the purposes of that Series or Tranche only, 
completes the Conditions and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus (such specific final terms, the "Final 
Terms"). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Series or Tranche are the Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Registered Covered Bond shall be set out in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern 
such particular Registered Covered Bonds. 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and 
interest will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest may accrue on the Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or 
a floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate as may 
be so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Redemption of the Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.  
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of Covered Bonds that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates 
on which, and the amounts in which, such Covered Bonds 
may be redeemed. 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Covered 
Bonds will state whether such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders of the 
Covered Bonds and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
 
Except as provided above, Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons (as set out in the paragraph headed "Tax 
gross-up and redemption for taxation reasons" below).  
Tax Gross-up and redemption 
for taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted in accordance with the 
provision of Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy. In 
such circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, the Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in 
whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer. See 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default 
(as defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series (the "Maturity Date") will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless 
previously redeemed as provided in Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase), the Covered Bonds of each Series will be 
redeemed at their Outstanding Principal Balance on the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
Extended Maturity Date and 
Pass Through Series 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will also provide that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts (as 
defined below) equal to the Final Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred pursuant to the 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms for the period set out 
therein (the "Extended Maturity Date"). Such deferral will 
automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, 
if: 
 
(A) 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds 
(each such Series, a "Pass Through 
Series"): 
 
(a) 
a Notice to Pay has been delivered, the 
Issuer having failed to pay in full any amount 
representing 
the 
Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding to the amount due (subject to 
the applicable grace period) in respect of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final 
Redemption Amount") on the Maturity Date 
of such Series of Covered Bons; and 
 
(b) 
the Guarantor determines on the Extension 
Determination Date that it has insufficient 
funds to pay the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds; and 
 
(A) 
in respect to all Series of Covered Bonds, 
which all become Pass Through Series if at 
any time a Notice to Pay has been delivered 
(and, in case of a Notice to Pay delivered as 
result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice)

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
and a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice is 
served. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date in 
respect of the relevant Pass Through Series may be paid in 
full or in part, in accordance with the Notice to Pay, by the 
Guarantor on any relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
starting from the Extension Determination Date, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date for such Pass 
Through Series. 
 
The Guarantor will be obliged to (A) apply on each Guarantor 
payment Date any Available Funds towards redemption in full 
or in part of all Pass Through Series in accordance with the 
Priority of Payments; and (B) use its best effort to sell, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, Selected Assets, on a semi-
annual basis. 
 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are 
extended as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 
Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service 
of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume 
responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any 
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an extension of 
maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount 
shall be due for payment on the last Business Day of the 
month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been 
served. 
 
"Extension Determination Date" means the date falling 
seven Business Days after the expiry of the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities 
of each Series, and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having 
the same maturity of each Series of the Covered Bonds, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative pledge 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Cross-default 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including, without limitation, in 
relation to other debt securities of the Issuer) nor an 
acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an 
Issuer Event of Default. 
Recourse 
In accordance with Law 130 and with the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below), 
the holders of the Covered Bonds (the 
"Covered 
Bondholders") will benefit from full recourse on the Issuer 
and limited recourse on the Guarantor limited to the Available 
Funds. For a more detailed description, see the section 
headed "Credit Structure", below. 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by and are deemed to have notice of all provisions of 
the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, 
each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered 
Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by 
the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as if such 
Covered Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
Conditions precedent to the 
issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on 
any date and without the consent of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds issued beforehand and of any other creditors 
of the Guarantor or of the Issuer, to issue further Series or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds, subject to certain conditions 
precedent set out in the Programme Agreement, including, 
inter alia: 
 
(i) 
satisfaction of the Tests (as defined below) and the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount both before and 
immediately after such further issue of Covered 
Bonds; and 
 
(ii) 
no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default having occurred (collectively, together with 
the other conditions set out in the Programme 
Agreement, the "Conditions to the Issue").  
 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the 
assets included in the Cover Pool (as defined below) (see also 
the paragraph headed "Status of the Covered Bonds", above). 
Approval, listing and admission 
to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a 
base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
references to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in 
relation to the Series or Tranche. Covered Bonds which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to 
trading will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted 
to trading on any market. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli/Euroclear/Clearstream and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a 
clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered 
Bonds) and the related Transaction Documents will be 
governed by Italian law except for the Swap Agreements and 
the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, which will 
be governed by English law. 
 
The 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) will be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany save that, in any case, certain provisions 
(including those relating to status, limited recourse of the 
Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by Moody’s as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or 
endorsed (i) by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (ii) by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the European 
Union but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation, will

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or in the Registered 
CB Conditions (as applicable). 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
European Union which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of 
credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation, which may be found on the 
following 
page: 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
Rating Agency at any time. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Security 
for 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, the Covered Bondholders will 
benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds. 
The Cover Pool 
The assets comprised in the Cover Pool may consist of:  
 
(A) 
monetary receivables arising from Italian 
residential and commercial mortgage loans 
(respectively mutui ipotecari residenziali and 
mutui 
ipotecari 
commerciali) 
having 
the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, 
lett. (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree with respect 
to loans assigned prior to the Implementation 
Date (as defined below) or, with respect to

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
loans assigned on or after the Implementation 
Date, set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letter 
(d) and (f), of the CRR and article 7-novies of 
Law 130 (the "Mortgage Loans" or the 
"Eligible Assets" and the first portfolio of 
monetary claims arising from the Mortgage 
Loans transferred by the Initial Seller to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master 
Transfer 
Agreement 
(the 
"Initial 
Receivables"), and the further portfolios of 
monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans, 
transferred or to be transferred to the 
Guarantor by (i) the Initial Seller pursuant to the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement and/or (ii) 
by the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the 
relevant Additional Master Transfer Agreement 
(the "Subsequent Receivables" and, together 
with 
the 
Initial 
Receivables, 
the 
"Receivables");  
 
(B) 
(i) the assets mentioned in Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR which meet 
the requirements set forth under article 129, 
paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies 
of Law 130, and (ii) the Public Entity Securities 
or other exposures mentioned in article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, 
provided that the assets referred to in items (A) 
and (B) above are qualified as eligible assets 
pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and 
article 129 of the CRR (the "Integration 
Assets"); and 
 
(C) 
the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, 
paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, 
provided 
that 
such 
assets 
meet 
the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets under 
article 129 of the CRR and Law 130 ("Liquid 
Assets"). 
The Receivables and/or Integration Assets and or Liquid Assets 
held by the Guarantor from time to time are jointly referred to 
as the "Cover Pool"). 
For the purpose hereof, "Public Entity Securities" means any 
securities which meet the requirements set out under article 
129, paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b) and article 7-novies of Law 
130. 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor but prior to the 
service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice or a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
be obliged to pay the Guaranteed Amounts (as defined below) 
in respect of the Covered Bonds on the relevant Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date (as defined herein). 
 
To ensure timely payment by the Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor as a 
consequence of an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of the Guaranteed Amounts are subject to the conditions that 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a Notice to Pay 
has been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all 
Guaranteed Amounts once a Guarantor Default Notice has 
been delivered to the Guarantor. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional, 
irrevocable and autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma) 
and certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in 
Law 130, shall not apply. Accordingly, the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any 
invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
For a detailed description, see the section headed "Description 
of the Transaction Documents - Covered Bond Guarantee" 
below. 
 
(d) 
Issuer Events of Default, Breach of Amortisation Test, Guarantor Events of Default and 
Priorities of Payments 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute 
"Issuer Events of Default": 
 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of two Business Days 
to pay any principal amount, or for a period of 14 
Business Days in the payment of any interest on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series when due; or 
 
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under 
or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds 
and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) (except 
where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy, in which case no notice will be required) and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(iii) 
if, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice (as 
defined below), the Tests are not cured by the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date; or 
 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) and 
"misure di intervento precoce"); or 
 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice (the "Notice to Pay") on the Issuer and Guarantor 
declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event 
of Default may be temporary). 
 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
 
(a) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the 
Guarantor, 
(B) 
in 
accordance 
with 
Article 
7-
quaterdecies, paragraph 3 of Law 130 and pursuant to 
the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, 
the Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the exercise 
of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and (C) in case of the Issuer Event of Default 
referred to under point (v) (I) the Guarantor, in 
accordance with the Law 130, shall be responsible for 
the payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (II) 
upon the end of the suspension period the Issuer shall 
be responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
 
(b) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee (see the 
section headed "Description of the Transaction - 
Covered Bond Guarantee" below); 
 
(c) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined below) and the 
verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (as 
defined below) shall continue to be applied and the 
Amortisation Test (as defined below) and the Minimum

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
OC Requirement (as defined below) shall be also 
applied; 
 
(d) 
to the extent that the Guarantor does not have sufficient 
funds to pay principal on a Series of Covered Bonds, 
such Series shall become a Pass Through Series in 
accordance with Condition 8(b); 
 
(e) 
the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect 
timely due payments under the Covered Bonds), direct 
the Servicer to sell the Receivables, the Integration 
Assets or Liquid Assets in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
 
(f) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued, 
 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in 
items from (a) to (f) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments will be in force and effect.  
 
"Calculation Date" means the 20th day of January, April, July 
and October or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate 
following Business Day. The first Calculation Date was on 20th 
of January 2015. 
 
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa as defined in the Banking Act; 
(b) 
any bank, company or corporation other than the Issuer, 
that: 
 
(i) 
such bank, company or corporation has become 
subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, 
insolvency, 
insolvency-like 
proceedings, composition with creditors, insolvent 
reorganization, 
turnaround/insolvency 
tools 
(strumenti 
di 
regolazione 
della 
crisi 
e 
dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
liquidazione 
giudiziale, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, piani 
di risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione del 
debito, piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad 
omologazione, composizione negoziata della crisi, 
concordato semplificato and (other than in respect 
of the Issuer) and amministrazione straordinaria, 
each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, 
reorganisation, dissolution and administration) or 
similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, 
company or corporation are subject to a distraint 
(pignoramento) or any procedure having a similar

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
effect (other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any 
portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for 
the purposes of further programme of issuance of 
Covered Bonds), unless, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who 
may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by 
it), such proceedings are being disputed in good 
faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the 
proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of 
or by such bank, company or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
bank, company or corporation and, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(who may rely on the advice of legal advisers 
selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith 
with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(iii) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any 
action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, 
the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or 
is granted by a competent court a moratorium in 
respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee 
of any indebtedness given by it or applies for 
suspension of payments; or 
 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is 
passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution 
in any form of such bank, company or corporation 
or any of the events under Article 2448 of the Italian 
Civil Code occurs with respect to such bank, 
company or corporation (except in any such case a 
winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of 
or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been 
previously 
approved 
in 
writing 
by 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor: 
 
(a) 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall become 
Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and will rank 
pari passu among themselves in accordance with the 
Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments; 
 
(b) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort 
to sell Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool (other than

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Eligible Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the following events shall constitute 
"Guarantor Events of Default": 
 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor, having sufficient Available 
Funds for such purpose in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments, for a period of seven 
days to pay any principal amount, or for a period of 14 
days in the payment of any interest on the Covered 
Bonds of any Series; or 
 
(ii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations 
under the provisions of any Transaction Documents to 
which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation 
for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such 
default is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice 
will be required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 
days 
after 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Guarantor, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure 
is capable of remedy; or 
 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice on the Guarantor (the "Guarantor Default Notice") 
declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
 
Upon the service of the Guarantor Default Notice, all 
outstanding Covered Bonds of each Series will become 
immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued interest, and 
they will rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
Cross-acceleration 
If a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each outstanding 
Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds will 
accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority set 
out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full):

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
(a) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any and all taxes due and 
payable by the Guarantor (to the extent that amounts 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account are 
insufficient to pay such amounts) and to credit the 
amounts necessary to replenish the Expenses Account 
up to the Expense Required Amount; 
 
(b) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective 
amounts 
thereof, 
any 
Guarantor’s 
documented fees, costs and expenses, in order to 
preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in good 
standing and to comply with applicable legislation (the 
"Expenses"), to the extent that amounts standing to the 
credit of the Expenses Account are insufficient to pay 
such Expenses; 
 
(c) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Account Bank, the Back-up Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Calculation Agent, 
the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset 
Monitor, the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the 
Registrar (if any), the Subsequent Paying Agent, the 
Primary Paying Agent, the Investment Agent and the 
Servicer; 
 
(d) 
fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any amount due 
and payable to the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties 
other than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap to the extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with 
the Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap; 
 
(e) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata: 
 
(A) 
to pay, pari passu and pro rata, (i) any amount 
due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
in respect of the Covered Bond Swaps which are 
not currency swaps and (ii) any amount 
representing interest due and payable to the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties on such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps which are currency swaps (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any 
event, the amount of any termination payment 
due and payable to the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparties in relation to the termination 
of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is not 
a currency swap, to the extent of any premium 
received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by 
the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration 
for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is not a currency 
swap); 
 
(B) 
to credit to the Cash Reserve Account an amount 
required to ensure that the Cash Reserve 
Account is funded up to the Required Reserve 
Amount, as calculated on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date; 
 
(f) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount necessary to 
cover the amounts already paid under item (a) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date 
and not yet repaid under this item on any previous 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(g) 
seventh, to pay, pro rata and pari passu in accordance 
with the respective amounts thereof, any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties under the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
other than the payments referred to under items (d) and 
(e)(A); 
 
(h) 
eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination 
Event, to credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to 
the Collection Account until such Servicer Termination 
Event 
is 
either 
remedied 
or 
waived 
by 
the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a 
replacement servicer is appointed; 
 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, 
according to the respective amounts thereof, of (i) all 
amounts due and payable to the relevant Seller in 
respect of Seller’s Claims (if any) under the terms of the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts 
due and payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of 
the Servicing Agreement; 
 
(j) 
tenth, to pay any interest due and payable to the 
Seller(s) pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s), provided that the Tests and the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount are satisfied on the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; and  
 
(k) 
eleventh, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit 
of 
the 
Collection 
Account 
provided 
that, 
upon 
redemption in full or cancellation of all outstanding Pass 
Through Series and Series of Covered Bonds, any 
remaining amounts shall be paid to the Subordinated 
Loan Provider(s) as interest not yet paid under item (j) 
above, 
 
(the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment").  
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that 
such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item 
(i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used 
and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain 
credited onto the Payments Account and shall be considered 
as Available Funds and applied on the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the 28th day of January, April, July 
and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the 
following Business Day or (b) following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Due for Payment Date. 
 
"Expense Required Amount" means Euro 50,000. 
 
"Sellers’ Claims" means, collectively, the monetary claims that 
each relevant Seller may have from time to time against the 
Guarantor under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement 
(other than in respect of the purchase price of the relevant 
Receivables, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets) and the 
relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority set 
out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(a) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (a) 
to (e) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments, to the extent that the Interest Available 
Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make such payments in full; 
 
(b) 
second, to pay the purchase price of Subsequent 
Receivables, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(other than those funded through the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan(s)) in the context of a Revolving 
Assignment or an Integration Assignment, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreements, 
as the case may be; 
 
(c) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: 
 
(A) 
any amount representing principal due and 
payable to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties in respect of Covered Bond 
Swaps which are currency swaps (if any) in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swaps (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger but including, in any event, the 
amount of any termination payment due and 
payable to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties in relation to the termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a 
currency swap, to the extent of any premium 
received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by 
the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration 
for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap); 
and 
 
(B) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due and 
payable 
under 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) in accordance with the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided that in 
any case the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test and the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount are still satisfied 
after such payment; 
 
(d) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with 
the respective amounts thereof any termination payment 
due and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
under the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swaps 
which are currency swaps following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger other than the payments referred to under 
items (c)(A); and 
 
(e) 
fifth, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit of the 
Collection Account, provided that, upon reimbursement 
of all outstanding Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds, any remaining amounts shall be paid 
pari passu to the Subordinated Loan Provider(s) as 
amounts 
due 
under 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) and not yet paid under item (c)(B) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, 
 
(the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments"). 
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that 
such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item 
(i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used 
and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain 
credited onto the Payments Account and shall be considered 
as Available Funds and applied on the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the "Interest Available 
Funds" shall include: 
 
(A) 
any interest component (other than any 
amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount) collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables, the Integration 
Assets and/or the Liquid Assets and credited 
into the Collection Account or Payments 
Account, as the case may be, during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date together with any 
amount retained in the Collection Account from

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
the Interest Available Funds on the preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount 
equal to the interest components invested in 
Eligible Investments (if any) during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, following liquidation 
thereof; 
 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and 
penalties received by the Servicer and credited 
to the Collection Account during the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any 
withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts and on the Eligible Deposits 
during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible 
Investments during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the Mortgage 
Pool Swaps; 
 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such 
Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps; 
 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) 
to find a replacement swap counterparty), if 
any, by the Guarantor from a replacement 
swap counterparty in consideration for entering 
into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on 
the same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps 
or the Covered Bond Swaps (as applicable), 
upon termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement; 
 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Cash 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required 
Reserve Amount; prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, 
any amount standing to the credit of the Cash 
Reserve Account (but excluding item (B)(b) of 
the definition of Required Reserve Amount 
calculated as at the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date), in each case at the end of the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; following the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit 
of the Cash Reserve Account; and on the 
Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full 
and no more Covered Bonds may be issued 
under the Programme, any amount standing to 
the credit of the Cash Reserve Account; 
 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds 
may be issued under the Programme, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account; and 
 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already 
allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) 
received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction 
Documents 
during 
the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, 
 
but excluding: (i) any amount representing principal received in 
respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a 
replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the 
net amounts which would have been due and payable by the 
relevant Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) 
the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount received by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement). 
 
"Collateral" means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable), the amount and/or securities (if any) 
standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral 
posted pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each 
a "Swap Collateral Account") and (ii) following the date on 
which the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable) is terminated, the moneys and/or 
securities (if any) standing to the credit of the relevant Swap 
Collateral Account in an amount equal to the Excess Swap 
Collateral.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means an amount equal to the 
value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) 
provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor 
in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to 
transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support 
annex to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of 
the termination payment (if any) that would have otherwise 
been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the 
Guarantor had the collateral not been provided under the credit 
support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date 
of termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage 
Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under 
the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement.  
 
"Swap Trigger" means the occurrence of an early termination 
of any Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap due to 
either: 
 
(i) 
the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty to take such action as 
is required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy 
such Rating Event; or 
 
(ii) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default 
or an Issuer Event of Default) and as designated as 
such by the Guarantor) in respect of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. 
 
A "Rating Event" will have occurred in respect of a Swap 
Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations 
of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated 
at least as high as the highest rating required under the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
 
"Required Reserve Amount" means, in respect of each 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date:  
 
(A) 
if 
the 
Issuer’s 
short-term, 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed 
debt 
obligations are rated at least "P-1" by Moody’s, 
nil or such other amount as agreed between 
the Issuer and the Guarantor from time to time; 
otherwise 
 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant 
Calculation Date which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of:  
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the 
immediately 
following 
Guarantor 
Payment Date in respect of items (b)

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
and (c) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments;  
 
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net 
amount that would be payable by the 
Guarantor on any relevant Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
in 
the 
immediately 
following 
three 
months or, 
if 
no 
Covered Bond Swap has been entered 
into or if it has been entered into with 
BPER in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds, the interest amount 
due under that Series of Covered 
Bonds in the immediately following 
three months; and 
 
(c) 
Euro 400,000. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the "Principal Available 
Funds" shall include, without duplication: 
 
(A) 
all principal amounts (other than any amounts 
necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount) collected by the Servicer in respect of 
the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets and credited to the Collection 
Account or the Payments Account, as the case 
may be, during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together 
with any amount retained in the Collection 
Account from the Principal Available Funds on 
the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if 
any); 
 
(B) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal 
collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(C) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of 
the Receivables, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(D) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds 
deriving from the sale of the Receivables, 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets under 
(c) above, all amounts of principal deriving 
from the liquidation of Eligible Investments; 
 
(E) 
all amounts representing principal received in 
respect of such Guarantor Payment Date

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
under any Covered Bond Swap which is a 
currency swap, if any; 
 
(F) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item 
(f) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
 
(G) 
any amount (other than the amounts already 
allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available 
Funds) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period;  
 
(H) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of 
the Eligible Deposits at the end of the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(I) 
following a Notice to Pay all principal amounts 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account as at the relevant Calculation Date, 
 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any 
termination 
payment 
and, 
until 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which 
would have been due and payable by the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is 
a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); 
and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a 
Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
 
"Collection Period" means each period commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and 
October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of 
March, June, September and December of each year, and, in 
the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (the 
Initial Valuation Date (excluded) and ending on (and including) 
30 September 2015. 
 
"Initial Transfer Date" means 17 September 2015. 
 
"Initial Valuation Date" means 30 June 2015. 
 
"Valuation Date" means (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 
the Initial Valuation Date and (ii) in respect of the Subsequent 
Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for 
the purchase of Subsequent Portfolios. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor will use the Available Funds, as calculated in respect

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments or 
provisions in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
 
(a) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes, in 
order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it 
in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation; 
 
(b) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Account Bank, the Back-up Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, 
the 
Investment 
Agent, 
the 
Asset 
Monitor, 
the 
Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, 
the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if 
any), the Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
 
(c) 
third, pro rata and pari passu to (a) pay any amount due 
and payable to the Swap Counterparties in respect of the 
Swap Agreements which are not currency swaps (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the relevant 
Swap Counterparties in relation to the termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is not a currency 
swap, and/or Mortgage Pool Swap to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on 
the same terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, 
which is not a currency swap, and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap); (b) pay interest due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of each Pass Through Series and 
Series of Covered Bonds; and (c) credit to the Cash 
Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the 
Cash Reserve Account is funded up to an amount equal 
to item (B)(b) of the definition of Required Reserve 
Amount; 
 
(d) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) any amount 
due and payable, or to become due and payable, to the 
Swap 
Counterparties 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Swap 
Agreements which are currency swaps (if any) (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties following the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is a currency swap, to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Issuer on the 
same terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which 
is a currency swap); and (b) principal due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Pass 
Through Series and Series of Covered Bonds; 
 
(e) 
fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) with an 
amount equal to the difference between (i) the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and (ii) the aggregate of the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account and the nominal value of Liquid Assets which 
have not matured on or prior to such Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(f) 
sixth, after each Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment in full 
of the Covered Bonds has been provided for (up to the 
Required Redemption Amount in respect of each 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds), to pay pro rata 
and pari passu any termination payment due and 
payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties under the 
terms of the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the payments 
referred to under items (c) and (d) above; 
 
(g) 
seventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid 
or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (such that the Required Redemption 
Amount has been accumulated in respect of each 
outstanding Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds), in or 
towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, according 
to the respective amounts thereof, of (i) all amounts due 
and payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ 
Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(h) 
eighth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid 
or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (such that the Required Redemption 
Amount has been accumulated in respect of each 
outstanding Pass Through Series and Series or Tranche

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
of Covered Bonds), any remaining moneys will be 
applied in and towards repayment in full pari passu 
amongst the relevant Seller(s), in accordance with the 
provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s), of 
the amounts outstanding under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s) and/or other Transaction Documents, 
 
(the "Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments"). 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
"Required Redemption Amount" means, (a) in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product 
of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 
365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, and 
(iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass 
Through Series of Covered Bonds, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the "Available Funds" shall 
include (i) the Interest Available Funds, (ii) the Principal 
Available Funds and (iii) the amounts received by the 
Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, 
of Law 130 (the "Excess Proceeds"). 
Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice but prior to the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Available Funds, as 
calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
will be used to make payments in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of 
a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(a) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes; 
 
(b) 
second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the 
Account Bank, the Back-up Account Bank, the 
Investment Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Primary Paying Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer, the 
Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
 
(c) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu, (a) any amount due 
to the Swap Counterparties (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, 
in any event, the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swaps and/or Mortgage Pool Swaps to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on 
the same terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swap) and (b) interest and 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds; 
 
(d) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties under the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
other than the payments referred to under item (c) 
above;  
 
(e) 
fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due and 
payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ 
Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(f) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant Seller(s), 
any remaining moneys towards repayment of amounts 
outstanding under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) 
and/or 
other 
Transaction Documents, 
 
(the "Post- Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments"). 
Post-Guarantor Event of 
Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, will be used 
to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
 
(a) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes; 
 
(b) 
second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the 
Account Bank, the Back-up Account Bank, the 
Investment Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the 
Primary Paying Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer, the 
Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
 
(c) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) any amount due 
to the Swap Counterparties (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, 
in any event, the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swaps and/or Mortgage Pool Swaps to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on 
the same terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swap) and (b) interest and 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
 
(d) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties under the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
other than the payments referred to under item (c) 
above; 
 
(e) 
fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due and 
payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ 
Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(f) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant Seller(s), 
any remaining moneys towards repayment of amounts 
outstanding under the relevant Subordinated Loan

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Agreement(s) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) 
and/or 
other 
Transaction Documents, 
 
(the "Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments" 
and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payment, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments and the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments, are collectively referred to as the "Priorities of 
Payments"). 
 
(e) 
Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool 
Transfer of the Cover Pool 
The Initial Seller and the Guarantor have entered into a master 
transfer agreement pursuant to which the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred to the Guarantor the Initial Receivables and (b) may 
assign and transfer any further portfolio of Eligible Assets 
and/or 
Integration 
Assets 
and/or 
Liquid 
Assets 
(the 
"Subsequent Portfolio") to the Guarantor from time to time 
(the "BPER Master Transfer Agreement"), in the cases and 
subject to the limits on the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios, 
referred to below. 
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Portfolios in order to: 
 
(a) 
collateralise the issue of further Series or Tranches of 
Covered 
Bonds 
by 
the 
Issuer 
(the 
"Issuance 
Assignment"); 
 
(b) 
invest (in whole or in part) principal amounts collected by 
the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Public 
Entities Securities and the Liquid Assets meeting the 
requirements under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, 
letter (a) and/or the Principal Available Funds deriving 
from Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets provided 
that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing (the "Revolving 
Assignment"); or 
 
(c) 
ensure compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and/or the Exposure Limit in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement (the 
"Integration Assignment"). 
 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and subject 
to the conditions provided therein, the Initial Seller shall also be 
allowed to repurchase Initial Receivables and Subsequent 
Portfolios which have been assigned by it to the Guarantor. 
 
The Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios will be 
assigned and transferred to the Guarantor without recourse 
(pro soluto) in accordance with Law 130 and subject to the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
terms and conditions of the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
 
Pursuant to each Additional Master Transfer Agreement, any 
bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an "Additional 
Seller"), may accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent 
Portfolios to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions. Any Additional Seller so acceding to the 
Programme shall, inter alia: 
 
(a) 
enter into with the Guarantor an Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement; and 
 
(b) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Representations 
and 
warranties of the Sellers 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the Initial Seller on the Initial 
Transfer Date, as subsequently amended (the "BPER 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement"), the Initial Seller has 
made certain representations and warranties regarding itself 
and the Portfolios transferred and to be transferred, 
respectively, by it including, inter alia: 
 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability 
of the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(iii) 
the existence of the Receivables, the absence of any 
lien attaching the Receivables, and, subject to the 
applicable provisions of laws and of the relevant 
agreements, the full, unconditional, legal title of the 
Initial Seller to the Receivables assigned by it; and 
 
(iv) 
the validity and enforceability, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, 
against the relevant Debtors of the obligations from 
which the Receivables arises. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
"Debtor" means any person, entity or subject, also different 
from the Borrower, who is liable for the payment of amounts 
due, as principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable, an 
Integration Asset or a Liquid Asset, as applicable. 
 
"Borrowers" means, collectively, the borrowers under the 
Mortgage Loans and "Borrower" means any one of them. 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor will be, inter alia, required to enter into with the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions 
of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such 
agreement, an 
"Additional 
Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement" and, together with the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity 
Agreement, 
the 
"Warranty 
and 
Indemnity 
Agreements"). 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the 
general criteria set out in the section headed "Description of the 
Cover Pool – Credit and Collection policies - The General 
Criteria" below (the "General Criteria"). 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria. 
 
"Specific Criteria" means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans to be included 
in the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Annex 1, Part B to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial 
Receivables and in Annex 2 of the relevant offer for the sale of 
Subsequent Portfolios. 
 
"Criteria" means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria. 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations, 
"Integration Assets" shall include: 
 
(a) 
the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter 
(c) of the CRR which meet the requirements set forth 
under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and 
article 7-novies of Law 130; and 
(b) 
Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned 
in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the 
CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (a) 
above and (b) are qualified as eligible assets pursuant 
to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the 
CRR. 
Liquid Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations, 
"Liquid Assets shall include the assets referred to article 7-
duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, provided 
that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible 
assets under article 129 of the CRR and Law 130. 
Eligible Investments 
The Investment Agent may invest funds standing to the credit 
of the Investment Account in  
 
(A) 
euro-denominated 
senior 
(unsubordinated) 
debt 
securities or other debt instruments provided that (i) 
such investments are immediately repayable on 
demand at par together with accrued and unpaid 
interest, disposable without penalty or loss or have a

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date; (ii) such investments provide 
a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not 
being lower than the initially invested amount); and (iii) 
the debt securities or other debt instruments are issued 
by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an 
unsubordinated 
basis 
by, 
an 
institution 
whose 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are 
rated at least (1) either "Baa3" by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, "P-3" by Moody’s in respect of short-term 
debt, with regard to investments having a maturity of 
less than one month, or such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from 
time to time; (2) either "Baa2" by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, "P-2" by Moody’s in respect of short-term 
debt, with regard to investments having a maturity 
between one and three months, or such other lower 
rating being compliant with the criteria established by 
Moody’s from time to time; 
 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, 
certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances 
issued by any depositary institution or trust company 
(including, without limitation, the Account Bank, 
provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
qualifying as Eligible Institution and subject to 
supervision and examination by governmental banking 
authorities, provided that such investments shall have 
a minimum rating equal to the ones reported on the 
following table: 
Maturity
Rating Moody’s
 
Up to 9 months 
"Baa2" in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating is 
available, "P-2" in 
respect of short-term 
debt" 
 
 
Up to 1 month 
"Baa3" in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating is 
available, "P-3" in 
respect of short-term 
debt 
 
 
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities and/or 
notes issued in the context of securitisations 
transactions (other than securitisation transactions 
were originated by a member of the same consolidated 
group of which the Issuer is also a member or by an

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
entity affiliated to same central body to which the Issuer 
is also affiliated) and/or covered bonds, in each case 
pursuant to the OBG Regulations, provided that, in all 
cases, such investments shall from time to time comply 
with Moody’s requirements in respect of type of asset, 
minimum rating and maturity; 
 
(D) 
repurchase 
transactions 
in 
respect 
of 
euro-
denominated debt securities or other debt instruments 
provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such 
repurchase transactions (in the period between the 
execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and 
their respective maturity) effectively passes to the 
Issuer, 
(ii) 
such 
repurchase 
transactions 
are 
immediately repayable on demand, disposable without 
penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later 
than the immediately following Liquidation Date and (iii) 
such repurchase transactions provide a fixed principal 
amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount) provided that either (a) the 
debt securities or other debt instruments underlying the 
repurchase transactions are issued by, or fully and 
unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by, or (b) the counterparty of the Guarantor under the 
repurchase transaction is, an institution whose 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are 
rated at least (1) either "Baa3" by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, "P-3" by Moody’s in respect of short-term 
debt, with regard to investments having a maturity of 
less than one month, or such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from 
time to time; (2) either "Baa2" by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, "P-2" by Moody’s in respect of short-term 
debt, with regard to investments having a maturity 
between one and three months, or such other lower 
rating being compliant with the criteria established by 
Moody’s from time to time; and 
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty 
acting as borrower regulated under the Global Master 
Securities Agreements governed by English law 
provided that (i) the underlying securities comply with 
the requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting 
as lender under the securities lending transaction is a 
credit institution (including, without limitation, the 
Account Bank and the Account Bank, to the extent they 
qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible 
Institution, (iii) such securities lending transactions are 
immediately repayable on demand, disposable without

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later 
than the immediately following Liquidation Date, (iv) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has 
acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed 
to be bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of 
downgrade of the relevant counterparty below the 
minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall 
terminate in advance the securities lending transaction 
within 35 calendar days from the downgrade,  
 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out 
above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, 
of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the 
transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may 
any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at 
any time (ii) nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in 
the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-
backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or 
ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies as 
"credit quality step 1" or "credit quality step 2" pursuant to article 
129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an 
entity in the European Union which has a maturity not 
exceeding 100 (one hundred) days, it qualifies as at least 
"credit quality step 3" pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
 
(the "Eligible Investments").  
Subordinated Loan(s) 
On the Initial Transfer Date, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor 
have entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended (the "BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement"), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted 
to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the "Subordinated 
Loan") with a maximum amount equal to the BPER 
Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of such agreement, 
the Initial Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in 
amounts equal to the relevant price of the Portfolios transferred 
from time to time to the Guarantor by it, including the 
Subsequent Portfolios to be transferred in order to prevent a 
breach of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the 
Exposure Limit. Each advance granted by the Initial Seller 
pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be 
identified in (a) a term loan advanced to fund the purchase price 
of Portfolios to be sold in the framework of an Issuance 
Assignment (the "Issuance Advance"); (b) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Subsequent 
Portfolios in the framework of an Integration Assignment (the 
"Integration Advance"); (c) a term loan advanced for the 
purpose of paying any amount required to be paid as a result 
of an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of Initial 
Receivables and/or Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (the "Price Adjustment 
Advance"); and (d) financing the creation and/or the 
maintenance of a cash reserve composed by Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (also in the form of bank deposit) 
or the purchase of other Liquid Assets in order to meet the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (the "Eligible Deposits or 
Liquid Assets Advance"). 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, will be required to enter into with the Guarantor a 
subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement, an 
"Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement" and, together 
with 
the 
BPER 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement, 
the 
"Subordinated Loan Agreements"). 
 
(See the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement", below). 
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests 
 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the provisions of Law 130, for so long as any Covered Bond 
remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial 
Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on a on-
going basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests 
are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
and 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme 
Termination Date that each of the following Mandatory Tests is 
met: 
 
(i) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
 
(ii) 
the NPV Test; and 
 
(iii) 
the Interest Coverage Test. 
 
For a more detailed description of the Mandatory Tests, see the 
section headed "Credit structure" below. 
 
The Asset Coverage Test 
 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and until the earlier of: 
 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in 
the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the 
Guarantor,

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller 
shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. For a 
more detailed description, see the section "Credit structure" 
below. 
 
The Amortisation Test 
 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and 
any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a 
Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal 
to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Amortisation Test"). 
 
For a more detailed description, see the section headed "Credit 
structure – Tests" below. 
 
Compliance with the Tests and the Amortisation Test will be 
verified by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on 
which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. The calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests and 
the Amortisation Test will be verified from time to time by the 
Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement and the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, 
as the case may be. For a detailed description see the section 
headed "Credit Structure – Tests" below. 
Breach of the Amortisation 
Test 
If, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and, in case of a Notice 
to Pay delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice is served: 
 
(a) 
Pass Through Series: any and all Series of Covered 
Bonds will become immediately Pass Through Series in 
accordance with the Conditions; and 
 
(b) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort 
to sell the Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Curing a Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or Asset 
Coverage Test: 
 
(i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the 
Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Portfolios in 
order to cure the relevant Test; or 
 
(ii) 
BPER shall sell, as soon as possible and by the last 
day of the month during which the Test Performance 
Report assessing that a breach of Test has occurred 
has been delivered, Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, which shall purchase such assets, in 
accordance 
with 
the 
BPER 
Master 
Transfer 
Agreement, and, to this extent, BPER shall grant the 
funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of 
the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (and, if needed, 
it will increase the BPER Commitment Limit), provided 
that none of the events indicated in clause 8.2 (Cause 
specifiche di estinzione dell’Obbligo di Acquisto dal 
Cedente), paragraphs (i) (Inadempimento di obblighi 
da 
parte 
del 
Cedente), 
(ii) 
(Violazione 
delle 
dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) 
(Mutamento Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (v) 
(Crisi) of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement has 
occurred with respect to BPER; or 
 
(iii) 
following the occurrence of one of the events indicated 
in clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione 
dell’Obbligo di Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) 
(Inadempimento di obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) 
(Violazione delle dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del 
Cedente), 
(iii) 
(Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente 
Pregiudizievole) and (v) (Crisi) of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement with respect to BPER, or failing 
BPER to cure the relevant Tests by the last day of the 
month during which the Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of the relevant Test has 
occurred has been delivered, any Additional Seller (if 
any) shall sell, or shall procure that any third party seller 
sells, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as 
possible, Subsequent Portfolios, provided that the 
conditions set out in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement are satisfied; 
 
(iv) 
failing BPER or the Additional Sellers to cure the 
relevant Tests, by the last day of the month during 
which the Test Performance Report assessing that a 
breach of the relevant Test has occurred has been

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
delivered, the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as 
possible, Subsequent Portfolios from any entity 
belonging to the BPER Banking Group willing to act as 
Additional Seller, provided that the conditions set out in 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement are satisfied, 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant 
Tests are met as soon as practicable and in any event by not 
later than the date provided for in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. The obligation of each Additional Seller to transfer 
Subsequent Portfolios pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 
(c) above will be limited to, and does not in any case exceed, 
the relevant percentage calculated in respect of the overall 
Cover Pool – on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which such 
percentage needs to be assessed for the curing of a breach of 
the relevant Tests – of Subsequent Portfolios sold by the 
relevant Additional Seller and notwithstanding the provisions of 
this paragraph, each of the Additional Sellers will have the right 
to sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, Subsequent 
Portfolios in excess of such Additional Seller’s pro rata 
percentage, if necessary to ensure that the relevant Tests are 
met. 
 
If the relevant breach is not remedied within the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, as evidenced by the 
following Test Performance Report, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor stating that the breach of the relevant Tests has not 
been cured (a "Breach of Tests Notice"). 
 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, as a result of the delivery 
of a Test Performance Report assessing a breach of any of the 
Tests: 
 
(I) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be 
issued; and  
 
(II) 
no 
payments 
under 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) will be effected, unless the relevant 
breach is remedied. 
 
If, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice, the breach 
of relevant Tests has not been cured within the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, an Issuer Event of Default 
shall occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be entitled to deliver a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, a breach of the 
Amortisation Test and/or the Minimum OC Requirement on any 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
the other Transaction Documents shall not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior 
to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, the 
Guarantor shall sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with the provisions set out 
in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
 
"BPER Commitment Limit" means the maximum amount of 
the subordinated loan granted by BPER as indicated in the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, save for the further 
increase that may be determined unilaterally by the 
Subordinated Loan Provider through a written notice to the 
Guarantor and the Issuer. 
 
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered, 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report 
is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
and 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 
130 and the BoI Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing 
basis and on each Calculation Date, that the amount of Liquid 
Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or 
higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of 
the Programme over the next 180 days (the "Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount). 
For a more detailed description, see the section "Credit 
structure" below. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so 
long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Calculation 
Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made 
available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – 
that the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the calculation of the Exposure Limit 
is to be calculated pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be. 
For the purpose hereof, "Exposure Limit means the limits 
provided under article 129, paragraph 1-bis, of CRR, provided 
that pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3-bis of CRR, such limits 
shall not apply to "cessioni di ripristino" pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreements for purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
For a more detailed description, see the section "Credit 
structure" below. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so 
long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding 
(i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent will verify the Minimum OC Requirement as 
part of the Nominal Value Test on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which 
the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents and (ii) following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the 
Guarantor of an Guarantor Default Notice), the Calculation 
Agent shall verify (in addition to the Amortisation Test being 
met) that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the Minimum OC Requirement is to 
be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be. 
For the purpose hereof, "Minimum OC Requirement means 
5% minimum level of overcollateralization as per article 129 of 
the CRR and in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
For a more detailed description, see the section "Credit 
structure" below. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed-upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with 
the Issuer in the context of the Programme. The Asset Monitor 
will also perform the other activities provided under the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Sale 
of 
Selected 
Assets 
following the service of a 
Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor shall (only if 
necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered 
Bonds) direct – in the date falling (i) within 30 calendar days 
after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor following a non-payment referred to under Condition 
11 (Events of Default) or (ii) in any other case of a service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor other than for a 
non-payment, six months prior to the Maturity Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (the Sale Date) – the Servicer 
to sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or the Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement or any other Transaction Documents. The proceeds 
from any such sale shall be credited to the Payments Account 
and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
 
If the offered price of such sale is insufficient to (i) redeem the 
relevant Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds in full and (ii) 
make provisions towards accumulation up to an amount equal 
to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Guarantor shall 
direct the Servicer to repeat its attempt to sell the Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) on the immediately following Sale Date until 
the proceeds are sufficient to redeem the relevant Pass 
Through Series of Covered Bonds in full and to make provisions 
towards accumulation up to an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount for the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
Sale 
of 
selected 
assets 
following the service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, direct the Servicer or, in the absence of the 
Servicer, the Cover Pool Manager, to sell Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of 
the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such 
sale shall be credited to the Collection Account and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
 
For further details, see the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
– 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement" below. 
Sale 
of 
selected 
assets 
following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised 
by means of execution of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement), instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all 
reasonable endeavours to procure that all Receivables and/or 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the 
Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly 
as reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably 
obtainable in each case taking into account the market 
conditions at that time, subject to any pre-emption right of the 
Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such 
sale shall be credited to the Payments Account and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
For further details, see the section headed "Description of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
– 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement" below.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Certain risks which are deemed not to be material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Guarantor's control. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. While the various structural 
elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for holders of Covered 
Bonds, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the 
holders of Covered Bonds of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the 
same meaning in this section, unless stated otherwise. Prospective investors should read the entire Base 
Prospectus. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this section on the risk factors before making any investment 
decision, in order to understand the risks related to BPER and the BPER Group and obtain a better 
appreciation of the BPER Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Covered Bonds issued and 
described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the following risk factors could affect the ability 
of the same to satisfy its obligations arising from the Covered Bonds. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer; 
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL POSITION 
Risks related to the New 2024-2027 Business Plan

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
On 9 October 2024, the Board of Directors of BPER approved the 2024-2027 business plan (the “New 2024-
2027 Business Plan”). 
The New 2024-2027 Business Plan contains objectives to be met by 2027 based on assumptions of both a 
general nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact of specific operational and organisational actions 
that BPER intends to take during the period of time covered by the New 2024-2027 Business Plan. 
Such assumptions are subject (among others) to the risks and uncertainties, including those of a geopolitical 
nature relating to the current and future conflicts, that characterise both the evolution of the macroeconomic 
scenario and the evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and that relate to future events and actions 
which the Board of Directors and the management cannot, in whole or in part, influence, in relation to the 
performance of the principal financial and economic figures or other factors affecting such performance. 
Strictly connected to the strategic risk is the commercial risk being the actual and prospective risk associated 
with the Issuer’s failure to achieve its objectives in terms of asset volume and economic results, due to the 
ineffectiveness of the actions taken by the Issuer’s management and Board of Directors and/or as a result of 
adverse market conditions. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its New 2024-2027 
Business Plan or that it may be unable to implement part or all of such its New 2024-2027 Business Plan within 
the timeframe expected, that the assumptions on which the Group based its forecasts and strategy may be 
incorrect or that the strategy may not achieve the results expected. 
Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on BPER or the BPER Group's operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. 
For further information on the New 2024-2027 Business Plan please refer to the paragraph entitled “Strategy” 
under the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the 
deregulation of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation 
and a blurring of the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the 
difference between borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly 
relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, notably in its profitability. 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans 
and in attracting deposits. Competition in originating loans emerges principally from other domestic and foreign 
banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders 
and purchasers of loans. 
The banking industry is moving towards consolidation, creating larger and stronger banks with which the Issuer 
must compete. The BPER Group cannot assure that this increased competition will not adversely affect its 
growth prospects, and consequently, its operations. Furthermore, the Group also faces competition from non-
bank competitors that provide banking services, which activity is not as regulated and subject to the scrutiny 
under existing banking laws and regulations. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased 
price competition and lower transaction volumes.  
If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors’ products and service offerings and retaining and 
strengthening customer relationships it may lose existing and/or potential business, lose its current market 
share or incur losses in some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Interest rate fluctuation risk

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of unexpected changes in market rates on current profits and 
the equity value of the Group. Interest rate risk can materialize itself into (i) income risk; and/or (ii) investment 
risk. Income risk derives from the possibility that an unexpected change in interest rates may reduce net 
interest income, being the difference between interest received and interest paid. Investment risk derives from 
the possibility that adverse changes in the value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments held 
by the Bank, following changes in interest rates, may destabilise the equilibrium of the balance sheet. 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of the BPER Group. The results of the Group’s 
banking operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in 
market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest 
rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities 
in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material effect on the 
BPER Group’s business activity, financial performance and condition, asset value and/or results of operations.  
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and deposit spreads. 
Rising interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group’s cost of funding at a higher rate 
than the yield on its assets, due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that 
are sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and 
liabilities with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the 
BPER Group’s assets at a rate, which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
It should be noted, in particular, that, starting from the beginning of 2022, economic growth slowed globally 
due mainly to the effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which helped fuel strong inflationary pressures, 
particularly on energy and food goods. Against this backdrop, central banks have initiated a return to less 
accommodative monetary policies by accelerating interest rate hikes and for most of the years 2022 and 2023, 
have continued to focus on tackling inflation. The Federal Reserve has been among the most proactive 
institutions, bringing the cost of borrowing from the 0%/0.25% range set out in March 2022 to the highest level 
5.25%/5.50% set out in July 2023. In the same way, the central European institution, in light of the energy 
crisis which has gradually threatened the European economy, initially maintained a more prudent attitude, but 
then starting from July 2022 by introducing a cycle of monetary restriction which brought the rate on borrowing 
(“MRO”) from 0% in July 2022 to 4.5% in September 2023, and contemplated the launch, from March 2023, 
of the balance sheet reduction programme, albeit at a measured and predictable pace.  
Moreover, starting from October 2023, the economic growth has also been impacted by the effects of the 
conflict in the Middle-East. Despite the increased uncertainty from evolving geo-political tensions, risks of 
slowing growth in most key sectors of the global economy have continued to subside. 
In such a context, the European Central Bank, based on the fundamental indicators, wage growth and inflation 
trend, has cut the rates starting from June 2024, while stressing that there is no predetermined path. In 
September 2024, also the Federal Reserve has begun to cut the rates.  
As per the context outlined above, interest rate trends and fluctuations depend on different factors – such as 
monetary and macroeconomic policies, general trends in the national and international economy and the 
political conditions of Europe and Italy – that are beyond the Issuer’s control and that may have an impact on 
the Issuer and the Group’s operations. 
Business concentration risk 
Geographically, the Issuer’s key market is the Italian region of Emilia Romagna and Lombardy, where the 
Issuer has historically operated and where the majority of its branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality 
of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties (as mentioned above), particularly concentrated in the Emilia 
Romagna region or a general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic condition, or arising from 
systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
require an increase in the Issuer’s impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions  which, 
in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks connected to a potential credit rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody’s France SAS ("Moody’s"), (ii) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), (iii) 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian Branch) ("Fitch") and (iv) DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") 
which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation.  
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which BPER is able to obtain funding. Any downgrade of 
the Issuer’s credit rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs, may require 
the Issuer to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts 
and could limit the Issuer’s access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. In addition, 
a downgrade of the Issuer’s rating may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to expand its mortgage loans portfolio 
and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as 
well as in the eyes of its clients.  
There is no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. The future evolution 
of the Issuer’s ratings is deeply connected to, among others, the macroeconomic status quo and the rating of 
the Italian Government debt, the asset quality, profitability, and capital of the Issuer.  
Any of the foregoing may have material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition and 
prospects, as well as on the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds, if any. 
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the macroeconomic conditions, trends in the financial markets 
in general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular, interest rate levels, currency exchange 
rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy 
and the European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. 
Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit quality 
of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs 
and the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios.  Furthermore, during recessionary periods, 
there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group's customers may default 
on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate fluctuations may also have an impact on the demand for 
mortgages and other loan products. More in general, fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings in the Eurozone 
and in the other markets in which the BPER Group operates influence its performance. 
Since the first half of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due mainly to the effects of Russia's invasion of 
Ukraine. 
The Russian invasion has indeed provoked the reaction of other countries, which have launched heavy 
sanctions against Russia. These measures have generated uncertainty about what the effects on world 
economies might be, particularly for Europe, which, by geographic proximity and trade relations, is the macro 
area most vulnerable to the impacts of the crisis. As a result, the United States, Canada, the European Union 
and other countries and multinational organizations have announced and implemented sanctions of various 
types against Russia, such as the designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian 
banks, in "blocked person" lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates 
the transfer of money between banks, a prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial 
services to certain companies or banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on 
transactions with certain Russian counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of 
certain goods and technologies. In response to the foregoing sanctions, Russia replied with countersanctions 
on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include countries of the European Union). Countersanctions

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply volumes or even a suspension of gas and oil deliveries. 
Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take further legal action, which could affect 
European businesses (with their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a Russian perspective). 
Moreover, mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of Russia-
Ukraine conflict have contributed to a rise in global inflation. To counter inflation, central banks raised interest 
rates during 2022 and 2023: in the U.S., the Federal Reserve System terminated its large-scale asset 
purchases, popularly known as "quantitative easing", and announced a plan to reduce its bond holdings. In 
addition, the Federal Reserve System implemented benchmark interest rate increases to counteract 
inflationary pressures; also the European Central Bank implemented interest rate increases and discontinued 
its asset purchases. All of these factors may adversely affect the Issuer. Uncertainty surrounding the pace of 
future interest rate fluctuations by major central banks has already resulted in significant volatility in financial 
markets around the world and such volatility may continue for a prolonged period of time. Any increase in 
inflation rates and/or interest rates or a potential recession or other periods of declining economic conditions, 
could adversely affect Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition and have a negative 
effect on the securities markets generally.  
In addition, recent tensions in the Middle East, including the Israel-Hamas conflict commenced in October 
2023, the escalation to a series of direct confrontations between Israel and Iran in April 2024 and the 
consequent escalation of hostilities between Israel and the Hezbollah militant group in September 2024, have 
caused volatility and instability and there is a risk that these events could potentially escalate into a wider 
regional conflict. Since November 2023, the Al-Houthi militia in Yemen has also launched several attacks on 
commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea, which resulted in significant disruption to global trade routes. 
The current situation is affecting consumer price pressure and could also affect the economic growth of the 
Eurozone. These elements of uncertainty could lead to an alteration of normal market dynamics and, more 
generally, of business operating conditions. 
Therefore, the economic outlook is still conditioned by a high degree of uncertainty that depends, inter alia, on 
the evolution and duration of the above-mentioned conflicts. 
In addition to the above, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade 
policies; (ii) other global geopolitical tensions (including the trade disputes between the United States and 
China and the related protectionist initiatives that have been introduced); (iii) concerns over levels of economic 
growth and consumer confidence generally; (iv) future developments of the European Central Bank's ("ECB") 
monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented 
by other countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) the availability and cost 
of credit; (vi) the stability and solvency of the financial institutions and other companies; (vii) the sustainability 
of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (viii) the 
volatile trend in the price of oil and gas; (ix) the outcome of the elections recently concluded in Europe and in 
the US as at the date of this Base Prospectus; (x) the potential negative impacts on the economy arising from 
climate change and global warming at both a global and regional level. 
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the current 
economic, financial and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer operates, 
therefore, its business is particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country's reliability and solidity of 
its financial condition as well as prospects for its economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU member 
states. This, together with the risk that one or more EU member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as 
to their membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national 
currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A potential collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration 
of the EU's economic and financial situation with a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, 
creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and significant changes to 
financial activities both at market and retail level. The materialization of these risks could have a significant

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
adverse impact on global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets and a material 
and negative impact on BPER Group and/or on BPER Group's clients, with negative implications for BPER 
Group's business, results and financial position. 
Lingering market tensions might negatively affect the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro 
area. Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on 
households disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group's 
business, results and financial position. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be 
able to make a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any further deterioration of the 
Italian economy would have a material adverse effect on the BPER Group's business, in light of the BPER 
Group's significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis 
in the Euro area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further 
acceleration of the European sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the 
recoverability and quality of the sovereign debt securities held by the BPER Group as well as the financial 
resources of the BPER Group's clients holding similar securities. The occurrence of any of the above events 
may cause the BPER Group to suffer losses, increases in funding costs and a diminution in the value of its 
assets, with a potential adverse effect on the BPER Group liquidity, financial position and results of transactions 
including its ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding 
requirements. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out 
deteriorating positions in a timely manner. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may 
adversely affect the BPER Group’s securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as 
its investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other 
affected economies may create difficulties for the BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the 
BPER Group's loan portfolio and potentially increase the BPER Group's non-performing loan levels. 
BPER Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or BPER Group to access 
the debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising compliance 
with prospective regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital 
and/or financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have significant 
effects on the time to sell, including but not limited to high-quality assets. Significant liquidity shortages, and 
the consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change market conditions. In 
addition to this, the consequences of a possible decline of the price of the securities held could make it difficult 
to ensure that the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit 
strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in 
recent years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. As a result, the economic and financial 
position of the BPER Group may be further affected.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ACTIVITY AND INDUSTRY 
Issuer’s business activities 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a 
series of other risks typical to such businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, ICT and security risk, tax and 
reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or 
in the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Issuer is 
exposed to normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, 
fraudulent behaviour of customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, 
their financial position, or their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Although the Issuer 
has implemented a specific process for identifying and managing credit risk, any failure by its customers to 
accurately report their financial and credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements or other 
contractual provisions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, 
currencies and commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk 
are dependent upon its ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by 
fluctuations in market prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how 
effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through 
portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in 
market interest rates. 
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic 
manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities 
incurred by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the 
market. The activity of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the 
institutional and retail markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to 
the ECB's lending policy, including changes to the criteria to identify the asset classes that can be accepted 
by the ECB as collateral for refinancing operations could affect the Group's, business and financial condition. 
For further information please refer to the paragraphs entitled “Credit Risk” and “Financial Risk” under the 
section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGAL AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT OF THE ISSUER  
Evolving regulatory environment  
As a bank, BPER operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to BPER 
are subject to various and constant changes. 
The Issuer's business is subject to a wide range of regulations among which by Italian and European legislation 
relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank 
of Italy, CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European 
Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its 
various forms. The laws and regulations applicable to the BPER Group govern the activities in which banks 
may engage and are designed to ensure financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and 
other entities in banking groups, and to limit their exposure to risk. In addition, BPER must also comply with

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
laws and regulations regarding financial services, such as those governing the marketing distribution and sales 
of financial products and services. 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer's business 
activities, including (inter alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, the prevention of money laundering and data protection, while ensuring transparency and 
proper conduct in relations with customers and compliance with records keeping and reporting obligations. 
Regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and their 
enforcement that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. In addition, the interpretation and the application by 
regulators of the laws and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. A 
breach of any regulations by the Issuer could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities, as a consequence 
the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and be involved in judicial or administrative 
proceedings. The Issuer may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may require 
additional expenditures, investments in systems and people and compliance with which may place additional 
burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory alterations encompassing higher prudential standards, in particular with 
respect to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its Group and 
could limit the Group’s ability to distribute capital and liquidity. As a result, such alterations may have a 
significant impact on the Issuer by, among others, requiring the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its 
assets in highly liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which can negatively affect its interest margin. 
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that 
will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the 
BPER Group. Investors should consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application 
of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by 
authorities in European Union and Italy. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and 
guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking 
groups are mainly provided by implementation of measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and aim at preserving their stability 
and resilience and limiting their risk exposure. 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the European 
Central Bank ("ECB") and the European System of Central Banks. The banking laws to which the Issuer is 
subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with 
financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing 
international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation 
and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Issuer including 
proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, 
which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"). 
Following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a 
final decision of the capital requirement that BPER must comply with a consolidated level. However, there can 
be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the BPER Group from time to 
time may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no assurance as to 
the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds 
requirements on the Issuer or the BPER Group.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called 
"SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Bank and 
the BPER Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be 
provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, establishing a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive, "BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, introduced the so 
called "bail-in", Regulation 2019/876/EU (s.c. "CRR II") of the European Parliament and the Council, which 
amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 
2019/878/EU  (s.c. "CRD V"), which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD IV") must be taken into 
consideration and put in force by BPER Group. The CRR and the CRD IV have been recently amended by EU 
Regulation 2024/1623 (amending CRR, the so-called "CRR III") and EU Directive 2024/1619 (amending CRD 
IV, the so-called "CRD VI"), which entered into force on 9 July 2024. The CRR III shall apply from 1st January 
2025 (with some exceptions), while the CRD VI shall be implemented by the Member States by 10 January 
2026 (with some exceptions). The CRR III, among the others, introduces the so-called "output floor", setting a 
lower limit on the own funds requirements that are produced by banks’ internal models of 72.5 % of the own 
funds requirements that would apply if standardised approaches were used by those banks, in order to limit 
the risk of excessive reductions in capital. 
The BPER Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a wide 
range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of 
business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD 
towards the BPER Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or 
"SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone.  
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. BPER and the BPER 
Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 
establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the European 
Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the "SSM 
Framework Regulation") and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of 
the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package to reform the CMDI. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals to amend the BRRD, the DGSD and the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR). On 19 June 2024, the European Council approved a 
negotiating mandate for the revision of the CMDI. In this context, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 was adopted, 
containing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed at outlining the conditions for the treatment 
of domestic MREL. 
BPER Group's continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital 
and on its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of 
transactions in which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
to comply with new legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time. 
Moreover, such adaptation may lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, 
adaptation or renovation of the characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control 
structures and/or distribution mechanisms or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence 
of these events may have a negative impact on the Group's business, performance and/or financial condition. 
For further details, please see the section headed "Regulatory Section". 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes 
related, for example, to the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the 
financial products and services provided, administrative irregularities, claw back actions and 
labour/employment lawsuits. Accordingly, the Issuer is party to a number of administrative, civil and tax 
proceedings as well as judicial and regulatory investigations relating to its activities as part of the ordinary 
course of business, the outcome of which cannot be predicted. 
Although the management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the 
respective financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings 
might cause such provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE INTERNAL CONTROL OF THE ISSUER 
Operational risk 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings, failures, violations, errors, interruptions, 
damages in internal processes, people or systems, including, but not limited to IT systems on which BPER is 
highly dependent to perform its business activities, and from external unforeseeable events, including, but not 
limited to the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, unauthorised transactions by employees or 
operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology, telecommunication systems, 
IT virus, cyber attacks or malfunction of electronic and/or communication services.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed 
responsibilities, which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an 
annual review of the analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account 
of organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in 
general, all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. For the 
measure of the operational risk, the Group adopted the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). Any failure 
or weakness in these systems, could however adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business 
activities. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph entitled “Operational Risk” under the section entitled 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from 
an adverse perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or 
Supervisory Authorities with which the Group may be related. 
BPER implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage 
and mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and measures 
that need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the following 
components: identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s exposure to 
reputational risk, management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a functional escalation 
process and the determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and periodic reporting.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating 
its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the 
Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. 
If the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies result not to be effective in mitigating the reputational 
risk, and/or if existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures 
are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. Any failure to 
execute the Group’s reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely affect 
the Group’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph entitled “Reputational Risk” under the section entitled 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” below. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by 
other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as 
a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to 
as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing 
houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore 
could adversely affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has established a first covered bond programme 
(the "First Covered Bond Programme"), structured on a soft bullet basis, on a residential mortgage cover 
pool. A third covered bond programme (the "Third Covered Bond Programme"), structured on a hard or soft 
bullet basis, again on a residential and commercial mortgage cover pool, has been inherited as a consequence 
of BPER’s take-over and subsequent merger of Banca Carige S.p.A. (for further details, see the section headed 
"Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller" below). Risks related to such financial structured instruments are 
connected to the capacity of BPER to maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the pools 
assigned as guarantees and the covered bonds issued under both the Second and the Third Covered Bond 
Programme. Should a combination of a sharp decrease of the residential or commercial mortgage loan 
production and an appreciable increase of the prepayment rate occur, such circumstance could affect BPER's 
capacity to ensure a suitable claim substitution according to either the Second and the Third Covered Bond 
Programmes’ provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under either the First Covered Bond Programme or the Third 
Covered Bond Programme could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities. 
5. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE POLITICAL, ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE 
ENVIRONMENT OF THE ISSUER 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, political and geopolitical instability, civil disorder, terrorist attacks, organised crime, urban 
violence and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic and political uncertainties, 
which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates. In 
turn, any of such events could significantly affect the business, financial conditions and results of operations 
of the Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted generating an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Climate change risks 
The Issuer is exposed to risks arising from climate change either directly through its own operations or indirectly 
through its financing and investment activities. Indeed, within this category, climate change can create (i) 
transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through policy, regulatory and 
technological changes; (ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and unpredictability; and (iii) 
derivative risks, which originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
may seek compensation from those they hold responsible. Any of these risks can result in financial losses that 
could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of BPER Group customers and BPER Group, adversely 
impacting BPER Group.  
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely 
affect BPER Group: 
• 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies 
with business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a 
higher risk of reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or 
market shifts. 
• 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and 
commodity prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing 
frequency of severe weather events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening 
fundamental factors such as economic growth, employment and inflation. 
• 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and 
operations both of customers and the Group’s. 
• 
Strategic risk: risk that changes in the competitive context and in the economic conditions of 
the company's business or choices of competitive and strategic positioning on the market do 
not produce the expected results. 
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and 
scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
Factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Guarantor; 
2. 
Risks relating to the underlying. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GUARANTOR 
Guarantor is only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has the obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
upon the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, of a Notice to Pay; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice; 
and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. A Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
can only be served if a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs. A Guarantor Default Notice can only be served 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (i) an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred and (ii) no Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice has been served) under 
the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts on the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of 
a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer 
in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of 
the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In 
consideration of the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) 
shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount 
received, collected or recovered from the Issuer will form part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by the Law 130 and contractual 
arrangements under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents, and there is no 
case-law or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that a court might uphold 
a Covered Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended Maturity Date is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Issuer has failed to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on 
the Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise outstanding, 
where the Guarantor is required under the Covered Bond Guarantee to make a payment of a Guaranteed 
Amount in respect of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bond and has insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay such amount 
on the Extension Determination Date, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed amounts 
shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor 
has sufficient moneys available to pay in part the guaranteed amounts in respect of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), on the relevant Maturity Date and any 
subsequent Scheduled Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the 
unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid guaranteed amount on the basis set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not set out therein, Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these 
circumstances, except where the Guarantor has improperly withheld or refused to apply moneys in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by 
the Guarantor to pay the relevant guaranteed amount on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB Payment 
Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case of an applicable grace period) 
shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay any guaranteed 
amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any 
other amount due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) constitute 
a Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 
8(b), paragraph (x) (Extension of maturity) within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
No gross-up for taxes by the Guarantor 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding for or on account of, or 
deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or 
on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered 
Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered 
Bondholders.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited 
recourse to the Available Funds. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the timing 
thereof, the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and 
the Account Banks. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool, the proceeds of any Eligible Investment 
and the amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks may not be sufficient to meet 
the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have not 
received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still 
have an unsecured claim against the Guarantor for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Guarantor will 
have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Amortisation Test – which applies after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default – has been structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall 
be equal to, or greater than, the nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds taking into account the 
relevant negative cost of carry. In addition, Law 130 and BoI Regulations provides for certain further mandatory 
tests aimed at ensuring, inter alia, that (a) the net present value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall 
be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and 
other revenues generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the 
interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However, there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. For further details, see the section headed 
"Maintenance of the Cover Pool" below. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and any Successor 
Servicer may be) appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor 
compliance with the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the 
Exposure Limit and, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortisation Test and the 
Minimum OC Requirement. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its respective obligations 
under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
may be affected, or, pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the 
Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Cover Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment 
or default by Debtors.  
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to 
terminate the appointment of the relevant Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can 
be no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in administering the Cover Pool would be 
found who would be willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The 
ability of a Successor Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on 
the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint 
a Successor Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if any Debtor fails to make any payments in a timely 
manner. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparties 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor expects to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee primarily from collections in respect of the Cover Pool. To protect the 
Guarantor from (a) the basis risk and (b) the interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may enter into 
any Mortgage Pool Swaps with one or more Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties on the relevant Issue Date. 
In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate risk, basis risk or (to the extent that Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro) currency risks in respect of amounts received under the Mortgage 
Pool Swaps and amounts to be paid in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor has entered into one and 
may in the future enter into additional Covered Bond Swaps with one or more Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will (unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Swap 
Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make payments to 
the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. If the relevant Swap Counterparty fails to provide the Guarantor with all amounts (denominated in 
the relevant currency) owing to the Guarantor (if any) on any payment date under the relevant Swap 
Agreement, or should the relevant swap transactions be otherwise terminated, then the Guarantor will be 
exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates 
of interest. In addition, subject to confirmation by the Rating Agency, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the 
potential risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available 
to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the 
Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or, if one is entered into, that the credit 
rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition, the Swap Agreements may provide that, 
notwithstanding the relevant Swap Counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and failure by 
such Swap Counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor 
may not terminate such Swap Agreement until a replacement swap counterparty has been found. There can 
be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a 
replacement swap counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination 
payment may rank pari passu with (or, under certain circumstances, ahead of) certain amounts due on the 
Covered Bonds and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay 
a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective 
obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
VAT Group 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the "2017 Budget Law") has introduced new rules regarding the 
creation of a single entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential 
Decree no. 633 of 26 October 1972) (the "VAT Group Regime"), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 
1 January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, the entity acting as VAT group representative is responsible for the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
exercise of the rights and obligations arising from the application of the VAT Group Regime provisions. All 
other entities included in the VAT group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT group representative vis-
à-vis the Italian Tax Authority for the sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities of the 
Italian Tax Authority in respect of the VAT provisions.  
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter no. 19 whereby it has specified – with 
respect to asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - SGR) - that funds, as pools of 
segregated assets, would not be held directly responsible for the sums due as taxes, interest and penalties as 
a consequence of the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax Authority, except for the VAT 
payment obligations specifically related to their own assets. With ruling no. 487 of 15 November 2019, the 
Italian Revenue Agency confirmed the same principle also in respect of Italian securitisation vehicles 
incorporated under Law 130. Considering the brief guidelines and the absence of case law, it is still not entirely 
clear to what extent such limitation would apply in practice. 
The Issuer has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) 
with effect from 1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit renewal for each 
subsequent year unless revoked. Pending further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the 
Issuer has undertaken to hold harmless and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, 
losses, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties and other charges which the Guarantor may incur as a result of its 
participation in the VAT group to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, with the exception of those 
costs, expenses, interests, penalties, liabilities and other charges which are directly attributable to the 
Guarantor on its ordinary course of business and without prejudice to the obligations and rights of the Issuer 
as "rappresentante" of the VAT group in accordance with the 2017 Budget Law. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because 
it is expected that the composition of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
(a) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer selling further Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor; 
(b) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer, repurchasing certain Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid 
Assets in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement; and 
(c) 
the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor certain power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of 
the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised within the Cover Pool. 
However, each Receivable arising under the Mortgage Loans will be required to meet the Criteria and to 
comply with the representations and warranties set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement – 
see the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement", below. In addition, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is 
maintained at a certain minimum level and the Calculation Agent will provide on each Calculation Date a report 
that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and updated on a 
quarterly basis pursuant to article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130 and the BoI Regulations. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Arranger, any Dealer, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of the 
Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the General 
Criteria and the Specific Criteria and the relevant representations/warranties given by the Sellers in the relevant

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided for in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement for breach of representation or warranty is for the relevant Seller to indemnify and hold harmless 
the Guarantor in respect of losses arising from such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, 
pursuant to Article 1331 of the Italian Civil Code, to retransfer the Receivables, the Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets in respect of which a breach of the representation or warranty has occurred, in accordance with the 
terms and conditions set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Such obligations are not 
guaranteed by nor will they be the responsibility of any person other than the relevant Seller and neither the 
Guarantor nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have recourse to any other person in the 
event that the relevant Seller, for whatever reason, fails to meet such obligations. However, pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the assets which do not qualify as Eligible Cover Pool are excluded by 
the calculation of the Tests and, in case of breach of the Tests due to such exclusion, the Issuer or, failing the 
Issuer to do so, the relevant Additional Seller shall integrate the Cover Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer agreed to transfer Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase 
Subsequent Portfolios in order to ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. The Initial Receivables 
purchase price has been funded through the proceeds of the first advance under the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the purchase price for the Subsequent Portfolios transferred by the Issuer will be funded 
through (a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority 
of Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds of the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement in case of an Issuance Assignment; (c) the proceeds of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments in case of an Integration Assignment. 
If an Additional Seller accedes to the Programme, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, such Additional Seller will agree to transfer 
Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor will agree to purchase such Subsequent Portfolios. 
The purchase price for the Subsequent Portfolios transferred by such Additional Seller will be funded through 
(i) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, in case of a Revolving Assignment; (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, in case of an Issuance Assignment; and (iii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, in case of an Integration Assignment. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken (and the Additional 
Seller(s), if any, will undertake upon accession to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) to ensure that on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or and on each other day on which the Asset 
Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. If, on any 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and on each other day on which the Tests is to be carried 
out pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool does not comply with the Tests, then the Guarantor 
shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent, use the Available Funds to 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the Available Funds are not 
sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Portfolios, in an amount sufficient to permit to 
satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date, and the purchase price of such Subsequent 
Portfolios will be funded through the proceeds of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the event the 
Issuer fails to cure the relevant Test, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, 
as soon as possible, sufficient Subsequent Portfolios. If the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following 
Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of 
Tests Notice if, on or before the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Tests are subsequently

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
satisfied and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a 
Breach of Tests Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not 
satisfied on or before the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of 
the Tests, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be affected. However, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following 
a service of a Notice to Pay will entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. Following 
the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds 
shall become Pass Through Series and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-
Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. To avoid any doubt the service of a Breach of the 
amortisation Test Notice shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed 
upon procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date, 
as subsequently, amended, supplemented or replaced, concerning the compliance of the Programme with 
Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations and including, inter alia, the calculation performed by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, the Exposure Limit and, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortisation Test 
and the Minimum OC Requirement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. For 
further details, see the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor 
Agreement", below. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor 
the verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its 
obligations under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice) 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to direct the 
Servicer to sell Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s 
creditors, including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee; see the section headed 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement", below. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there 
can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected Assets, 
which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may not be 
sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the 
relevant Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such 
Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity 
Date in respect of such Covered Bonds. At the Extended Maturity Date, unless all the Covered Bonds have 
been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
Guarantor is obliged to direct the Cover Pool Manager to immediately sell the Selected Assets at the best price 
reasonably available, taking into account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the Sellers will have 
the right to exercise their pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
Realisation of assets following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
endeavours to procure that all Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the 
Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable, taking into account 
the market conditions at that time and use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment 
of all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments (see 
the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement" 
below). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the 
Transaction Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds 
may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due in respect of Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of any of the Sellers; 
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised in 
the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
(f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate not mitigated by the Mortgage Pool Swap; 
(g) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure;  
(h) 
timing for the relevant sale of assets;  
(i) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates; and 
(j) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
being unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory 
Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Amortisation Test, the Minimum OC 
Requirement and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered 
Bonds following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and, accordingly, it is 
expected (although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Priority of Payments  
The validity of contractual priority of payments such as those contemplated in this transaction has been 
challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a secured 
creditor (in that case, a swap counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities breach the 
"anti-deprivation" principle under English and U.S insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from agreeing 
to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency. It was argued that, where a secured 
creditor subordinates itself to bondholders in the event of its insolvency, that secured creditor effectively 
deprives its own creditors. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park Investments PTY 
Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
2011 UKSC 38 (the "Perpetual Case") unanimously upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal in dismissing 
this argument and upholding the validity of a flip clause contained in an English-law governed security 
document, stating that, provided that such clause forms part of a commercial transaction entered into in good 
faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one of its main purposes, the deprivation of one of 
the properties of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation principle was not breached by such 
provision.  
In parallel proceedings in New York, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Lehman 
Brothers Special Financing Inc.’s v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings 
Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-1242-JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined the same flip clause and held that 
such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that creditor files 
for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the US Bankruptcy Code. However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy 
Court decision held that in certain circumstances flip clauses are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code 
and therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the US District 
Court for the Southern District of New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 August 2020 by 
the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
There remains the issue whether, in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor located 
in a foreign jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the foreign 
insolvency proceedings, whether under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar common 
law principles. Given the current state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus in 
respect of multi-jurisdictional insolvencies.  
Additionally, as a result of the conflicting statements of the English and New York courts there is uncertainty 
as to whether the English courts will give any effect to any New York court judgment. Similarly, if the Priorities 
of Payments are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales and such litigation 
results in a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payments it is possible that 
termination payments due to that Swap Counterparty would not be subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities 
of Payments and as a result, the Guarantor’s’ ability to repay the Covered Bondholders in full may be adversely 
affected. There is a particular risk of conflicting judgments where a Swap Counterparty is the subject of 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings outside of England and Wales. 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by 
the Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic 
value of the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for 
example, if there is a general decline in property values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or 
guarantee that the value of a real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the 
origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If the residential and commercial property market 
in Italy experiences an overall decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly 
reduced and, ultimately, may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be 
enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Sellers if Selected Assets and 
their related security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, if necessary to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds, sell the Selected Assets and their related security interests included in the Cover Pool, subject 
to a right of pre-emption granted to the relevant Seller pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected Assets and their 
related security interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not provide any warranties or indemnities 
in respect of such Selected Assets and related security interests and there is no assurance that the relevant 
Seller would give or repeat any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected Assets and related

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
security interests originally transferred by it or if it has not consented to the transfer of such warranties or 
representations. Any representations or warranties previously given by the relevant Seller in respect of the 
Mortgage Loans assigned in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if such Seller is 
then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Selected Assets and related security 
interests could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties which in turn could 
adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Claw-back of the sale of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
Assignments executed under Law 130 and the OBG Regulations are subject to claw-back on bankruptcy under 
article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (as defined below) or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency 
Code (as defined below), Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, but only in the event that the declaration 
of bankruptcy of the relevant Seller is made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the 
purchase of the relevant Receivables, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets) or, in cases where paragraph 1 of 
article 67 applies or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, paragraph 1 of Article 166 of the 
Italian Insolvency Code (e.g. if the payments made or the obligations assumed by the bankrupt party exceed, 
by more than one-fourth, the consideration received or promised), within six months of the covered bonds 
transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets). 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment 
by the Guarantor of the purchase price due for the Cover Pool are exempt from the insolvency claw-back 
provisions set out under article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian 
Insolvency Code, Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the Guarantor may not be subject to 
any declaration of ineffectiveness according to article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of 
the of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 164 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
The Additional Sellers  
Any Additional Seller which may accede to the Programme will be Italian credit institutions belonging to the 
BPER Banking Group but separate legal entities from the Issuer. The Additional Sellers (if any) may be subject 
to insolvency proceedings under Italian law. Such event would not constitute an Issuer Event of Default in 
itself. An insolvency of any of the Additional Sellers may affect certain rights and obligations of the Guarantor, 
for example limiting the duty of the Guarantor to purchase assets from the relevant Additional Seller, or the 
ability of such Additional Seller to repurchase assets under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, or to 
remedy breach of the Test on the Cover Pool. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets 
for a variety of reasons. The Mortgage Loans and/or the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets are affected 
by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the 
availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. 
Certain factors may lead to an increase in default by the borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. 
Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default and of bankruptcy 
on the part of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the 
Mortgage Loans and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a 
property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under 
that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, 
the value of that property and property values in general at the time.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Non-Performing Loans will be subject to the effectiveness of 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans which in Italy can 
take a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken 
and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement 
of the Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from 
land registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further 
time is required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant debtor 
raises a defence to or counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the 
time lawyers commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced sale of 
any real estate asset. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance policy issued 
by leading insurance companies approved by the relevant Sellers against damages from fire, destruction and 
explosion (each an "Insurance Policy"). There can be no assurance that all risks that could affect the value 
of the real estate assets are or will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, 
the insured losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate assets which is not 
covered (or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of 
the real estate assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will have been 
originated in accordance with the applicable lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage 
Loans sold to the Guarantor by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any), but originated by a person other 
than the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) (an "Originator"), will have been originated in accordance 
with the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the relevant Sellers’ or 
the relevant Originators’, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider the term of loan, the 
indemnity guarantee policies, the status of applicants and the credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer 
of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will warrant that (a) such 
Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance with such Seller’s lending criteria 
applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans, if originated by an Originator, were originated 
in accordance with the relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. Each of the 
Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject 
to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and of the Servicing Agreement. An Originator may 
additionally revise its lending criteria at any time. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that 
affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may 
affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Non-Performing Loans in the Cover Pool will be given a zero weighting 
for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test. 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is subject 
to a number of legal risks. These include the risks set out below. 
Set-off risks 
Pursuant to article 1248 of the Italian Civil Code and Law 130, in the context of an assignment of monetary 
claims, notwithstanding the notification of the assignment to the debtor, the debtor retains the right to set-off 
any claims owed to him/her by the assigning creditor, provided that they arose prior to the notification date, 
against the amount due by him/her to the relevant owner, from time to time, of the assigned monetary claim. 
The debtors under the Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise rights of set-off in respect of amounts due 
under any Mortgage Loan to the Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Issuer or, if the relevant

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Mortgage Loan was transferred by an Additional Seller, such relevant Additional Seller to the relevant Debtor 
which came into existence (were crediti esistenti) prior to the later of: (a) the publication of the notice of 
assignment in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (b) the registration 
of such notice in the competent Companies’ Register.  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Banking 
Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against 
the relevant Debtors as of the later of (a) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (b) the date of registration 
of the notice of assignment in the local Companies’ Register. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may 
be subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the relevant Seller or, as applicable the relevant 
originator, including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and 
registration at the Companies’ Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool may have increased 
risks of set-off, because the relevant Seller or, as applicable, the relevant originator is required to make 
payments under them to the borrowers. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely 
affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the "Destinazione Italia Decree") introduced, inter alia, 
certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly 
provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising 
vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of 
Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
It should be noted, however, that the Asset Coverage Test seeks to take account of the potential set-off risk 
associated with borrowers holding deposits with the relevant Seller (although there is no assurance that all 
such risks will be accounted for). 
Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Borrowers under the Mortgage Loans are subject 
to Italian law No. 108 of 7 March 1996 (the "Usury Law"), which introduced legislation preventing lenders from 
applying interest rates equal to, or higher than, rates (the "Usury Rates") set every three months on the basis 
of a decree issued by the Italian Treasury (the last such decree having been issued on 19 December 2024). 
In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other benefits and/or 
remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account 
the specific situations of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions); and (b) 
the person who paid or agreed to pay them was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious 
interest, benefits or remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. 
The Italian Government, with law decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the "Usury Law Decree" and, 
together with the Usury Law, the "Usury Regulations"), converted into law by law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, 
has established, inter alia, that interest is to be deemed usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties 
exceeds the Usury Rate applicable at the time the relevant agreement is reached. The Usury Law Decree also 
provides that, as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in the years 1998 and 
1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already entered into on the date 
on which the Usury Law Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted 
with a lower interest rate fixed in accordance with parameters determined by the Usury Law Decree. 
The Italian Constitutional Court has rejected, with decision No. 29/2002 (deposited on 25 February 2002), a 
constitutional exception raised by the Court of Benevento (2 January 2001) concerning article 1, paragraph 1, 
of the Usury Law Decree (now reflected in article 1, paragraph 1 of the above mentioned conversion law No. 
24 of 28 February 2001). In so doing, it has confirmed the constitutional validity of the provisions of the Usury 
Law Decree which hold that interest rates may be deemed to be void due to usury only if they infringe Usury

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Regulations at the time they are agreed between the borrower and the lender and not at the time such rates 
are actually paid by the borrower. 
Overturning the previous case-law on the matter, by decision No. 24675/2017 the United Chambers of the 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) has recently clarified that, for the purposes of Usury Law, the 
remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate only at the time the terms of the 
financing were agreed. As a result, Usury Law would not be considered to be breached in case such a 
remuneration, originally lower than the applicable Usury Rate, exceeded a subsequently applicable Usury Rate 
at any point in time thereafter. 
Furthermore, according to applicable case-law, also default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into 
account when verifying the compliance with the Usury Law. However, recent court precedents clarified that 
the applicable default interest rate and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant financing must 
not be added together for the purposes of such verification. As a result, the default interest rate, on the one 
hand, and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant financing (cumulatively considered), on the 
other hand, must each be separately and independently compared with the applicable Usury Rate. 
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Mortgage Loans, the amount payable to the Covered Bondholders 
may be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. 
Compounding of interest (anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian civil code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or receivable 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement subsequent to such 
accrual or (b) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or 
receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are 
recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the Republic of Italy 
have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be 
characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of recent judgments from Italian 
courts (including judgments from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 
2593/2003, No. 21095/2004, No. 4094/2005, No. 10127/2005, No. 24418/2010, No. 24156/2017 and No. 
15148/2018) have held that such practices are not uso normativo and that the contractual clauses providing 
for the capitalisation of accrued interest on a three-monthly basis, if agreed before April 2000, shall be 
considered null and void. Consequently, if customers of the relevant Seller were to challenge this practice and 
such interpretation of the Italian civil code were to be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy, there 
could be a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
("Law No. 342"), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 
February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the 
date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued 
interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the Comitato Interministeriale per 
il Credito e il Risparmio ("CICR") issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision 
No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under the 
provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior 
to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Article 17-bis of law decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016, as converted into law No. 59 of 8 April 2016, amended 
Article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that interest shall not accrue on capitalised interest. 
Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Act also requires the CICR to establish the methods and criteria for 
the compounding of interest. Decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of 
Article 120 of the Banking Act, has been published in the Official Gazette no. 212 of 10 September 2016. As 
a result of such amendments, it is confirmed that, in the context of banking transactions, the debit interest (with 
the exception of default interest) can never bear further interest.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Furthermore there have been two rulings of Italian Courts that have held that the calculations applicable to the 
instalments under certain mortgage loan agreements that were based upon the amortisation method known 
as "French amortisation" (i.e., mortgage loans with fixed instalments, made up of an amount of principal (that 
progressively increases) and an amount of interest (that decreases as repayments are calculated with a 
specific formula), triggered a violation of the Italian law provisions on the limitations on the compounding of 
interest (divieto di anatocismo). However, it should be pointed out that these were isolated judgements, still 
under appeal, and more recently various court rulings on the same matter have declared that the "French 
amortisation" method does not entail an illegal compounding element. However the Issuer is not able to 
exclude the risk that in the future other judgments may follow the two isolated decisions described above. 
Mortgage Credit Directive  
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements 
for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the "Mortgage Credit Directive") sets out a common 
framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States 
concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to 
residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 
2016 ("Legislative Decree 72"). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking Act, under Title VI, a new 
Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a new Article 120 quinquiesdecies, 
pursuant to which a consumer and an entity authorised to grant loans in a professional manner in the Republic 
of Italy who are parties to a mortgage credit agreement may expressly agree, subject to the provisions of article 
2744 of the Italian civil code, that, in case of non-payment of eighteen monthly instalments by the relevant 
debtor, the property of the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be 
transferred to the creditor in discharge of all the outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor 
(even if the value of such property or the amount of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event 
that the value of the property of the debtor subject to security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale 
thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to receive the excess amount. The value of 
the property shall be determined by an independent expert chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement on the 
appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the chairman of the competent court. 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property subject to 
security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding obligations. Provided 
that certain risks may arise from the management by the creditor of the relevant property, such new legislation 
is expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant claims. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the "Decree 380") which implemented Chapter 1-bis of 
Title VI of the Banking Act, with the view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage 
credit and providing an adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 
2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended version of its regulations on transparency of banking and 
financial operations of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi 
bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti), in order to implement the transparency 
provisions as laid down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while 
on January 2018 the Ministry for Economy and Finance has submitted to public consultation the draft of the 
Interministerial Decree implementing the Mortgage Legislative Decree. The final version of the Interministerial 
Decree has not yet been published, therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a 
position to fully predict its impact. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
• 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, in 
respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a reduced penalty rate 
(article 120-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree no. 141 of 13 August 2010 as 
amended by Legislative Decree no. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
• 
right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and/or the right to 
request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in accordance with article 1202 
(surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of the Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs previously 
borne by the borrowers for the exercise of such right (article 120-quater of the Italian Banking Act, 
introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 
of 14 December 2010); 
• 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of 
two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007, as 
subsequently implemented by the ministerial decree No. 132 of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance 
(Ministero dell’economia e delle finanze)); 
• 
the right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12-month period, 
where requested by the relevant debtor during the period from 1 June 2015 to 31 December 2017 
(Convention between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI and the consumers’ associations stipulated 
on 31 March 2015) (the "2015 Credit Agreement"). On 27 November 2017, ABI and the consumers’ 
associations, in order to provide continuity to the abovementioned measures, have agreed to extend the 
agreement until 31 July 2018. On 15 November 2018 the Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI and the 
associations representing companies signed a new credit agreement (Accordo per il Credito 2019) 
providing for the introduction of some adjustments to the measures addressed to "Enterprises in 
Recovery", relating to the suspension and extension of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, 
provided for in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the "2019 Italian Credit Agreement"). 
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Cover Pool could be subject to suspension of 
payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the 
ability of the issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the activities necessary for 
the servicing of the Cover Pool. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 ("Law Decree 93"), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 ("Law 
126") which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans 
granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and 
the ABI (Italian Banking Association) entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the 
renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage loans (the "Convention"). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied 
under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original 
final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated 
or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment 
due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). 
The difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount 
that the borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to 
a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 IRS

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, 
each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank 
account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account 
will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, 
and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank 
account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, 
on the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The Seller has adhered to the Convention sending to its clients a renegotiation proposal in accordance with 
the Convention. Borrowers eligible for the renegotiation who have received the renegotiation proposal can 
accept the proposal by way of a written notification to be sent not later than 28 November 2008 (the "Final 
Adhesion Term"). 
The renegotiation becomes effective on the third month following the date when such proposal has been 
accepted by the relevant client, with reference to the instalments which fall due after 1 January 2009.  
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed "Mortgage borrower 
protection" above may have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections 
concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required in order to maintain the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its impact. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
1. 
Risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally; 
2. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; 
3. 
Risks relating to the market generally.  
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the 
Republic of Italy. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any 
legislation that is or will be passed to address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including government 
guarantees or similar measures. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default; (b) directing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Notice to 
Pay or a Guarantor Default Notice or otherwise instructing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
take enforcement action against the Guarantor and/or, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer; (c) cancelling, 
reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; (d) 
altering the priority of payments of interest on the Covered Bonds and of principal; (e) exchanging the Covered 
Bonds for other securities; and (e) any other amendments to the Transaction Documents. Certain resolutions 
are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions (such as a resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take any enforcement). Any Programme Resolution action must be passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the 
Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot be resolved upon 
at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution taken by Covered 
Bondholders of all Series will be binding on all Covered Bondholders irrespective of whether they attended the 
Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution.  
Any Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting will bind each Covered Bondholder, irrespective of whether 
they attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making: 
(a) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; or 
(b) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest 
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or an error which is proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes 
of complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the OBG Regulations or 
any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
It shall also be noted that, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in 
accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the 
Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence 
proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to 
determine in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered 
Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between 
these interests, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more Series 
would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise 
such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent of the principal 
amount outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see the section headed "Selected 
aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction" below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any 
obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer 
believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, 
investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are 
actually performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Limit to Integration 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Portfolios in order to: (i) collateralise the issue of further Tranches of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer, (ii) invest (in whole or in part) principal amounts collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Cover Pool and/or the Principal Available Funds deriving from Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets, provided that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
or (iii) ensure compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
Investors should note that Issuance Assignments, Revolving Assignments or Integration Assignments are not 
allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. Therefore, no assurance can be given 
on the potential negative impact that the need to rebalance the Cover Pool outside the circumstances set out 
in the BoI Regulations may have on the interests of the Covered Bondholders (for further detail on the BoI 
Regulations see the section headed "Selected aspects of Italian law – Coverage Requirement" below). 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds other than Registered Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
included in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Covered Bonds) which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each 
Series of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) can be reviewed by reading the 
Conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds (other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final 
Terms which applies and/or disapplies and/or completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner 
required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds).  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form, from time to 
time, agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Assignment 
Agreement, the related Registered Covered Bonds Rules Agreement and the letter of appointment of (i) any 
Registered Paying Agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds and (ii) the Registrar in respect of the 
Registered Covered Bonds (the "Registrar"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter 
into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific 
issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. An investment 
in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of 
the Issuer may adversely affect the payment made under relevant Covered Bonds. This may lead to losses 
under the Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts 
due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of any Covered Bond would constitute a Guarantor Event 
of Default which would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve an Acceleration Notice 
and accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. The occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents or their 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked 
to or referecing such "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered 
Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the "IOSCO Benchmark Principles") and the EU Benchmarks Regulation of the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" "benchmarks" in the EU, and among 
other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to 
be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the 
administration of "benchmarks" and (ii) bans the use of "benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators, among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to 
so-called "critical benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest 
rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including 
"proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Covered 
Bonds), financial contracts and investment funds.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a 
material impact on any listed Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark" index, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate EU or UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK jurisdiction which (subject to 
any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending 
on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds 
could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Covered Bonds could be 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the "benchmark" or of affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Covered Bonds, 
including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of 
certain "benchmarks".  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 
11 May 2021 the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates. The recommended fallback rates are based on the new Euro short-term rate 
("€STR"). Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it 
will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects 
on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if the EURIBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds 
(each an "Original Reference Rate") were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds, as indicated in the Terms and Conditions.  
In particular, the Terms and Conditions provide for certain arrangements in case that the Original Reference 
Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser or failing that, by 
the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application 
of an Adjustment Spread. The application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or an Adjustment Spread 
may result in the relevant Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last used 
for the relevant Covered Bonds or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the 
Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds or to any other Transaction Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation 
or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory 
authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as provided by Condition 5(l) (Fallback provisions) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially lower 
than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the Covered 
Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. In addition, while any Adjustment 
Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between 
counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bond may not do so and may result 
in the Covered Bond performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they 
would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Any such consequences could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds referring 
the relevant Original Reference Rate. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to 
the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the 
Covered Bonds, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a "benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
which may be adverse to holders of such Covered Bonds, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their 
tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if 
withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature 
is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) subject to customary 
exceptions including Decree No. 239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to 
pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments 
made by the Guarantor. 
For further details see the section entitled "Taxation in the Republic of Italy". 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based 
on the laws of the Republic of Italy (and, in the case of the Swap Agreement, certain provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the laws of 
England) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible change to the laws of Italy or of England or administrative practice in the relevant jurisdictions after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus 
containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to 
reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC 
and 2014/59/EU (the "Covered Bond Directive"); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
"Covered Bond Regulation"). 
The Covered Bond Regulation and the Covered Bond Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on 
covered bonds and introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision. More in particular, the Covered Bond Regulation provides certain amendments to the CRR in 
order to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the Covered 
Bond Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States.  
The Covered Bond Regulation apply from 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the 
Italian legal framework by means of Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021, entered into force on 1 
December 2021 (the "Decree 190/2021"), which modified Law 130. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130 (as applicable until the 
entry into force of the Implementing Provisions, as defined below) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 
130, setting out the Italian legislative framework applicable to covered bonds starting from the entry into force 
of the Implementing Provisions. Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds and issued the implementation of the Title I-bis of 
Law 130. 
Following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 February 
2023, on 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the implementing provisions of the BoI Regulations, 
entering into force on 31 March 2023, (the "Implementing Provisions"), providing, inter alia, for (i) the criteria 
for the assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets 
for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) 
the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) the possibility for banks having credit rating 3 
to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the requirement of a minimum level 
of over-collateralization for covered bonds at 5% and (vi) the conditions for issuing under already existing 
programme as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty above provisions and the recent amendments to the 
BoI Regulations and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus possible 
uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may need to be 
reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to 
continue to be compliant with the OBG Regulations. Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves 
of the above legal changes, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in 
the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official interpretations after 
the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings (if any) assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may be affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and 
there can be no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any 
transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable 
law or regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. 
Law 130 was further amended during the following years, including, inter alia, on 30 November 2021 by way 
of the Decree 190/2021, as above mentioned. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Law 130 as it relates to 
covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for the 
supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" dated 30 
March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to time concerning, inter alia, 
guidelines on the valuation of assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation. 
Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue a ruling relating to the Law 130 or a 
governmental or regulatory authority may issue further regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation 
thereof, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (“Law 111”), 
delegates power to the Italian government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital 
gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, 
and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes 
and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised 
under the Covered Bonds and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described above. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case, 
they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case, they will 
constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all 
respects and will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in acceleration, all Covered 
Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
Whilst this should not be construed as any indication or suggestion that the Issuer would exercise any early 
redemption option to redeem the Covered Bonds, it is possible that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem 
Covered Bonds in accordance with (and where permitted by) the Conditions, and in compliance with applicable 
regulatory requirements, at times when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Covered 
Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the 
circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefiting from periodical interest payments, 
shall be granted an interest income consisting of the difference between the redemption price and the issue 
price, which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed 
to the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of 
zero coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to respond 
to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest-bearing covered bonds with a similar maturity. 
Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", "Social Bond" or 
"Sustainability Bond"  
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically 
for projects and activities that promote "green" purposes ("Green Bonds" and "Eligible Green Assets") and 
"social" purposes ("Social Bonds" and "Eligible Social Assets") or a combination of "green" and "social" 
purposes ("Sustainability Bonds" and "Eligible Sustainability Assets" and, together with the Eligible Green 
Assets and Eligible Social Assets, the "Eligible Assets") in accordance with the Issuer’s Green, Social and 
Sustainability Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) which is 
compliant with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (notably, green 
bond principles (the "Green Bond Principles"), social bond principles (the "Social Bond Principles") and 
sustainability bond guidelines (the "Sustainability Bond Guidelines", and together with the Green Bond 
Principles and Social Bond Principles, the "Principles"). 
In such case, prospective investors should have regard to the information contained in the section "Use of 
Proceeds" and in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
There is currently no firm market consensus as to what bonds may qualify as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green", in the case of Green Bonds, "social", in the case of Social Bonds, or "sustainable", in the case of 
Sustainability Bonds, or be given other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time. The lack of market consensus is, to a certain degree, mitigated through 
voluntary measures, such as by complying with the relevant set of Principles published by the ICMA, or by 
obtaining an external review. 
The Principles aim to promote integrity of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond markets through 
transparency, disclosure and reporting by the issuers. The Principles provide high-level categories for Eligible 
Assets and give other guidance on the key components involved in launching a credible Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond. However, given a broad categorisation of project eligibility by the Principles, diversity of 
current market views and the ongoing development in the understanding of environmental and social issues 
and their consequences, a degree of uncertainty with respect to what projects or activities qualify as "green", 
"social" or "sustainability", and as result which bonds qualify as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, may be 
inevitable. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of "green" and "sustainable" has been established in the EU 
with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy") and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 
2021, the European Commission approved the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act (as defined below), formally 
adopted on 4 June 2021, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define which 
activities contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: 
climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the "Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU 
Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
gas activities, which was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and it applies as of January 2023. 
The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate and environmental objectives 
and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. 
A second delegated act setting out proposed technical screening criteria for economic activities that make a 
substantial contribution to the (non-climate) environmental objectives of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation was adopted by the Commission on 27 June 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European 
Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the 
"Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation") which apply from 1 January 2023. In addition, on 25 July 
2022 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, supplementing the SFDR with regard to RTS 
specifying the details of the content and presentation of the information in relation to the principle of "do no 
significant harm", specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in relation to 
sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and presentation of the information 
in relation to the promotion of environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in 
pre-contractual documents, on websites and in periodic reports ("SFDR RTS"), was published in the Official 
Journal. The new RTS apply from 1 January 2023. On 31 October 2022 the European Commission adopted 
the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/363 amending and correcting the standards laid down in the SFDR RTS 
to ensure investors receive information reflecting provisions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022. The Delegated Regulation has been published in the Official Journal on 17 
February 2023 and has come into force on the third day after publication in the Official Journal. Any further 
delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or 
the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, 
with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress. 
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a European Standard 
for Green Bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard”) setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the 
funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; 
(ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to 
be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subjection 
to its supervision. In this respect, on 22 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was enacted and it applies as of December 
2024. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that: 
(i) 
the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds for any Eligible Assets will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply in accordance 
with any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability impact of any Eligible Assets); and 
(ii) 
any Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", 
"social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including those set out 
under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Assets.  
Moreover, where adverse impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the relevant Eligible Assets may become 
controversial and may generate negative market opinion. 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of 
association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of a relevant Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be 
noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Covered 
Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may 
(or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the Green Bond Principles and/or the Social 
Bond Principles and/or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines and/or the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
framework. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any 
such green or social or sustainable bonds. 
With reference to any Covered Bonds in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an amount 
equal to the proceeds will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Assets, while it is the intention of the Issuer 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Covered Bonds in such a manner as described in the 
applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant projects (either resulting from the original 
application of the proceeds of the Covered Bonds or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case 
may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with 
any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible 
Green, Social or Sustainability Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that (i) such Green, Social or 
Sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or, (ii) with the results or outcome 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, or (iii) the originally designated green project or social 
project or sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the 
proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or 
actual disqualified as such. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to green or 
social or sustainable bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or 
sustainable asset(s) towards which an amount equal to the proceeds of the Covered Bonds may have been 
applied and the relevant Covered Bonds or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with 
respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with 
respect to any Covered Bonds (i) give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholder against the Issuer; (ii) 
constitute an Event of Default under the Covered Bonds; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such 
Covered Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Covered Bonds; or (iv) impact any of the features of such Covered Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, 
nor any amount equal to such proceeds and the operation of any other features will be segregated by the 
Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
Any failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Covered Bonds for any Eligible Assets 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification attesting that the 
Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining 
or certifying on and/or any Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Covered Bonds and 
also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance or refinance Eligible

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Assets, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Eligible Assets to fulfil environmental and 
sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should 
refer to the Issuer’s framework once available on its website for information and should determine for 
themselves the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds 
and their investment should be based upon such investigation as they deem necessary and such framework 
is not incorporated by reference. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green or Social Bonds 
ISS Corporate Solutions has issued an independent opinion, dated 12 May 2023, on the Issuer's Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) made or which may be available 
in connection with an issue of Covered Bond issued as Green or Social or Sustainable Bonds and in particular 
with any Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of any investment in any Covered Bond, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Covered 
Bond. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold any such Covered Bond and is current only as of the date it was initially issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any 
other opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green or Social Bonds in 
respect of which such opinion or certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, ISS Corporate Solutions being the provider of such opinions and certifications is not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the reliability of the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bond or Social Bond or Sustainability Bond. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label  
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)", as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Title I-bis of Law 130, provided that the Covered 
Bonds are in compliance with Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR. Given that the labelling 
of the Covered Bonds as "European Covered Bond (Premium)" depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements 
under Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR, investors should consider, amongst other 
things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and assess 
autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without 
limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any 
Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as "European

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Covered Bond (Premium)". Furthermore, no assurance is given whether Covered Bonds labelled as European 
Covered Bond (Premium) will continue to maintain such label even after their issuance. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Covered 
Bonds. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. If the Covered Bonds are traded after their initial issuance, they may be 
traded at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial conditions of the Issuer. This is particularly the case 
for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds would generally have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect 
on the market value of Covered Bonds, although application has been made, or is expected to be made, to list 
the Covered Bonds on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds 
and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Rating 
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign 
ratings to the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Covered Bonds or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. Any adverse change in the applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Furthermore, in general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents 
shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, that can be obtained at 
the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-6f1b-
4812-4a03-38866f41e523?version=5.0&t=1735579044783&download=true   
2. 
Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, that can be obtained 
at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+by-
law_English.pdf/733de8e3-004e-eb20-be20-
f3b44f58c64e?version=1.0&t=1576246409544&download=true   
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 30 September 
2024, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+Interim+Report+on+Operations
+as+at+30+09+2024.pdf/c6474a7a-4980-aea6-88a6-
87b99f1d56ae?version=1.0&t=1734520000392&download=true  
4. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+Half-
Year+Report+as+at+30+06+2024.pdf/919b31e7-130a-1352-f6c1-
b22bcfedefb4?version=1.0&t=1726240730932&download=true   
5. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2024, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+interim+report+on+operations+a
s+at+31+03+2024.pdf/42406a86-70cb-dfae-f22b-
66351b847833?version=1.0&t=1718888405910&download=true   
6. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/2023+ANNUAL+REPORTS_PDF.pdf/989606d
1-e56d-8021-7632-caa843d1cdd5?version=1.0&t=1715623102665&download=true   
7. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/Consolidated+half+year+report+as+at+30+06
+2023.pdf/dfe5fb52-aa54-ebaa-7839-8f7cf8ba3c2e?version=1.0&t=1696588702782&download=true    
8. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2131684318/Annual+Report+2022+%28PDF%29.pdf/b851
7d71-0cce-df7f-aa54-87d355d1d6b1?version=1.0&t=1687883613005&download=true

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
9. 
Issuer’s consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022), that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191166662/Sustainability+Report+2022.pdf/ac90b602
-b0b2-c8ea-4a54-984ad6cf467d?version=1.1&t=1685024273865&download=true 
10. Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2023+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/0940b5d0-72ea-904e-0fab-
9e4eca8226d3?version=1.0&t=1716908172211&download=true  
11. Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2022+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/f2ed72e4-d1b5-3aff-03b1-
13de62115ca9?version=1.0&t=1697460610109&download=true  
12. BPER Group press release dated 4 December 2024 entitled "Outcome of the 2024 SREP assessment 
process", that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/24.12.04+-
+BPER+Update+of+SREP+requirement.pdf/fdd8a84a-c267-1800-3336-
04cd67ffeea3?t=1733297440726 
 
13. BPER Group press release dated 19 December 2024 entitled "Results of the Ordinary and Extraordinary 
Shareholders' Meeting of 19 December 2024", that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/20241219_Esiti+Assemblea+ordinaria+e+stra
ordinaria+del+19+dicembre+2024_ENG.pdf/721f24a6-3d4f-e707-34cb-
e0da76bd50f5?t=1734614679689  
14. BPER Group press release dated 6 February 2025 entitled "Consolidated results as at 31 December 
2024", that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2795028367/25.02.06+BPER+Risultati+2024+-+all+-
+def_EN.pdf/75433bd0-b322-6aad-3323-8124643db480?t=1738868471043  
15. BPER Group press release dated 6 February 2025 entitled "Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over all the 
shares of Banca Popolare di Sondrio", that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/d/bper-istituzionale/press-release-voluntary-public-exchange-offer-over-
all-the-shares-of-banca-popolare-di-sondrio  
16. BPER Group communication dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Communication pursuant to art. 102 Decree 
58-1998 - Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over Banca Popolare di Sondrio", that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/d/bper-istituzionale/communication-pursuant-to-art-102-legislative-
decree-no-58-1998-voluntary-public-exchange-offer-over-all-the-shares-of-banca-popolare-di-sondrio  
17. BPER Group notice dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Notice of call of Extraordinary Shareholders' 
meeting", that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2795028367/Avviso+di+convocazione_ENG.pdf/c23d24cc-
1cac-31c9-a8cd-fd1e1b627a72?t=1738873049392  
18. BPER Group excerpt of notice dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Excerpt of notice of call of Extraordinary 
Shareholders' meeting", that can be obtained at the webpage:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2795028367/Estratto+Avviso+di+convocazione_ENG.pdf/59
6b9b0a-3960-3be3-fbde-fda4f6503641?t=1738873423237  
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of 
this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus; (ii) the Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) 
as at 30 September 2024; (iv) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as 
at 30 June 2024; (v) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) 
as at 31 March 2024; (vi) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; (vii) the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023; (viii) the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; (ix) the Issuer’s consolidated 
Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); (x) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2023; (xi) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 
31 December 2022; (xii) the BPER Group press release dated 4 December 2024 entitled "Outcome of the 
2024 SREP assessment process"; (xiii) the BPER Group press release dated 19 December 2024 entitled 
"Results of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 19 December 2024"; (xiv) the BPER 
Group press release dated 6 February 2025 entitled Consolidated results as at 31 December 2024"; (xv) the 
BPER Group press release dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over all the 
shares of Banca Popolare di Sondrio"; (xvi) the BPER Group communication dated 6 February 2025 entitled 
“Communication pursuant to art. 102 Decree 58-1998 - Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over Banca Popolare 
di Sondrio"; (xvii) the BPER Group notice dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Notice of call of Extraordinary 
Shareholders' meeting"; and (xviii) the BPER Group excerpt of notice dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Excerpt 
of notice of call of Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting". 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer on the Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/). This Base Prospectus and the 
documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s web site 
(www.luxse.com).  
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) 
Entire document 
All

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer's unaudited consolidated 
interim 
report on operations (without a review report) 
as at 30 September 2024 
 
 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 16 
 
Net provisions for risks and 
charges 
Page 43 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
30 September 2024 
Page 62 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 30 September 2024 
Page 63 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 64 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
as at 30 September 2024 
Page 65 
 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 66 to 113 
 
Attachments 
Pages 114 to 119 
 
Declaration 
of 
the 
manager 
responsible 
for 
preparing 
the 
company’s financial reports 
Pages 120 to 121 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including review report) as at 30 June 
2024 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
30 June 2024 
Page 78 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 30 June 2024 
Page 79 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 80 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
as at 30 June 2024 
Page 81 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 82 to 83 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 85 to 183 
 
Certifications and other reports 
Pages 185 to 187  
 
Independent 
auditors' 
review 
report 
Pages 188 to 189

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer's unaudited consolidated 
interim 
report on operations (without a review report) 
as at 31 March 2024 
 
 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 15 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
31 March 2024 
Page 56 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 31 March 2024 
Page 57 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 58 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
as at 31 March 2024 
Page 59 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 60 to 101 
 
Attachments 
Pages 102 to 105 
 
Declaration 
of 
the 
manager 
responsible 
for 
preparing 
the 
company’s financial reports 
Pages 106 to 107 
Issuer's 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial statements, including the auditors' 
report thereon, notes thereto, the relevant 
accounting principles and the consolidated 
non-financial statement pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of 
the year ended on 31 December 2023  
 
 
 
BPER Banca Group structure as at 
31 December 2023 
Page 19 
 
Financial ratios 
Page 22 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
Page 23 
 
Net provisions for risks and 
charges 
Page 52 
 
Methodological Note 
Pages 84 to 85 
 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
Page 86 
 
Social and personnel issues 
Page 86 
 
Human Rights 
Page 86 
 
Purpose and positioning 
Page 88 
 
The BPER Group's Commitments 
Pages 88 to 91 
 
Governance 
and 
Organisation 
Model 
Pages 92 to 106

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Relations with Suppliers 
Pages 108 to 109 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 110 to 118 
 
Group 
Stakeholders 
and 
Materiality Analysis 
Pages 119 to 128 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 129 to 161 
 
People 
Pages 162 to 179 
 
Relations with the Community 
Pages 193 to 204 
 
The 
EU 
Taxonomy 
of 
Environmentally 
Sustainable 
Activities 
Pages 205 to 247 
 
Objectives 
Pages 248 to 251 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 252 to 259 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report of 
the 2023 Sustainability Report 
Pages 260 to 263 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 266 
 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 267 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 268 
 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
as at 31 December 2023 
Page 269 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 270 to 271 
 
Consolidated Explanatory Notes  
Pages 272 to 561 
 
Attachments  
Pages 562 to 574 
 
Certifications and Other Reports 
referring to the Auditor’s report of 
the 2023 Annual Report 
Pages 575 to 586 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including review report) as at 30 June 
2023 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 
30 June 2023 
Pages 80 to 81 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 30 June 2023 
Page 82 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 83

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 84 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows  
Pages 85 to 86 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 88 to 194 
 
Independent 
auditors’ 
review 
report 
Pages 199 to 200 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of 
the year ended on 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 
31 December 2022 
Page 94  
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 31 December 2022 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 96 
 
Consolidated 
statement 
of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 97 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows  
Pages 98 to 99 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 101 to 412 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 417 to 426 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
Non-Financial 
Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability 
Report) 
 
 
 
History 
Pages 18 to 20 
 
Mission and Approach 
Page 21 
 
The BPER Group’s Commitments 
Pages 22 to 27 
 
Governance 
and 
Organisation 
Model  
Pages 28 to 30 
 
ESG Governance 
Pages 30 to 31 
 
Relation with Suppliers 
Page 42

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 45 to 53 
 
Group 
Stakeholders 
and 
Materiality Analysis 
Pages 54 to 63 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 65 to 95 
 
People 
Pages 99 to 119 
 
Relationships with the Community 
Pages 137 to 147 
 
Annex I –The EU Taxonomy of 
environmentally 
sustainable 
activities 
Pages 148 to 150 
 
Annex II –Materiality Analysis 
Pages 151 to 155 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 163 to 178 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 180 to 182 
Guarantor's 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, including the auditors' report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
Balance sheet  
Page 12 
 
Income Statement  
Page 13 
 
Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 15 to 16 
 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 17 to 18 
 
Notes to the Financial Statement 
Pages 19 to 72 
 
Independent Auditor's report 
Pages 73 to 75 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version)  
Guarantor’s 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Page 13 
 
Income statement 
Page 13 
 
Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 15

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 16 
 
Notes to the Financial Statement 
Pages 17 to 73 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 74 to 76 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
BPER Group press release dated 
4 
December 2024 entitled "Outcome of the 
2024 SREP assessment process" 
 
 
 
Entire document  
All 
BPER Group press release dated 19 
December 2024 entitled "Results of the 
Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' 
Meeting of 19 December 2024" 
 
 
 
Entire document  
All 
BPER Group press release dated 6 February 
2025 entitled "Consolidated results as at 31 
December 2024" 
 
 
 
Consolidated income statement: 
key figures 
Pages 2 to 3 
 
Consolidated balance sheet: key 
figures 
Pages 3 to 4 
 
Group structure highlights as at 31 
December 2024 
Page 4 
 
Capital Ratios 
Page 4 
 
Proposed allocation of BPER 
Banca’s profit for the year 
Page 5 
 
The 
Parent 
Company 
BPER 
Banca 
Page 5 
 
Key events after the reporting 
period as at 31 December 2024 
Page 6 
 
Ratings 
Page 6 
 
Outlook for operations 
Pages 6 to 7 
 
Footnotes 
Page 9 
 
Reclassified financial statements 
as at 31 December 2024 
Pages 10 to 11 
 
Reclassified consolidated balance 
sheet as at 31 December 2024 
Page 12

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Reclassified consolidated income 
statement as at 31 December 
2024 
Page 13 
 
Reclassified consolidated income 
statement by quarter as at 31 
December 2024 
Page 14 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 
31 December 2024 
Page 15 
 
Consolidated income statement as 
at 31 December 2024 
Page 16 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 17 
 
Balance sheet of the Parent 
Company as at 31 December 2024 
Page 18 
 
Income statement of the Parent 
Company as at 31 December 2024 
Page 19 
BPER Group press release dated 6 February 
2025 entitled “Voluntary Public Exchange 
Offer over all the shares of Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio" 
 
 
 
Entire document  
All 
BPER 
Group 
communication 
dated 
6 
February 
2025 
entitled 
“Communication 
pursuant to art. 102 Decree 58-1998 - 
Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio" 
 
 
 
Entire document  
All 
BPER Group notice dated 6 February 2025 
entitled “Notice of call of Extraordinary 
Shareholders' meeting" 
 
 
 
Entire document  
All 
BPER Group excerpt of notice dated 6 
February 2025 entitled “Excerpt of notice of 
call of Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting" 
 
 
 
Entire document  
All 
 
Consolidated results as at 31 December 2024 
Certain information included in the press release entitled "Consolidated results as at 31 December 2024" may 
be qualified as profit estimates. Such information has been prepared on the basis of the Issuer’s financial 
reporting process and using its accounting policies. Such information has been prepared on the basis of 
assumptions about past events and actions, which are consistent with the assumptions used in preparing 
financial statements in accordance with IFRS. The press release entitled “Consolidated results as at 31

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
December 2024" has not been audited or reviewed by the independent auditors of the Issuer. The unaudited 
results for the year ended on 31 December 2024 set out in the press release entitled “Consolidated results as 
at 31 December 2024" have been compiled and prepared on a basis which is comparable with the historical 
financial information and consistent with the Issuer’s accounting policies. 
 Alternative Performance Measures 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative 
performance measures", aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of alternative performance 
measures (“APM”) included in prospectuses or documents containing regulated information. 
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has 
identified several APMs. The management believes that these APMs provide useful information for investors 
as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, because they facilitate the 
identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base Prospectus contains 
alternative performance measures which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial 
and operating performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 September 2024, 30 June 2024, 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023, 30 
June 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
It should be noted that:  
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of 
the future performance;  
(ii) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements 
of BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from the  
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 30 
September 2024, the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 
June 2024, the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as 
at 31 March 2024, the Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' 
report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial 
statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2023, the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023, 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022;  
(v) 
since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER 
Group may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance 
should not be placed on these data; 
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which 
financial information in this Base Prospectus are included. 
The Issuer has selected and represented the APMs set out below as it believes that they are a useful means 
to obtain a better understanding of the economic and financial performance, because they facilitate the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
identification of important operating trends and financial parameters peculiar to the areas of the Issuers 
business activities: 
• 
TEXAS Ratio: calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment 
provisions for nonperforming loans. The Texas Ratio assesses a bank’s financial position. It is a 
measure of a bank’s credit quality; 
• 
ROE: calculated as ratio of net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not 
including net profit. It is considered a gauge of a corporation's profitability and how efficient it is in 
generating profits; 
• 
ROTE: calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including 
net profit and intangible assets. It measures the rate of return on the tangible common equity; 
• 
ROA: calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total 
assets. It is a metric that indicates a company's profitability in relation to its total assets; 
• 
The Cost to income ratio: calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income) and on the basis of the schedules provided by the 7th update of Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 262. It is one of the main indicators of the Issuer’s operational efficiency; 
• 
The Cost of credit risk: calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to 
customers. It is the measure of the cost of managing risk and incurring losses due to risk. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered additional information not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus or not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980. 
The Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 and the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 have been audited by 
Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in 
its reports thereon. 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024 and the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023 have been 
subject to review by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report 
thereon. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Guarantor, as 
indicated in its reports thereon. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial 
statements prepared for and used in Italy and have been translated for the convenience of international 
readers. The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and 
incorporated by reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from 
the independent auditors of the Issuer, Deloitte. The Guarantor takes responsibility for the translation of the 
balance sheets, statements of income and notes of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by 
reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent 
auditors of the Guarantor, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union 
under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office 
of the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer on the Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/) or at the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified 
office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement as required by the above mentioned article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) that, if at any 
time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Covered Bonds and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor, and the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use 
in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer such number 
of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The following structure diagram does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
shall have the same meanings in this structure diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           Covered 
  Bondholders 
OBG 
Italian Covered Bond Framework 
Covered Bond 
     Issuance  
     Proceeds 
Covered Bond  
      Issuance 
    & Coupon  
Estense CPT Covered  
Bond s.r.l. (Guarantor) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Subordinated Loan 
     Repayments of  
Subordinated Loan 
Transfer of Cover Pool 
Cover Pool Purchase Price 
Mortgage Pool 
Swap 
Counterparty (if 
)
Covered Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty (if 
)
    Swap  
Cashflows 
Asset Monitor

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER 
 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) ("BPER", "BPER 
Banca" or the "Parent Company") is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), 
operating in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company 
of the BPER Banca banking Group (the "BPER Group" or the "BPER Banca Group"), which was incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its Articles of Association, its 
final term ends on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. The change of denomination from Banca popolare 
dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the Extraordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER 
is registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce 
of Modena under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid-up share capital of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus was Euro 
2,121,637,109.40 divided into 1,421,624,324 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2025). 
BPER’s shares are listed on the Italian stock market and are included into the FTSE MIB index. 
Starting from September 2009 BPER’s shares were also included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena. In 1983, it was merged with Banca 
Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In 1992, BPER acquired Banca 
Popolare di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di 
Ravenna"), and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. ("Banca CRV"), consolidating 
its presence in Emilia Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of 
Banca Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. ("BPLS") and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. ("Banca 
Popolare del Materano"), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Crotone"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg 
S.A., a company set-up in 1996 whose headquarters are located in Luxembourg and whose business focus is 
on private banking, investment management and corporate banking services. 
In 1998 BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. At the end of 1998 BPER acquired 
approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. ("BPA"). The acquisition, in 
1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Salerno"), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila 
S.p.A. ("Carispaq") and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia") 
resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001 BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one 
of the largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and 
more than 10,000 employees at that time. 
In June 2003 BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form 
the banking entity Banca della Campania S.p.A. ("Banca della Campania"), into which Banca del Monte di 
Foggia S.p.A. merged on 28 December 2006 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. In June 2014 BPER and Banco di Sardegna 
resolved to commence the merger by incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A. The latter 
is a company operating in all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. In July 2010 the plan for the absorption of Banca 
CRV into BPER took place. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. ("Arca Vita"). 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged 
to form a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare del 
Mezzogiorno"). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a 
result, BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. ("BNT"), a bank 
specialised in agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which 
specialises in non-life insurance. The latter two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such reorganisation, 
the BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal shares among the 
four banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in 
accordance with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the 
existing and future portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted 
and/or held by BNT. 
The notes issued by the SPV in a single tranche were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially 
in proportion to their respective interests. 
In 2009 the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. ("Banca 
Italease"). The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. 
("Release") and Alba Leasing S.p.A. ("Alba Leasing"). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of 
Banca Italease were contributed to these companies: in particular its impaired assets went to Release, while 
its performing loans deriving from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In June 2010 BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. ("BPS") transferred control over Arca Vita to 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. ("Unipol Group"). 
In February 2012 BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of the 
company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on 
trust matters.  
In November 2012 the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER took place. 
In January 2013 BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, 
BPLS and BPA (hereinafter, the "Merged Companies") into BPER.  
In February 2013 BPER completed a process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. 
("CR Bra"). 
In 2014 the absorption by BPER of three further subsidiary banks, such as Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, 
Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna, took place. 
In 2016 BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. ("Banca di Sassari") – originally 
a subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. ("Banco di Sardegna") – with the view to allowing Banca 
di Sassari to focus on consumer credit lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 
Banca di Sassari changed its name to Bibanca S.p.A ("Bibanca"). 
In October 2016 BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. ("CR 
Saluzzo"). 
In June 2017 BPER performed the acquisition from the Single Resolution Fund of 100% of the share capital 
of Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. ("Nuova Carife"), which was merged into BPER in November 
2017.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Also taking into consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the 2018 SREP 
Decision, BPER Group's non-performing exposure strategy provided for the sale of bad loans ("NPL") at a 
Group level, since 2018, through several securitisation transactions. 
In July 2019 BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca Holding") 
auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. and Veneto Banca S.p.A. (both in LCA 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa)), which in turn holds all the shares of Arca Fondi SGR. 
In July 2019 BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital 
and a stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds the 
equivalent to 99.479% of the entire share capital of Banco di Sardegna, consisting of ordinary and preference 
shares. 
In July 2019 BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. ("Unipol Banca") from Unipol Group and 
UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. ("UnipolSai"). 
With effect from 25 November 2019 the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER 
was completed. 
In July 2020 BPER the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo into BPER took place. 
In 2020 BPER entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ("ISP") pursuant to which BPER 
purchased a going concern composed of approximately 1.2 million clients, distributed on the relevant banking 
branches of the former UBI Banca S.p.A. ("UBI"). 
In April 2020 BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, the proposal to 
grant the Board of Directors the power to increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of 
Euro 1.0 billion in order to fund the transaction with ISP. 
The transfer to BPER of the acquired business units took place in the first half of 2021. 
In 2021 the BPER Group completed a further massive sale of non-performing loans, by means of a 
securitisation transaction in compliance with the requirements and to be assisted by the Italian State guarantee 
scheme (GACS). 
Starting from 2021, the BPER Group also executed several sales of portfolios classified as "unlikely-to-pay" 
("UTP"). 
In June 2022 BPER executed the acquisition of the Banca Carige S.p.A. Group ("Carige Group"). As a 
consequence, inter alia, Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. ("BCP") and Banca del Monte di Lucca S.p.A. ("BML") – 
formerly included into the Carige Group – became part of the BPER’s Group. 
The merger by absorption of Banca Carige S.p.A. ("Banca Carige" or "Carige") and BML into BPER took 
place in November 2022.  
In November 2023 a merger became effective by absorption of Optima S.p.A. Società di Intermediazione 
Mobiliare ("Optima SIM") into BCP, with the latter taking over all of Optima SIM's legal relationships, assets 
and liabilities. 
The merger was aimed at further concentrating the BPER's Group Wealth Management & Asset Management 
business lines within BCP. 
In January 2024 the BPER Group and the Gardant Group (now doValue) finalised an agreement on the 
establishment of a strategic partnership for the management of non-performing loans held by BPER and Banco 
di Sardegna. As a result two servicing agreements on the management and recovery of loans classified as 
both UTP and NPL, held by BPER and Banco di Sardegna, were entered into. 
Strategy 
New 2024-2027 Business Plan 
On 30 May 2024 BPER Banca’s Board of Directors agreed on the early closure of the 2022-2025 Group 
Business Plan, as at 31 December 2024. The decision was taken in light of the earlier-than-planned 
achievement of the main economic and financial targets, which were attained thanks to the Group's 
performance and favourable market conditions.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
The Board of Directors consequently vested the Chief Executive Officer, not least in consideration of the 
changed macroeconomic scenario, to prepare a new business plan for the 2024-2027 period (the “New 2024-
2027 Business Plan”), to be submitted to the approval of the Board of Directors and presented to the market 
in October 2024. 
The New 2024-2027 Business Plan is built on three strategic pillars: 
1. 
“Unleash our clients’ full-value” with tailor-made products for BPER’s retail and private banking 
clients, leveraging on the new wealth management set-up, as well as supporting corporate clients with 
tailor-made banking solutions through the new corporate product factory.  
In this respect, with reference to retail banking clients, BPER will (i) enhance the distribution of insurance 
products (life, health and non-life insurance) via digitalised offering and by integrating bancassurance in 
the Group “Customer Relationship Management”, to improve commercial efficiency, (ii) enhance 
consumer finance via a digitalized product proposition, making the most of AI and GenAI optimised 
processes, and ensure selective growth in salary-backed loans through a new branch sales process, 
(iii) leverage its digital channels, and seize cross-selling opportunities leveraging its leading position in 
mortgages, in particular on new origination. Furthermore, BPER’s new “Omnichannel Service Model” 
will drive higher revenues through increased productivity and costs optimisation leveraging a number of 
drivers. 
In relation to private banking clients and wealth management, BPER will launch three main initiatives: 
(i) enhance clients’ asset allocation, (ii) boost Banca Private Cesare Ponti private bankers’ productivity, 
and (iii) strengthen BPER’s network of financial advisors. 
In relation to corporate banking clients, BPER will increase the share of wallet of its existing clients, 
paving the way for further businesses through its wide-ranging product proposition and its strategic 
partnerships, by four main initiatives: (i) growth in global transaction banking, an important source of 
steady, capital-light fee and commission income; the Group will enhance its export financing proposition 
via partnerships with leading export credit agencies, whilst expanding its network of correspondent 
banks worldwide, (ii) focus on structured finance and capital markets services, also leveraging the 
partnership with third-party operators, (iii) boost of protection product offering, capitalizing BPER’s 
strategic partnership with the Unipol group, (iv) scale-up of a capital-light business model with an 
originate-to-distribute strategy; 
 
2. 
“Capture our latent economies of scale”, by increasing workforce productivity (through new 
omnichannel service model and artificial intelligence/generative artificial intelligence enabled process 
optimization and automation), up-skilling initiatives and insourcing key operational activities, while 
reducing administrative costs. In particular, the increase of BPER’s workforce productivity will be 
sustained by a strategic shift in sales channels and a material increase of operational efficiency. 
Furthermore, the zero-based external cost optimization initiative will be pervasive throughout the Issuer, 
including, for example, real estate space optimization, IT maintenance & running services and general 
external services; and 
 
3. 
“Leverage our strong balance sheet”, by improving and modernising credit risk and capital 
management. The Plan focuses on credit risk management and balance sheet strength in order to 
optimize the allocation of Risk Weighted Assets and remunerate BPER’s shareholders while maintaining 
an important level of CET1 ratio. In particular, BPER’s intention is growing its loan book without any 
deterioration of its key risk indicators and focusing on the modernisation of its credit and capital 
management process.  BPER will be enhancing the management of debt collection to improve asset 
quality, leveraging early warning mechanisms that are fed into by machine learning-driven processes 
and best-in-class debt collection strategy thanks to the partnership with Gardant. 
Furthermore, BPER aims at completing its modernisation process. Such modernisation process will be 
pervasive across the Group and will ensure the successful and flawless execution of all strategic pillars via 
three main enablers: Technology, Security and AI, ESG and Sustainability commitment and Organization & 
People.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Extraordinary transactions 
Additional Tier 1 bond issuance 
In January 2024 BPER announced that it had placed an Additional Tier 1 perpetual bond issuance, callable 
from year 5, for a total principal amount of Euro 500 million. 
In November 2024 BPER completed the placement of an Additional Tier 1 perpetual bond issuance, callable 
in March 2030 and thereafter on any interest payment date, for a total principal amount of Euro 500 million.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 September 2024 is as shown here below. 
SITUATION AS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key to the BPER Banca Group Structure: 
 
Group Banks 
 Other financial companies 
Real estate companies 
 Other companies 
(a) Equivalent to 99.481% of the entire Share Capital consisting of ordinary and 
preference shares. 
(b) Subsidiaries consolidated under the equity method. 
(c) Subsidiary company which is not included in the Banking Group since it does not 
contribute directly to its activities. 
St. Anna Gestione Golf Società Sportiva Dilettantistica s.r.l., a subsidiary of BPER Real Estate 
through St. Anna Golf s.r.l., was excluded from the scope of consolidation as it was considered 
non-significant. 
The scope of consolidation also includes the following subsidiaries which are not included in the 
Banking Group, since they do not contribute directly to its activities. These companies are 
consolidated under the equity method. 
Subsidiaries of the Parent Company: 
– Adras S.p.A. (100%); 
– Commerciale Piccapietra S.r.l. (100%). 
Indirect subsidiares of BPER Banca, through Bper Real Estate S.p.A.: 
– Annia S.r.l. (100%); 
– Sant’Anna Golf S.r.l. (100%).

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di 
Sardegna. As at 30 June 2024, Banco di Sardegna employed 1,876 staff and had 286 branches; its direct 
deposits amounted to Euro 11,771,413 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 6,077,161 thousand 
whilst net profit was Euro 65,620 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.697 and 20.522 per 
cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 30 June 2024, Bibanca employed 221 staff and had no 
branches; its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 257,956 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) whilst 
net profit was Euro 30,173 thousand. 
Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banca Cesare 
Ponti. As at 30 June 2024, Banca Cesare Ponti employed 582 staff and had 2 branches; its direct deposits 
amounted to Euro 1,309,719 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 25,960,896 thousand whilst net 
profit was Euro 17,940 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a. As at 30 June 2024, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 30 staff and had 1 branch; its direct deposits 
amounted to Euro 289,827 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 672,944 thousand whilst net profit 
was Euro 4,127 thousand. 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairperson).  
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Fabio Cerchiai 
Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
Antonio Cabras 
Deputy Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Matteo Cordero di Montezemolo 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Angela Maria Cossellu 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Piercarlo Giuseppe Italo Gera 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Andrea Mascetti 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Stefano Rangone 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Fulvio Solari 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Elisa Valeriani 
Director 
23/06/2021 
General Management

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Name 
Title 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports is: 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports are referred 
to as Senior Executives. 
The Board of Directors is required under the BPER Articles of Association to meet monthly and at any other 
time when a meeting is convened by the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all the powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under 
the BPER Articles of Association. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee1, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the General Managers such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and operations as it 
shall consider appropriate. 
Administrative, management and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuer and the private interests and/or other duties 
concerning the members of the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior 
Executives, with the exception of those possibly relating to the transactions submitted to the competent 
corporate bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict compliance with the laws and 
regulations in force. 
The Bank has in place procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as 
amended and Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and 
managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise from, among others, any activities of the members of 
the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior Executives outside of the 
Issuer, to ensure, where possible, that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and to guarantee 
that related party transactions are performed in compliance with all relevant requirements of law. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal document 
called "Group Policy for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of interest with 
related parties and risk towards related parties", after obtaining the favourable opinion of the committee 
composed of independent Directors and the control body, in order to ensure, among other things, the 
transparency and substantial and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with associated parties 
and related parties. The aforementioned policy is published on BPER's website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Bank, 
as well as the Senior Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to below, aimed 
at regulating cases in which the interests of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) article 53 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , which provides for the obligation 
of abstention for directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, without 
prejudice to the obligations under art. 2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
 
1 Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(ii) article 136 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the adoption of 
a particular authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken unanimously with the 
exclusion of the vote of the representative concerned and with the favourable vote of all the members of 
the control body) in the event that a bank contracts obligations of any kind or carries out transactions, 
directly or indirectly, with those who carry out administration, management and control functions within 
the same bank; 
(iii) article 150 of the Financial Law, which states that directors are required to report to the board of statutory 
auditors on transactions in which they have an interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, or which 
are influenced by the person exercising the management and coordination activity; 
(iv) article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and the board 
of statutory auditors of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, they have in a 
specific company transaction, it being understood that, if the member of the board of the administration 
concerned is the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain from carrying out the transaction. In any 
case, the resolution of the board of directors must adequately justify the reasons and convenience for the 
company of the transaction; and 
(v) article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the applicable 
prudential supervisory provisions. 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Silvia Bocci 
 
Chairperson 
 
19/12/2024 
Michele Rutigliano 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
19/04/2024 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
 
Shareholders 
As at 16 February 2025 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows2: 
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
19.77 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.22 
 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s: 
Short-Term Bank Deposit Rating: P-2; 
Long-Term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa1 with "stable" outlook; 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment ("BCA"): baa3; 
 
2 Source: www.consob.it/web.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Senior Non-Preferred Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba1 with "stable" outlook. 
S&P: 
Stand Alone Credit Profile: BBB-; 
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating: A-3; 
Long-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: A-2; 
Outlook: Positive. 
Fitch: 
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating: BBB- with "positive" outlook; 
Short-Term Issuer Default Rating: F3; 
Viability Rating: bbb-; 
Long-Term Senior Preferred Rating: BBB-; 
Long-Term Senior Non-Preferred Rating: BB+; 
Subordinated Debt: BB; 
Long-Term Deposit Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Deposit Rating: F3. 
Morningstar DBRS: 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: BBB with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Issuer Rating: R-2 (high) with "positive" trend; 
Long-Term Senior Debt: BBB with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Debt: R-2 (high) with "positive" trend; 
Senior Non-Preferred Debt: BBB (low) with "positive" trend; 
Subordinated Debt: BB (high) with "positive" trend; 
Long-Term Deposits: BBB (high) with "positive" trend;

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Short-Term Deposits: R-1 (low) with "stable" trend. 
Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch") and DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Moody's, S&P, 
Fitch and Morningstar DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Overview 
The underlying objective of the BPER Group is being a benchmark for business and households and 
supporting local economic growth focusing on digital transformation, innovation of processes and products, 
new internationalisation strategies and a renewed commitment to social responsibility. 
Thanks to merger and acquisition’s transactions over the years, the BPER Group is today the country’s third 
largest listed banking group in terms of overall funding and number of branches and, through its investee 
companies, it is active in all major segments of the banking and investment services market: 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking; 
• 
Private Banking & Wealth Management; 
• 
Bancassurance (mainly through the placement of third-party products); 
• 
Leasing; 
• 
Factoring; 
• 
Lending to retail customers. 
The BPER Group is present in all Italian regions, with a network of 1,634 branches nationwide as at 30 June 
2024 in addition to a branch in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg of subsidiary BPER Bank of Luxembourg S.A. 
This network is now complemented by the 112 Private Banking Centres of Banca Cesare Ponti, following the 
transfer of the Private Banking business by BPER to its subsidiary in the first half of 2024. 
As at 30 June 2024, net interest income comes to Euro 1,682 million (Euro 3,252 million as at 31 December 
2023). 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2023, the Group’s network consisted of 1,635 branches located throughout the country, as 
well as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 142,128,359 
thousand. 
As at 30 June 2024 the BPER Group’s network consists of 1,634 branches throughout the country, as well as 
a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 139,397,353 
thousand. 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 20,224 persons as at 31 December 2023. 
The following table shows, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s 
employees. 
Employees 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
17,023 
17,622 
(599) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
30 
29 
1 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
221 
217 
4 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
1,876 
1,931 
(55) 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
582 
76 
506 
Total banks 
19,732 
19,875 
(143) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
340 
349 
(9) 
Balance sheet total 
20,072 
20,224 
(152) 
 
The following table shows, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s 
branches.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Branches 
30.06.2024 31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,346 
1,347 
(1) 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
286 
286 
- 
3. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
2 
2 
- 
Total Italian banks 
1,634 
1,635 
(1) 
4. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1 
1 
- 
Total 
1,635 
1,636 
(1) 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
2023 
2022 
Net Interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
Other operating expense / income 
100,737 
328,532 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
2023 
2022 
Net Loans to customer 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
- of which net bad loans 
174,589 
220,917 
Net interbank position 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
Financial assets 
28,600,425 
30,665,767 
Total assets 
142,128,359 
152,302,794 
Direct deposits 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
Indirect deposits 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
- of which managed 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
- of which administered 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
2023 
2022 
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
(3,419,544) 
12,793,995 
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
(314,078) 
(17,069) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
(178,373) 
(85,502) 
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
(3,911,995) 
12,691,424 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
as previously published on the relevant annual report. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. 
Investors should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider 
these measures as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to cash 
flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles), or as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to 
any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are not 
indicative of BPER Group’s historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative of future results. 
These measures are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
operations. Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, BPER Group’s 
presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, investors 
should not place undue reliance on this data. 
Performance ratios3 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2023 
20224 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
62.07% 
59.86% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
74.28% 
79.40% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.12% 
20.13% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.44% 
3.20% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.18% 
1.41% 
Texas Ratio 
21.82% 
32.29% 
Profitability ratios 
ROE 
24.15% 
7.94% 
ROTE 
23.94% 
8.30% 
ROA 
1.24% 
0.35% 
Cost to income ratio 
56.01% 
65.47% 
Cost of credit 
0.48% 
0.64% 
 
The Texas Ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority 
interests) plus impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year (only recurring component of Euro 1,731.1 million) on average 
shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit. ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the net profit 
for the year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 1,731.1 million) and the Group’s average 
shareholders’ equity (i) including net profit for the year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 
1,731.1 million) stripped of the portion allocated to dividends and (ii) excluding intangible assets and equity 
instruments. 
ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year including net profit pertaining to minority interests (only 
recurring component of Euro 1,763.6 million) on total assets. The Cost to income ratio is calculated on the basis 
of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating income); when calculated on the basis of the 
schedules provided by the 8th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio is at 59.34% 
(73.17% at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated Financial Report for the year ending 31 December 
2022). 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to 
customers as at 31 December 2023. 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
31.12.2023 
20225 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
Leverage ratio 
5.5% 
4.3% 
 
3 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance 
measures”, aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses 
or regulated information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement items of the 
reclassified statements. 
4  
The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial report as at 31 
December 2022. 
5  
The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial report as at 31 
December 2022.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
160.9% 
195.3% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
128.4% 
127.3% 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as 
amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2024 and 2023. 
Performance ratios6 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2024 
20237 
Structural ratios 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
63.82% 
62.07% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
75.67% 
74.28% 
Financial assets/total assets 
19.04% 
20.12% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.76% 
2.44% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.32% 
1.18% 
Texas Ratio 
22.78% 
21.82% 
Profitability ratios 
 
ROE 
16.22% 
24.15% 
ROTE 
16.47% 
23.94% 
ROA 
1.03% 
1.24% 
Cost/income ratio 
56.91% 
50.59% 
Cost of credit 
0.20% 
0.30% 
 
The Texas Ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority 
interests) plus impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
ROE has been calculated as annualised net profit for the period (only the recurring component of Euro 697.7 
million) on the Group’s average shareholders’ equity not including net profit. 
ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the annualised net profit for the period (solely the recurring component 
of Euro 697.7 million) and the Group’s average shareholders’ equity: 
i) 
including net profit for the period (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 697.7 million) 
stripped of the portion allocated to dividends and then annualised and 
ii) 
excluding intangible assets and equity instruments. 
ROA has been calculated as annualised net profit for the period including net profit pertaining to minority 
interests (only recurring component of Euro 714.8 million) on total assets. 
The Cost/Income ratio is calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income), if calculated on the basis of recurring results (operating costs amounting to Euro 
1,395.9 million), the same indicator totals 50.61%. When calculated on the basis of the accounting schedules 
envisaged by the 8th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to Income ratio amounts to 61.05% 
(vs. 54.71% as at 30 June 2023). 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to 
customers as at 30 June 2024. The annualised cost of risk for the first half of the year is 41 bps, down from 48 
bps in financial year ended on 31 December 2023. 
 
 
6 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance 
measures”, aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses 
or regulated information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement items of the 
reclassified statements. 
7  
The comparative balance sheet ratios, together with ROE, ROTE and ROA, have been calculated on figures at 31 December 
2023 as per the Integrated Report and the Consolidated Financial Report of the BPER Banca Group as at 31 December 2023, 
while income statement ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2023.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
30.06.2024 
20238 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
8,153,163 
7,736,303 
Total Own Funds 
10,579,398 
9,663,855 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,416,782 
53,501,799 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 
15.26% 
14.46% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) 
16.47% 
14.74% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) 
19.81% 
18.06% 
Leverage ratio 
6.1% 
5.5% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
161.4% 
160.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
134.6% 
128.4% 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), 
as amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
 
 
 
8  
The comparative balance sheet ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2023 as per the Integrated Report and 
the Consolidated Financial Report of the BPER Banca Group as at 31 December 2023, while income statement ratios have been 
calculated on figures at 30 June 2023.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the loans of the 
BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts 
5,453,933 
5,482,779 
(28,846) 
-0.53 
Mortgage loans 
62,120,911 
62,952,434 
(831,523) 
-1.32 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
4,254 
(4,254) 
-100.00 
Leases and factoring 
5,134,789 
5,051,671 
83,118 
1.65 
Other transactions 
15,514,721 
17,683,697 
(2,168,976) 
-12.27 
Net loans to customers 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,224.4 million (Euro 91,174.8 million at 31 December 
2022), down by Euro 2,950.5 million compared to 31 December 2022. In terms of the various technical forms, 
the reduction of mortgages totalled Euro -831.5 million (-1.32%), Euro -28.8 million (-0.53%) on current 
accounts and Euro -2,169.0 million (-12.27%) on other transactions, the latter due primarily to the reduction of 
stage one and stage two Other loans of BPER Banca attributable primarily to subject to collection advances, 
deposits at Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, in addition to other subsidies totalling Euro 2,041.3 million. The reduction 
in loans to businesses and households is primarily reflective of the slowdown in demand due to increased 
interest rates and the increased perception of uncertainty in the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
2,197,089 
2,991,445 
(794,356) 
-26.55 
Bad loans 
632,013 
961,093 
(329,080) 
-34.24 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
1,353,554 
1,871,880 
(518,326) 
-27.69 
Past due loans 
211,522 
158,472 
53,050 
33.48 
Gross performing exposures 
87,834,438 
90,589,650 
(2,755,212) 
-3.04 
Total gross exposure 
90,031,527 
93,581,095 
(3,549,568) 
-3.79 
Impairment losses on non-performing 
exposures 
1,153,879 
1,706,790 
(552,911) 
-32.39 
Bad loans 
457,424 
740,176 
(282,752) 
-38.20 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
638,689 
916,779 
(278,090) 
-30.33 
Past due loans 
57,766 
49,835 
7,931 
15.91 
Impairment losses on performing 
exposures 
653,294 
699,470 
(46,176) 
-6.60 
Total impairment losses 
1,807,173 
2,406,260 
(599,087) 
-24.90 
Net non-performing exposures 
1,043,210 
1,284,655 
(241,445) 
-18.79 
Bad loans 
174,589 
220,917 
(46,328) 
-20.97 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
714,865 
955,101 
(240,236) 
-25.15 
Past due loans 
153,756 
108,637 
45,119 
41.53 
Net performing exposures 
87,181,144 
89,890,180 
(2,709,036) 
-3.01 
Total net exposure 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
At 31 December 2023, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,153.9 million (Euro 
1,706.8 million at 31 December 2022; -32.39%), for a coverage ratio of 52.52% (57.06% at 31 December 
2022), while the provisions for performing loans amounted to Euro 653.3 million (Euro 699.5 million at 31 
December 2022; -6.60%) and give a coverage ratio of to 0.74% (0.77% at 31 December 2022). 
Therefore, the overall level of credit coverage came to 2.01%, down compared to 2.57% as at 31 December 
2022 as a result of the measures taken on the non- performing portfolio, as described in more detail below. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Loans to customers 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
chang
e 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
78,414,497 
77,018,983 
82,120,863 
80,376,740 
-4.51 
-4.18 
1.78

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a. 
320,045 
313,955 
212,805 
207,092 50.39 
51.60 
1.90 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
3,100,919 
3,053,192 12.12 
12.40 
1.29 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
7,317,602 
7,021,175 
-4.15 
-1.63 
1.52 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
39,932 
39,678 
43,128 
42,900 
-7.41 
-7.51 
0.64 
Total banks 
89,265,019 
87,711,570 
92,795,317 
90,701,099 
-3.80 
-3.30 
1.74 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
3,659,519 
3,385,856 
-8.03 
-6.96 
6.40 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
1,948,903 
1,922,148 
12.38 
12.40 
1.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
470,076 
461,403 
653,101 
641,477 -28.02 
-28.07 
1.85 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
271 
271 
263 
263 
3.04 
3.04 
- 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
(5,259,513) 
(5,259,513) 
(5,476,008) 
(5,476,008) 
-3.95 
-3.95 
- 
adjustments 
 
 
 
Balance sheet total 
90,031,527 
88,224,354 
93,581,095 
91,174,835 
-3.79 
-3.24 
2.01 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,695,781 
854,646 
2,179,899 
1,017,486 
-22.21 
-16.00 
49.60 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a. 
7,910 
2,583 
9,540 
4,402 
-17.09 
-41.32 
67.35 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
65,018 
36,363 
58,166 
28,853 
11.78 
26.03 
44.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
128,821 
65,352 
328,032 
86,098 
-60.73 
-24.10 
49.27 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
626 
455 
567 
407 
10.41 
11.79 
27.32 
Total banks 
1,898,156 
959,399 
2,576,204 
1,137,246 
-26.32 
-15.64 
49.46 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
247,152 
61,743 
363,043 
123,902 
-31.92 
-50.17 
75.02 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
44,835 
19,522 
42,474 
20,036 
5.56 
-2.57 
56.46 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,946 
2,546 
9,724 
3,471 
-28.57 
-26.65 
63.35 
Balance sheet total 
2,197,089 
1,043,210 
2,991,445 
1,284,655 
-26.55 
-18.79 
52.52 
Non-performing loans 
(balance sheet total)/Loans 
to customers 
2.44% 
1.18% 
3.20% 
1.41% 
 
 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,043.2 million (-18.79% on 31 December 2022), equal to 1.18% of 
total net loans to customers (1.41% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-
performing loans to loans to customers is 2.44% (3.20% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of non-performing loans of 52.52% has decreased compared with 31 December 2022 (57.06%). 
As stated, the decrease in the average coverage of non- performing loans is mainly due to the disposals made 
during the year (notably UTPs) and the partial write-off of Euro 335 million of bad loans. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Bad loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Covera
ge ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
404,839 
138,964 
453,215 
120,126 
-10.67 
15.68 
65.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a. 
1,683 
13 
430 
- 
291.40 
n.s. 
99.23 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
6,023 
1,654 
15,445 
2,773 
-61.00 
-40.35 
72.54 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
25,258 
7,455 
210,965 
35,961 
-88.03 
-79.27 
70.48 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
9 
3 
163 
81 
-94.48 
-96.30 
66.67 
Total banks 
437,812 
148,089 
680,218 
158,941 
-35.64 
-6.83 
66.18 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
167,158 
22,443 
252,746 
56,907 
-33.86 
-60.56 
86.57 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
24,267 
3,289 
23,632 
3,834 
2.69 
-14.21 
86.45 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,776 
768 
4,497 
1,235 
-38.27 
-37.81 
72.33 
Balance sheet total 
632,013 
174,589 
961,093 
220,917 
-34.24 
-20.97 
72.38 
Bad loans (Balance sheet 
total)/ Loans to customers 
0.70% 
0.20% 
1.03% 
0.24% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 174.6 million (-20.97% compared with 31 December 2022), accounting for 
0.20% of total net loans to customers (0.24% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the bad 
loans on total loans to customers ratio comes to 0.70% (1.03% at 31 December 2022).

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
The level of coverage of bad loans is 72.38% (77.01% at 31 December 2022). In addition to the partial write-
offs already outlined (made by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca), the reduction in bad loans of 
the subsidiaries Banco di Sardegna and Sardaleasing is mainly attributable to disposals on the market, 
amounting to Euro 125.1 million and Euro 37.5 million, respectively. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,171,617 
623,658 
1,629,038 
830,228 
-28.08 
-24.88 
46.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a. 
5,837 
2,287 
7,445 
3,223 
-21.60 
-29.04 
60.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
28,406 
15,803 
13,243 
8,274 
114.50 
91.00 
44.37 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
83,072 
42,740 
99,489 
37,152 
-16.50 
15.04 
48.55 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
450 
317 
404 
326 
11.39 
-2.76 
29.56 
Total banks 
1,289,382 
684,805 
1,749,619 
879,203 
-26.30 
-22.11 
46.89 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
54,487 
25,732 
100,363 
58,951 
-45.71 
-56.35 
52.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,741 
3,212 
18,182 
15,581 
-62.92 
-79.39 
52.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,944 
1,116 
3,716 
1,366 
-20.78 
-18.30 
62.09 
Balance sheet total 
1,353,554 
714,865 
1,871,880 
955,101 
-27.69 
-25.15 
47.19 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans 
to customers 
1.50% 
0.81% 
2.00% 
1.05% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 714.9 million (-25.15% compared with 31 December 2022), representing 
0.81% of total net loans to customers (1.05% at 31 December 2022), while on a gross basis the ratio is 1.50% 
(2.00% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to 47.19%, compared with 48.98% as at 31 December 2022, 
due to the disposals completed during the year. In addition to the disposals related to the framework agreement 
entered into with Gardant and AMCO (Euro 900 million), BPER Banca disposed of single name UTPs of Euro 
175.6 million, while the subsidiary Sardaleasing made disposals of Euro 39.6 million. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Past due loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
119,325 
92,024 
97,646 
67,132 
22.20 
37.08 
22.88 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
390 
283 
1,665 
1,179 
-76.58 
-76.00 
27.44 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
30,589 
18,906 
29,478 
17,806 
3.77 
6.18 
38.19 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
20,491 
15,157 
17,578 
12,985 
16.57 
16.73 
26.03 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
167 
135 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
19.16 
Total banks 
170,962 
126,505 
146,367 
99,102 
16.80 
27.65 
26.00 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
25,507 
13,568 
9,934 
8,044 
156.76 
68.67 
46.81 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
13,827 
13,021 
660 
621 
-- 
-- 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,226 
662 
1,511 
870 
-18.86 
-23.91 
46.00 
Balance sheet total 
211,522 
153,756 
158,472 
108,637 
33.48 
41.53 
27.31 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.23% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.12% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 153.8 million (+41.53% compared with 31 December 2022) 
represents 0.17% of total net loans to customers (0.12% at 31 December 2022), whereas on a gross basis 
the ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 0.23% (0.17% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of past due loans is 27.31% (31.45% at 31 December 2022).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of 
economic activity: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Distribution of loans 
31.12.2023 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,008,449 
1.14 
B. Mining and quarrying 
70,913 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
13,075,134 
14.82 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,379 
1.16 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and 
rehabilitation 
788,773 
0.89 
F. Construction 
2,981,804 
3.38 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
7,145,301 
8.10 
H. Transport and storage 
1,445,828 
1.64 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,690,069 
1.92 
J. Information and communication 
1,108,040 
1.26 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
223,827 
0.25 
L. Real estate 
3,871,542 
4.39 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,608,378 
2.96 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,261,397 
1.43 
P. Education 
51,730 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
583,681 
0.66 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
193,290 
0.22 
S. Other services 
805,117 
0.90 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,933,652 
45.26 
Individuals and other not included above 
41,454,207 
46.99 
Financial companies 
4,021,084 
4.56 
Insurance 
97,349 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,718,062 
3.08 
Total loans 
88,224,354 
100.00

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,962.5 million (Euro 88,224.4 million at 31 
December 2023), up by Euro 738.1 million compared to 31 December 2023. Among the various type of 
products, the reduction in the balance of current accounts was Euro -567.9 million (-10.41%) and leases and 
factoring transactions were down by Euro -302.3 million (-5.89%). An increase was instead registered in 
mortgage loans by Euro 497.4 million (+0.80%) and other transactions by Euro 1,110.9 million (+7.16%), 
driven by new bullet-type loan originations for corporate customers. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Change
s 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
2,513,248 
2,197,089 
316,159 
14.39 
Bad loans 
710,115 
632,013 
78,102 
12.36 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
1,652,826 
1,353,554 
299,272 
22.11 
Past due loans 
150,307 
211,522 
(61,215) 
-28.94 
Gross performing exposures 
88,426,536 
87,834,438 
592,098 
0.67 
Total gross exposure 
90,939,784 
90,031,527 
908,257 
1.01 
Impairment losses on non-performing 
exposures 
1,339,169 
1,153,879 
185,290 
16.06 
Bad loans 
494,211 
457,424 
36,787 
8.04 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
802,678 
638,689 
163,989 
25.68 
Past due loans 
42,280 
57,766 
(15,486) 
-26.81 
Impairment losses on performing exposures 
638,127 
653,294 
(15,167) 
-2.32 
Total impairment losses 
1,977,296 
1,807,173 
170,123 
9.41 
Net non-performing exposures 
1,174,079 
1,043,210 
130,869 
12.54 
Bad loans 
215,904 
174,589 
41,315 
23.66 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
850,148 
714,865 
135,283 
18.92 
Past due loans 
108,027 
153,756 
(45,729) 
-29.74 
Net performing exposures 
87,788,409 
87,181,144 
607,265 
0.70 
Total net exposure 
88,962,488 
88,224,354 
738,134 
0.84 
 
As at 30 June 2024, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,339.2 million (Euro 
1,153.9 million at 31 December 2023; +16.06%), for a coverage ratio of 53.28% (52.52% at 31 December 
2023), while the provisions for performing loans amounted to Euro 638.1 million (Euro 653.3 million at 31 
December 2023; -2.32%) and give a non-performing coverage ratio of 0.72% (0.74% at 31 December 2023). 
The total coverage ratio is 2.17%, up compared with the figure as at 31 December 2023 (2.01%).  
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Loans to customers 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
79,246,571 
77,707,597 
78,414,497 
77,018,983 
1.06 
0.89 
1.94 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
241,401 
235,673 
320,045 
313,955 
-24.57 
-24.93 
2.37 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
3,702,675 
3,641,746 
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
6.50 
6.11 
1.65 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
6,980,156 
6,855,346 
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
-0.48 
-0.75 
1.79 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
65,714 
65,339 
39,932 
39,678 
64.56 
64.67 
0.57 
Total banks 
90,236,517 
88,505,701 
89,265,019 
87,711,570 
1.09 
0.91 
1.92 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
3,265,623 
3,051,319 
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
-2.97 
-3.13 
6.56 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
1,939,347 
1,915,233 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
-11.45 
-11.36 
1.24 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
433,293 
425,231 
470,076 
461,403 
-7.82 
-7.84 
1.86 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
- 
- 
271 
271 
-100.00 
-100.00 
- 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
(4,934,996) 
(4,934,996) 
 
 
 
 
adjustments 
(5,259,513) 
(5,259,513) 
-6.17 
-6.17 
- 
Balance sheet total 
90,939,784 
88,962,488 
90,031,527 
88,224,354 
1.01 
0.84 
2.17 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Non-performing loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,983,696 
974,591 
1,695,781 
854,646 
16.98 
14.03 
50.87 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
8,161 
2,757 
7,910 
2,583 
3.17 
6.74 
66.22

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
79,261 
36,454 
65,018 
36,363 
21.91 
0.25 
54.01 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
154,767 
77,719 
128,821 
65,352 
20.14 
18.92 
49.78 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
511 
345 
626 
455 
-18.37 
-24.18 
32.49 
Total banks 
2,226,396 
1,091,866 
1,898,156 
959,399 
17.29 
13.81 
50.96 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
236,490 
57,304 
247,152 
61,743 
-4.31 
-7.19 
75.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
43,948 
22,465 
44,835 
19,522 
-1.98 
15.08 
48.88 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,414 
2,444 
6,946 
2,546 
-7.66 
-4.01 
61.90 
Balance sheet total 
2,513,248 
1,174,079 
2,197,089 
1,043,210 
14.39 
12.54 
53.28 
Non-performing loans 
(balance sheet total)/Loans 
2.76% 
1.32% 
2.44% 
1.18% 
 
 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,174.1 million (+12.54% on 31 December 2023), equate to 1.32% 
of total net loans to customers (1.18% at 31 December 2023), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-
performing loans to loans to customers equates to 2.76% (2.44% at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of non-performing loans of 53.28% has increased compared with 31 December 2023 (52.52%). 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Bad loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
479,899 
178,959 
404,839 
138,964 
18.54 
28.78 
62.71 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,728 
20 
1,683 
13 
2.67 
53.85 
98.84 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
11,539 
3,038 
6,023 
1,654 
91.58 
83.68 
73.67 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
33,379 
9,580 
25,258 
7,455 
32.15 
28.50 
71.30 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
56 
15 
9 
3 522.22 
400.00 
73.21 
Total banks 
526,601 
191,612 
437,812 
148,089 
20.28 
29.39 
63.61 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
161,538 
22,202 
167,158 
22,443 
-3.36 
-1.07 
86.26 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
19,564 
1,412 
24,267 
3,289 
-19.38 
-57.07 
92.78 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,412 
678 
2,776 
768 
-13.11 
-11.72 
71.89 
Balance sheet total 
710,115 
215,904 
632,013 
174,589 
12.36 
23.66 
69.60 
Bad loans (Balance sheet 
total)/ Loans to customers 
0.78% 
0.24% 
0.70% 
0.20% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 215.9 million (+23.66% compared with 31 December 2023), accounting for 
0.24% of total net loans to customers (0.20% at 31 December 2023), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio 
of bad loans to total loans to customers comes to 0.78% (0.70% at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of bad loans is 69.60%, down from 72.38% as at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,430,706 
743,572 
1,171,617 
623,658 
22.11 
19.23 
48.03 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
5,881 
2,331 
5,837 
2,287 
0.75 
1.92 
60.36 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
37,615 
14,592 
28,406 
15,803 
32.42 
-7.66 
61.21 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
101,536 
54,110 
83,072 
42,740 
22.23 
26.60 
46.71 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
331 
225 
450 
317 
-26.44 
-29.02 
32.02 
Total banks 
1,576,069 
814,830 
1,289,382 
684,805 
22.23 
18.99 
48.30 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
67,988 
30,363 
54,487 
25,732 
24.78 
18.00 
55.34 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,283 
4,007 
6,741 
3,212 
-6.79 
24.75 
36.22 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,486 
948 
2,944 
1,116 
-15.56 
-15.05 
61.87 
Balance sheet total 
1,652,826 
850,148 
1,353,554 
714,865 
22.11 
18.92 
48.56 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
1.82% 
0.96% 
1.50% 
0.81% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 850.1 million (+18.92% on 31 December 2023), representing 0.96% of 
total net loans to customers (0.81% at 31 December 2023), while, on a gross basis, the ratio is 1.82% (1.50% 
at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has increased to 48.56%, compared with 47.19% at 31 December 2023. 
 
(in thousands of Euro)

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Past due loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
73,091 
52,060 
119,325 
92,024 
-38.75 
-43.43 
28.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
552 
406 
390 
283 
41.54 
43.46 
26.45 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
30,107 
18,824 
30,589 
18,906 
-1.58 
-0.43 
37.48 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
19,852 
14,029 
20,491 
15,157 
-3.12 
-7.44 
29.33 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
124 
105 
167 
135 
-25.75 
-22.22 
15.32 
Total banks 
123,726 
85,424 
170,962 
126,505 
-27.63 
-32.47 
30.96 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
6,964 
4,739 
25,507 
13,568 
-72.70 
-65.07 
31.95 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
18,101 
17,046 
13,827 
13,021 
30.91 
30.91 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,516 
818 
1,226 
662 
23.65 
23.56 
46.04 
Balance sheet total 
150,307 
108,027 
211,522 
153,756 
-28.94 
-29.74 
28.13 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.17% 
0.12% 
0.23% 
0.17% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 108.0 million (-29.74% compared with 31 December 2023) 
represents 0.12% of total net loans to customers (0.17% at 31 December 2023), whereas on a gross basis 
the ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 0.17% (0.23% at 31 December 2023). The coverage 
of past due loans is 28.13% (27.31% at 31 December 2023).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of 
economic activity: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Distribution of loans 
30.06.2024 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,007,811 
1.13 
B. Mining and quarrying 
75,900 
0.09 
C. Manufacturing 
13,061,946 
14.68 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,882 
1.15 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
780,146 
0.88 
F. Construction 
2,765,048 
3.11 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
6,949,330 
7.81 
H. Transport and storage 
1,478,323 
1.66 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,594,258 
1.79 
J. Information and communication 
1,168,101 
1.31 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
80,085 
0.09 
L. Real estate 
3,692,517 
4.15 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,896,794 
3.26 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,313,820 
1.48 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
2 
- 
P. Education 
48,539 
0.05 
Q. Health and welfare 
552,996 
0.62 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
204,358 
0.23 
S. Other services 
637,416 
0.72 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,328,272 
44.21 
Individuals and other not included above 
42,035,321 
47.24 
Financial companies 
4,706,161 
5.29 
Insurance 
94,215 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,798,519 
3.15 
Total loans 
88,962,488 
100.00

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the net interbank 
position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
10,938,266 
16,058,404 
(5,120,138) 
-31.88 
- Loans 
1,661,081 
2,885,583 
(1,224,502) 
-42.44 
1. Current accounts and deposits 
76,611 
234,376 
(157,765) 
-67.31 
2. Repurchase agreements 
302,711 
358,702 
(55,991) 
-15.61 
3. Compulsory reserve 
1,036,703 
1,347,747 
(311,044) 
-23.08 
4. Other 
245,056 
944,758 
(699,702) 
-74.06 
- Current accounts and demand deposits 
9,277,185 
13,172,821 
(3,895,636) 
-29.57 
1. with Central Banks 
8,155,778 
12,706,014 
(4,550,236) 
-35.81 
2. with Banks 
1,121,407 
466,807 
654,600 
140.23 
B. Due to banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Total (A-B) 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
9,125,901 
-153.58 
 
The net interbank position as at 31 December 2023 improved by Euro 9,125.9 million compared to 31 December 
2022. As at 31 December 2023, investments decreased in “overnight” deposits at Central Banks which, as at 
31 December 2023, amounted to Euro 8,155.8 million (-35.81% compared to 31 December 2022) due to lower 
cash and cash equivalents to be invested as a result of repayments at maturity of three tranches of TLTRO. 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
- Loans 
1. Current accounts and deposits 
2. Repurchase agreements 
3. Compulsory reserve 
4. Other 
- Current accounts and demand 
deposits 
1.with Central Banks 
2. with Banks 
B. Due to banks 
9,441,736
1,573,342
37,550 
308,138 
993,111 
234,543 
7,868,394
7,555,713
312,681
5,334,790
10,938,266 
1,661,081 
76,611 
302,711 
1,036,703 
245,056 
9,277,185 
8,155,778 
1,121,407 
7,754,450 
(1,496,530) 
(87,739) 
(39,061) 
5,427 
(43,592) 
(10,513) 
(1,408,791) 
(600,065) 
(808,726) 
(2,419,660) 
-13.68
-5.28
-50.99
1.79
-4.20
-4.29
-15.19
-7.36
-72.12
-31.20
Total (A-B) 
4,106,946 
3,183,816 
923,130 
28.99
 
The net interbank position as at 30 June 2024 improved by Euro 923.1 million compared to 31 December 2023. 
As at 30 June 2024, a decrease was observed in “overnight” deposits with Central Banks which, as at 30 June 
2024, amounted to Euro 7,555.7 million (-7.36% compared to 31 December 2023) due to lower cash and cash 
equivalents to be invested taking into account that the latest TLTRO tranche came to maturity in the first half 
of the year (Euro 1,670 million).

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table shows BPER’s transactions with the ECB as at 31 December 2023. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Refinancing operations with the European Central Bank 
Principal 
Maturity 
Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) - BPER 
Banca 
1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
1,670 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the BPER Group had TLTRO III loans outstanding for an amount of Euro 1,670 
million. 
On 29 March 2023, the auction with value date 25 March 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 
800 million. 
On 28 June 2023, the auction with value date 24 June 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 
9,700 million. 
On 27 September 2023, the auction with value date 30 September 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount 
of Euro 3,710 million. 
The following table shows BPER’s Counterbalancing Capacity as at 31 December 2023. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Guarantee 
value 
Encumbered 
portion 
Unencumbered 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
30,100 
8,587 
21,513 
- 
of 
which 
Securities 
and 
loans 
transferred to the Pooling Account 
8,430 
1,705 
6,725 
 
At 31 December 2023, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for 
refinancing at the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 30,100 million 
(Euro 33,512 million at 30 September 2023). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,513 million (Euro 
22,659 million at 30 September 2023). Of the amount held in the Treasury, as at 31 December 2023, a total 
of Euro 8,430 million, refinanced for Euro 1,705 million, therefore with Euro 6,725 million still available, is 
attributable to the Pooling Account (as at 30 September 2023 securities eligible for refinancing totalling Euro 
11,227 million were held in the Pooling Account, refinanced for Euro 1,688 million, therefore with Euro 9,539 
million still available). 
As at 30 June 2024, the BPER Group has no TLTRO-III or other transactions in place with the ECB. 
The following table gives details of BPER's Counterbalancing Capacity as at 30 June 2024. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Guarantee 
value 
Encumbered 
portion 
Unencumbered 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
26,192 
4,263 
21,929 
- 
of 
which 
Securities 
and 
loans 
transferred to the Pooling Account 
5,693 
- 
5,693 
 
At 30 June 2024, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing at 
the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 26,192 million (Euro 30,100 
million at 31 December 2023). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,929 million (Euro 21,513 million 
at 31 December 2023). Of the amount held in the Treasury, as at 30 June 2024, a total of Euro 5,693 million, 
not refinanced and hence entirely available, is attributable to the Pooling account (as at 31 December 2023 
securities eligible for refinancing totalling Euro 8,430 million were held in the Pooling Account, refinanced for 
Euro 1,705 million, therefore with Euro 6,725 million still available).

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Funding 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the funding 
position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
94,485,148 
102,489,461 
(8,004,313) 
-7.81 
Time deposits 
3,342,264 
1,221,563 
2,120,701 
173.61 
Repurchase agreements 
2,087,467 
- 
2,087,467 
n.s. 
Lease liabilities 
313,188 
349,651 
(36,463) 
-10.43 
Other short-term loans 
4,626,485 
3,354,268 
1,272,217 
37.93 
Bonds 
11,163,577 
6,307,775 
4,855,802 
76.98 
- subscribed for by institutional customers 
10,528,372 
5,983,336 
4,545,036 
75.96 
- subscribed for by ordinary customers 
635,205 
324,439 
310,766 
95.79 
Certificates 
2,009,641 
879,198 
1,130,443 
128.58 
Certificates of deposit 
738,892 
229,116 
509,776 
222.50 
Direct deposits from customers 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure) 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
- of which under management 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
4,647,745 
7.67 
- of which under administration 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
5,498,298 
7.02 
Customer funds under administration 
267,787,903 
253,706,230 
14,081,673 
5.55 
Deposits from banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Funds under administration or management 
275,542,353 
275,706,719 
(164,366) 
-0.06 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 118,766.7 million have increased by 3.43% since 31 December 2022. 
Among the various technical forms, the main item to record a negative balance change was current accounts 
and demand deposits, with Euro -8,004.3 million (-7.81%), which was more than offset by the increase in 
fixed-term forms of funding: time deposits of Euro 2,120.7 million, repurchase agreements of Euro 2,087.5 
million, bonds of Euro 4,855.8 million (+76.98%), the latter as a result of new BPER Banca 2023 bond issues 
for institutional customers, and certificates for an amount of Euro 1,130.4 (+128.58%). 
Indirect deposits, marked to market, amount to Euro 149,021.2 million, up by Euro 10,146.0 million (7.31%) 
compared to 31 December 2022, given the positive effect on market prices. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 7,754.5 
million) amount to Euro 275,542.4 million. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
106,131,423 
102,208,104 
3,923,319 
3.84 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
422,804 
603,465 
(180,661) 
-29.94 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
264,124 
262,666 
1,458 
0.56 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
11,964,113 
11,741,914 
222,199 
1.89 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
257,834 
289,381 
(31,547) 
-10.90 
Total banks 
119,040,298 
115,105,530 
3,934,768 
3.42 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(273,636) 
(274,498) 
862 
-0.31 
Total 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
1,681,160 
1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
1,681,160 
1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
 
The subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,681.2 million, have increased by 2.09% 
compared with 31 December 2022. As was the case in December 2022, there are no convertible 
subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
127,758,364 
120,395,078 
7,363,286 
6.12

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,589,947 
1,623,374 
(33,427) 
-2.06 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
5,385,331 
4,444,970 
940,361 
21.16 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
1,023,505 
915,096 
108,409 
11.85 
Total banks 
135,757,147 
127,378,518 
8,378,629 
6.58 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
36,930,675 
31,804,032 
5,126,643 
16.12 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(23,666,581) 
(20,307,352) 
(3,359,229) 
16.54 
Total 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
92,906,925 
94,485,148 
(1,578,223) 
-1.67 
Time deposits 
3,841,928 
3,342,264 
499,664 
14.95 
Repurchase agreements 
1,660,349 
2,087,467 
(427,118) 
-20.46 
Lease liabilities 
423,893 
313,188 
110,705 
35.35 
Other liabilities 
5,545,578 
4,626,485 
919,093 
19.87 
Bonds 
9,472,231 
11,163,577 
(1,691,346) 
-15.15 
- subscribed for by institutional customers 
8,928,242 
10,528,372 
(1,600,130) 
-15.20 
- subscribed for by ordinary customers 
543,989 
635,205 
(91,216) 
-14.36 
Certificates 
2,410,825 
2,009,641 
401,184 
19.96 
Certificates of deposit 
1,303,025 
738,892 
564,133 
76.35 
Direct deposits from customers 
117,564,754 
118,766,662 
(1,201,908) 
-1.01 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure) 
158,107,903 
149,021,241 
9,086,662 
6.10 
- of which under management 
68,582,707 
65,244,865 
3,337,842 
5.12 
- of which under custody 
89,525,196 
83,776,376 
5,748,820 
6.86 
Customer funds under custody 
275,672,657 
267,787,903 
7,884,754 
2.94 
Deposits from banks 
5,334,790 
7,754,450 
(2,419,660) 
-31.20 
Funds under custody or management 
281,007,447 
275,542,353 
5,465,094 
1.98 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 117,564.8 million have decreased by 1.01% since 31 December 2023. 
Among the various technical forms, the main items to record a negative balance change were: bonds for an 
amount of Euro -1,691.3 million (-15.15%) as a result of the repayment of some transactions with institutional 
counterparties; current accounts and demand deposits for an amount of Euro -1,578.2 million (-1.67%); repos 
for an amount of Euro -427.1 million (-20.46%). By contrast, time deposits were up by Euro 499.7 million 
(+14.95%), certificates were up by Euro 401.2 million (+19.96%) as a result of the new bond issuances of the 
Parent Company, BPER Banca, in the first half of 2024, certificates of deposit were up by Euro 564.1 million 
(+76.35%) and Other liabilities grew by Euro 919.1 million (+19.87%) primarily in connection with short-term 
forms of funding (Cold Money). 
Indirect customer deposits, marked to market, amounted to Euro 158,107.9 million, up by Euro 9,086.7 million 
(+6.10%) compared to 31 December 2023, given the positive market trend recorded in the period. 
Total funds under custody or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 5,334.8 million) 
amount to Euro 281,007.4 million. 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
104,072,798 
106,131,423 
(2,058,625) 
-1.94 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
289,827 
422,804 
(132,977) 
-31.45 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
257,956 
264,124 
(6,168) 
-2.34 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
11,771,413 
11,964,113 
(192,700) 
-1.61 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
1,309,719 
257,834 
1,051,885 
407.97 
Total banks 
117,701,713 
119,040,298 
(1,338,585) 
-1.12 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
(136,959) 
(273,636) 
136,677 
-49.95 
Total 
117,564,754 
118,766,662 
(1,201,908) 
-1.01 
 
Direct funding includes subordinated liabilities:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1,667,724 
1,681,160 
(13,436) 
-0.80 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
1,667,724 
1,681,160 
(13,436) 
-0.80 
 
Subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,667.7 million, have decreased by 0.80% compared 
with 31 December 2023. As was the case in December 2023, there are no convertible subordinated liabilities 
at 30 June 2024. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Indirect deposits 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
110,945,351 
127,758,364 
(16,813,013) 
-13.16 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
672,944 
1,589,947 
(917,003) 
-57.68 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
6,077,161 
5,385,331 
691,830 
12.85 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
25,960,896 
1,023,505 
24,937,391 
-- 
Total banks 
143,656,352 
135,757,147 
7,899,205 
5.82 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
39,669,265 
36,930,675 
2,738,590 
7.42 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
(25,217,714) 
(23,666,581) 
(1,551,133) 
6.55 
Total 
158,107,903 
149,021,241 
9,086,662 
6.10

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment firms contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and in the 
2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014. 
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(“CRR2”) and Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV) of 20 May 2019, 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
CRR2 Regulation applies from 28 June 2021. 
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy’s Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates. 
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting purposes: 
companies excluded are treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to significant influence 
and consolidated under the equity method. 
As at 30 June 2024, the BPER Banca Group has internal models in use for measuring the capital requirements 
relating to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The perimeter includes: 
• 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca (ECB authorisation of 24 June 2016); 
• 
Banca Carige and subsidiaries (approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company on 7 July 
2022 and subsequently transmitted to the ECB); 
• 
former Cassa di risparmio di Saluzzo, former UBI Banca and former Unipol Banca (ECB authorisation 
of 16 February 2023 29 June 2023)9. 
By decision dated 24 November 2023 (Identification for 2024 of other systemically important institutions 
authorized to operate in Italy), the Bank of Italy identified the Issuer as an “Other Systemically Important 
Institution” (“O-SII”) authorized to operate in Italy. Therefore, the Bank of Italy mandated the Issuer to apply a 
capital buffer of 0.125% of its total risk-weighted exposure from 1 January 2024 and of 0.25% from 1 January 
2025. 
On 30 November 2023, after completing the annual SREP prudential review and evaluation process, BPER 
Banca received notification from the ECB of the latest prudential requirements to be met on a consolidated basis 
pursuant to art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013. 
Based on the outcome of the SREP assessment conducted in 2023 with reference date 31 December 2022 and 
any other relevant information received thereafter, the ECB has established that, with effect from 1 January 
2024, BPER shall maintain a minimum consolidated capital ratio in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 of 8.54%, 
consisting of the sum of the minimum regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement 
of 1.38%10 and the Combined Buffer Requirement of 2.66%11. 
Capital requirements to be met by 30 June 2024 are listed below: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio: of 8.44%, being the sum of Pillar 1 minimum regulatory requirement 
pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (4.50%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in 
accordance with art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 1.27%12), plus the 
combined buffer requirement in accordance with art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed 
into national law (2.67%13); 
 
9  
The former Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo and former UBI Banca exposures fall under the new system starting from the Supervisory 
Reports as of 31 March 2023; the former Unipol exposures fall under the Supervisory Reports of 30 June 2023 
10  The Pillar 2 additional own funds requirement is 2.45% (including NPE P2R add-on equal to 0.20%) to be held in the form of 56.25% 
of CET1 capital and 75% of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. 
11  The Combined Buffer Requirement is made up of the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%), the O-SII Buffer (0.125%) and the 
Countercyclical Capital Buffer (0.03% as at 30 September 2023). 
12  The additional Pillar 2 requirement communicated by the ECB to BPER on 30 November 2023 in the Final SREP Letter was 2.45%, 
to be held in the form of 56.25% of CET1 capital as a minimum. The P2R add-on relative to the NPE Coverage Expectation of 0.20% 
has been zeroed from 31 March 2024. As a consequence, the additional Pillar 2 requirement is 2.25% (of which at least 56.25% to be 
held in the form of CET1). 
13  The Combined Buffer Requirement is made up of the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%), the O-SII Buffer (0.125%) and the 
Countercyclical Capital Buffer (0.0432% as at 30 June 2024).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
• 
Tier 1 Ratio: of 10.36%, being the sum of the minimum requirement pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation 
(EU) 575/2013 (6.00%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in accordance with art. 16 of Regulation 
(EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 1.69%14), plus the combined buffer requirement in accordance 
with art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national law (2.67%); 
• 
Total Capital Ratio: of 12.92%, being the sum of the minimum requirement pursuant to art. 92 of 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (8.00%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in accordance with art. 
16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 2.25%), plus the combined buffer requirement 
in accordance with art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national law (2.67%). 
In accordance with regulations for the prudential supervision of banks, failure to comply with the CET1 Ratio 
and Total Capital Ratio minimum requirements would lead to limitations on the distribution of earnings and the 
need to adopt a plan for the conservation of capital. 
The amount of available equity (Fully Phased-in CET1) as at 30 June 2024 is quantified at Euro 3,644 million 
(roughly 682 b.p. of CET1). 
With regard to the above, the CET1 amount was calculated by including the portion of the profit for the period 
that can be allocated to equity, amounting to Euro 299.4 million, as determined in accordance with the process 
envisaged in art. 3 of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 575/2013 (CRR) for its inclusion. 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements 
for regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
 
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2022 
Fully Phased 
Change 
% Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital - CET1 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
1,356,308 
21.26 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
150,352 
150,435 
(83) 
-0.06 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
7,886,655 
6,530,430 
1,356,225 
20.77 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 - T2) 
1,777,200 
1,761,978 
15,222 
0.86 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
1,371,447 
16.54 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
512,521 
0.97 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
+242 bps 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
+242 bps 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
+241 bps 
 
RWA/Total assets 
37.64% 
34.79% 
+285 bps 
 
 
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group’s capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 2024. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
 
30.06.2024 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
Changes 
% Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital – CET1 
8,153,163 
7,736,303 
416,860 
5.39 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
645,773 
150,352 
495,421 
329.51 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
8,798,936 
7,886,655 
912,281 
11.57 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 – T2) 
1,780,462 
1,777,200 
3,262 
0.18 
Total Own Funds 
10,579,398 
9,663,855 
915,543 
9.47 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,416,782 
53,501,799 
(85,017) 
-0.16 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
15.26% 
14.46% 
+80 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
16.47% 
14.74% 
+173 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
19.81% 
18.06% 
+175 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
38.32% 
37.64% 
+68 bps 
 
The capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: 
 
14  The additional Pillar 2 requirement communicated by the ECB to BPER on 30 November 2023 in the Final SREP Letter was 2.45%, 
to be held in the form of 75% of Tier 1 capital as a minimum. The P2R add-on relative to the NPE Coverage Expectation of 0.20% 
has been zeroed from 31 March 2024. As a consequence, the additional Pillar 2 requirement is 2.25% (of which at least 75% to be 
held in the form of Tier 1).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.46% (12.04% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.74% (12.32% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 18.06% (15.65% as at 31 December 2022). 
The capital ratios as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 15.26% (14.46% as at 31 December 2023); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 16.47% (14.74% as at 31 December 2023); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 19.81% (18.06% as at 31 December 2023). 
Note that the BPER Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are summarised 
below: 
• credit risk - for Group entities represented by BPER, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, credit risk is 
measured using the AIRB approach. For Banks and other Companies that are not in the scope of 
validation and for other risk assets not included in the validated models, the standardised approach 
has been maintained; 
• credit adjustment risk - the standardised approach is used; 
• market risk - the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk 
on equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for units in investment funds) to 
determine the related separate and consolidated capital requirement; 
• operational risk - operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA).

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2023 compared with 31 
December 2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
1,425,924 
78.09 
40+50 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
68,346 
3.52 
70 
Dividends 
30,884 
22,124 
8,760 
39.60 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
(39,680) 
-28.40 
230 
Other operating expense/income 
100,737 
328,532 
(227,795) 
-69.34 
 
Operating income 
5,493,906 
4,258,351 
1,235,555 
29.01 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,980,567) 
(1,682,286) 
(298,281) 
17.73 
190 b) 
Other administrative expenses 
(833,193) 
(877,808) 
44,615 
-5.08 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment and 
(263,564) 
(227,672) 
(35,892) 
15.76 
 
intangible assets 
 
 
 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
(289,558) 
10.39 
 
Net operating income 
2,416,582 
1,470,585 
945,997 
64.33 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at amortised 
cost 
(436,261) 
(606,059) 
169,798 
-28.02 
 
- loans to customers 
(425,583) 
(582,815) 
157,232 
-26.98 
 
- other financial assets 
(10,678) 
(23,244) 
12,566 
-54.06 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair value 
(57) 
(442) 
385 
-87.10 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications 
without derecognition 
3,006 
(139) 
3,145 
- 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(433,312) 
(606,640) 
173,328 
-28.57 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(62,481) 
(132,256) 
69,775 
-52.76 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF – VS 
(161,241) 
(172,423) 
11,182 
-6.49 
250+260+270+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
(34,905) 
(7,745) 
(27,160) 
350.68 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
948,123 
(948,123) 
-100.00 
290 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
224,999 
15.00 
300 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
(172,874) 
(25,764) 
(147,110) 
570.99 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
77,889 
5.28 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(32,273) 
(24,905) 
(7,368) 
29.58 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent 
Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
70,521 
4.87 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 30 June 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
30.06.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
1,682,472 
1,544,969 
137,503 
8.90 
40+50 
Net commission income 
1,014,738 
975,858 
38,880 
3.98 
70 
Dividends 
37,093 
25,135 
11,958 
47.58 
### 
Gains (losses) of equity investments consolidated 
(1,271) 
16,677 
(17,948) 
-107.62 
 
under the equity method 
 
 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
10,293 
53,948 
(43,655) 
-80.92 
230 
Other operating expense/income 
14,725 
32,639 
(17,914) 
-54.89 
 
Operating income 
2,758,050 
2,649,226 
108,824 
4.11 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,060,157) 
(860,041) 
(200,116) 
23.27 
190 b) 
Other administrative expenses 
(377,266) 
(365,109) 
(12,157) 
3.33 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment 
(132,250) 
(115,017) 
(17,233) 
14.98 
 
and intangible assets 
 
 
 
Operating costs 
(1,569,673) 
(1,340,167) 
(229,506) 
17.13 
 
Net operating income 
1,188,377 
1,309,059 
(120,682) 
-9.22 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at 
amortised cost 
(174,447) 
(269,330) 
94,883 
-35.23 
 
- loans to customers 
(180,864) 
(271,225) 
90,361 
-33.32 
 
- other financial assets 
6,417 
1,895 
4,522 
238.63 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair 
value 
(44) 
498 
(542) 
-108.84 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications 
(655) 
2,896 
(3,551) 
-122.62 
 
without derecognition 
 
 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(175,146) 
(265,936) 
90,790 
-34.14 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(11,005) 
(65,386) 
54,381 
-83.17 
250+260+270+280 Gains (Losses) on investments 
151,327 
(7,346) 
158,673 
-- 
 
Profit (Loss) from current operations 
1,153,553 
970,391 
183,162 
18.88

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, FITD - SVI 
(109,564) 
(49,484) 
(60,080) 
121.41 
290 
Profit (Loss) before tax 
1,043,989 
920,907 
123,082 
13.37 
300 
Income taxes for the period 
(302,812) 
(201,396) 
(101,416) 
50.36 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the period 
741,177 
719,511 
21,666 
3.01 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to minority 
interests 
(17,005) 
(14,960) 
(2,045) 
13.67 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to the 
Parent Company 
724,172 
704,551 
19,621 
2.78

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Identification of risks, underlying uncertainties and the approach to manage them 
The BPER Group identifies the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) as a tool for overseeing the risk profile that 
the Group intends to take in the implementation of its business strategies, considering it as an essential 
element to ensure that the risk governance policy and process by which risks are managed comply with the 
principles of sound and prudent business management. The RAF provides the frame of reference that, in line 
with the maximum acceptable risk, defines the business model and strategic plan, risk appetite, tolerance 
thresholds, risk limits, risk management policies and the key processes needed to define and implement them. 
The key principles of the RAF are formalised and approved by the Parent Company, which periodically reviews 
them, ensuring that they are in line with the strategic guidelines, business model and regulatory requirements 
in force at any given time. The RAF is a coordinated set of methodologies, processes, policies, controls and 
systems that make it possible to establish, communicate and monitor the Group’s risk appetite. In line with the 
regulatory guidelines15, the Group adopts mechanisms aimed at allowing effective integration of the risk 
appetite with management activities. In particular, the Group consistently reconciles its RAF, business model, 
strategic plan, Capital, Funding and NPE Plan, ICAAP, ILAAP and budget. 
The BPER Group expresses its risk appetite with reference to the risks identified in the “Group Risk Map”. This 
document illustrates the risks that may have significant impacts on the Group’s capital adequacy and profits, 
preventing or limiting the Group from fully achieving its strategic and operating objectives. 
The Group constantly monitors the actual risk values (Risk Profile) of RAF metrics with respect to the 
established risk appetite and thresholds, in order to intercept any overruns and trigger the required escalation 
processes by addressing the necessary communications to the Corporate Bodies and identify subsequent 
remedial actions. 
The system of thresholds defined by the BPER Group expresses risk appetite through the values of risk 
objectives (Risk Appetite). 
Early Warning thresholds, Risk Tolerance thresholds and Risk Limits are set to ensure, in any case, that the 
Group has sufficient margins to operate, including under stress conditions, within the maximum risk than can 
be assumed (Risk Capacity). 
RAF management includes the following activities: 
• identification of the risks to be evaluated that may have significant impacts on the economic, financial 
and equity equilibrium of the Group (Group Risk Map); 
• identification of the elements through which the Group expresses its risk appetite level to achieve its 
strategic objectives (areas of analysis, metrics, thresholds and risks for which it is considered 
appropriate to define qualitative guidelines for monitoring); 
• definition of threshold calibration and quantification rules; 
• formalisation of decisions taken in the RAS (Risk Appetite Statement) domain; 
• verification of trends in the actual risk values (Risk Profile) of the RAF metrics with respect to the 
established risk appetite and thresholds; 
• definition and activation of specific escalation processes in the event of a breach of thresholds with 
timely reporting to the Corporate Bodies and intervention measures differentiated by breach 
significance; 
• preparation of periodic reporting aimed at providing, on a quarterly basis, a summary overview of the 
evolution of the actual risk values with respect to the thresholds defined. 
The BPER Group, in compliance with prudential supervisory regulations, periodically performs an accurate 
identification of the risks to which it is or could be exposed by taking account of its operations and reference 
markets. 
This activity is the result of an integrated and ongoing recognition process carried out centrally by the Parent 
Company, which also envisages (if deemed necessary in relation to any developments and/or changes in the 
 
15  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
business model) the involvement of the individual legal entities included in the Group’s scope of consolidation, 
in order to enhance their role in relation to individual and specific operational features. In this regard, the Group 
Risk Map is viewed as having management and risk governance purposes, making it the cornerstone of the 
Internal Control System. 
The risk identification process involves periodic updating of the “Map of Group Risks”, which illustrates the 
relative position of the Bank with respect to Pillar 1 and 2 risks16, with a point-in-time and forward-looking 
perspective, in order to foresee any risks capable of impacting the operations of the Group or of its legal entities. 
In line with the RAF defined by the Parent Company, for risks identified as significant, the Board of Directors of 
BPER sets, with a special policy, the risk objectives, the related risk exposure and operational limits and the 
process of risk assumption and management. 
In line with the “Group Policy on the Internal control system”, the Corporate Bodies have a central role in 
the process of risk governance, providing for certain responsibilities with regard to the design, implementation, 
evaluation and external communication, as part of the development of the Group’s system of internal controls. 
The Parent Company’s Board of Directors therefore performs the strategic supervision function at Group level, 
intervening in all phases envisaged by the model and, by means of strategic directives, involving the Boards of 
Directors of the individual Group Banks and Companies for the activities that are their responsibility, i.e.: 
• it gives the CEO adequate powers and resources to implement the strategic guidelines, the RAF and 
risk governance policies defined by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company in the design of the 
internal control system and is responsible for taking all the necessary steps to ensure that the 
organisation and its internal control system comply with the principles and requirements laid down in 
regulatory provisions, monitoring compliance on an ongoing basis; 
• receives, either directly or through the CEO, the information flows required to gain full awareness of 
the various risk factors and the ability to govern them, so as to plan and implement interventions to 
ensure the compliance and adequacy of the Internal Control System. 
For said purpose, the Chief Executive Officer, in relation to the Group as a whole and its members, with the help 
of the competent structures, implements the necessary initiatives and activities to continuously guarantee the 
completeness, adequacy, functionality and reliability of the internal control system. 
The Boards of Statutory Auditors17 of the Parent Company and of the Group companies, each to the extent of 
its own responsibilities, perform their assignments as foreseen by the law and the articles of association and 
have the responsibility of ensuring the completeness, suitability and functionality of the internal control system 
and of the RAF. The results are brought to the attention of the respective Boards of Directors. 
The Board of Directors of each Group company assigns a mandate to its own corporate structures to 
implement, in its own corporate set-up, the decisions taken by the Parent Company. 
Internal board committees and other internal committees set up by the Boards of Directors of the Parent 
Company and of the Group companies are also involved in the overall Internal Control System, whose 
composition and functioning are defined in the relevant regulation approved by the Board itself. 
The internal board committees are dedicated to the in-depth analysis of specialist topics and have inquiry, 
advisory and proposal-making duties in support of the Board of Directors, while the Internal Committees 
provide advice and support to the Management Body. 
In particular, the Risks (managerial) Committee, a body with consultative powers, assists the Chief Executive 
Officer in the determination and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework, of risk governance policies 
and of the capital and liquidity adequacy process for the Group and Group Companies. 
 
 
 
16  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013, Title III, Chapter 1 - Attachment D. 
17  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013, first part, Title IV, Chapter 3 “The body with control function is responsible for monitoring 
the completeness, adequacy, functionality and reliability of the internal control system and the RAF”.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Credit Risk 
With regard to credit risk, the metrics of the internal rating system are used for management reporting purposes. 
More specifically: 
• a Credit Risk Report is prepared for management every quarter and the results are included in the 
quarterly risk report, which is then sent to Top Management and the various Corporate Bodies of the 
Parent Company and of Group Banks and Companies. The information is discussed by the Risks 
Committee and presented by the Chief Risk Officer to the Control and Risk Committee and the Board 
of Directors of the Parent Company; 
• a summary report is prepared for the Top Management of the Parent Company and of Group Banks 
and Companies on a monthly basis, including the monitoring of supervisory thresholds set for credit 
and concentration risk; 
• a network reporting tool is prepared, characterised by different views of the loan portfolio, with different 
levels of data aggregation (Branch, Regional Department, General Management, Bank and Group) 
and hierarchical visibility cones. 
Financial Risk 
With regard to financial risk management, an analytical system is used to measure, monitor and report on 
market, counterparty, liquidity and interest-rate risks. The Group’s policy for managing the securities portfolio, 
market risk, interest rate risk (ALM) and liquidity and funding risk is defined by the Finance Committee. 
Operational reports are prepared on the risks profiles, with frequencies varying from daily to monthly, 
depending on the characteristics of each risk that is monitored. Every quarter, an overall report on financial 
risks is presented to the Risks Committee, the Risk Control Committee, the Board of Directors of the Parent 
Company and, for the areas within their remit, to the Boards of Directors of the Group companies. 
Operational risk 
As regards the governance of operational risk, the BPER Group applies the Traditional Standardised Approach 
(TSA) to calculate the capital requirement for operational risk18. 
The Own Funds requirement is calculated by determining the three-year average of the sum of the annual Own 
Funds requirement for the lines of business in which the relevant indicator was classified19. 
The model of operational risk governance and management adopted by the BPER Group, designed to identify, 
assess, monitor, mitigate and report operational risks to the appropriate hierarchical levels, is formalised in 
specific internal rules. It provides for centralised management at the Parent Company by the Operational, ICT 
& Reputational Risk service, which relies on the support from a Contact of the Risk Function in place at all 
Group banks and companies. 
The operational risk management and measurement system adopted by the BPER Group is ensured by: 
• Loss Data Collection: system for collecting and filing the loss events that derive from operational risks, 
supported by dedicated IT tools under constant development that ensure the completeness, accuracy 
and quality of the data gathered; 
• measurement of operating risks via the Risk Self-Assessment, in order to determine over a one-
year time horizon the prospective level of exposure to operating risks and assess the adequacy of 
processes and line controls; 
• measurement of risk by determining the level of capital absorption by operating risk from both a 
regulatory (own funds) and an operational standpoint (economic capital); 
• system of reporting and communication to the Board of Directors and Senior Management, together 
with procedures to undertake appropriate mitigation actions based on the information flows sent. 
 
18  
This choice was made starting from reporting of data as at 31 December 2013. 
19  
See CRR – Part three, Title III, Chapter 3, art. 317.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Together, the analysis of loss data collection and the measurement of operational risks make it possible to 
identify areas of vulnerability in which operating losses are more concentrated, in order to understand the 
underlying causes and highlight the opportunity for corrective actions, including insurance cover (external 
transfer of risk). 
The BPER Group has adopted an analytical framework for IT risk, with the aim of identifying the exposure to IT 
risk and the corrective actions needed to avoid exceeding the established risk appetite threshold. A specific 
analysis is carried out in relation to operational and security risk related to payment services. 
Reputational Risk 
The BPER Group has implemented a framework for the management of reputational risk in order to monitor, 
manage, mitigate and periodically present in an organised manner the position of the Group in relation to this 
risk, together with the corrective actions needed to mitigate any vulnerabilities identified20. 
The principal elements comprising the framework for the management of reputational risk are described and 
formalised in the “Policy on the governance of reputational risk”. This document centralises the management 
of this activity within the Risk Management Function of the Parent Company and specifies the responsibilities 
of the Organisational Units within the Parent Company and the Group companies concerned, both under 
normal operating conditions and should any “critical reputational events” occur. 
The system of reputational risk management adopted by the BPER Group has the following components: 
• 
identification and assessment of risk based on Reputational Data Collection and Reputational Self-
Assessment; 
• 
monitoring of the Group’s exposure to reputational risk using a series of specific Key Risk Indicators; 
• 
management of critical reputational events (escalation): management of particularly critical reputational 
events, by means of a functional escalation process and the determination of short and long term 
responses and mitigation; 
• 
reporting: preparation of suitable reports, based on the various processes/sub-processes comprising 
the framework, in order to present in summary form the outcome of the risk management activities to 
all bodies and functions concerned. 
Business Continuity 
In the first half of 2024, the activities aimed at the “Ordinary Management” of Business Continuity continued 
with the aim of updating the Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and of the Group companies. The 
business continuity manager coordinated monitoring activities of threats (emergency management process), 
including Climate Risk impact. During the first half of 2024 the Bank was resilient: in spite of increasing extreme 
weather events and flooding there were no branch closures or discontinuation in business processes. 
In the second part of the first half of 2024, Business Impact Analyses (BIAs) were carried out during the year to 
identify potential risks and failure points of business processes, business continuity solutions were updated to 
ensure effective recovery in the event of an emergency, and scheduled business continuity and disaster recovery 
tests were carried out to check the effectiveness of the Plan and to ensure continuous improvement. 
The elements that characterised the first half of the year concerned: 
• 
the start of phase 2 of adjustment to the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) regulation, which 
will come into force on 17 January 2025, as a follow-up to the assessment launched in 2023; 
• 
the definition of guidelines to formalise a suppliers’ monitoring model under the DORA Regulation 
requirements; 
• 
the activities necessary for maintaining ISO 22301 certification; 
• 
the monitoring of Banca Cesare Ponti’s business continuity after the merger and transfer of the 
business unit which brought about the subsequent re-mapping of critical processes; 
• 
constant monitoring of critical suppliers through checks on existing contracts and continuity tests and 
through the gathering of appropriate information to fully assess the quality of planned continuity 
 
20  
This choice was made with effect from the 2017 financial year.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
measures; 
• 
running of tests as required after the implementation of the business continuity plan with a specific focus 
on cyber-scenarios; 
• 
running of the Cyber Resilience Stress Test as required by the ECB early in the first half of the year; 
• 
running of a specific test on volcanic and bradyseismic risk in the Campi Flegrei area; 
• 
implementation of the “Piano Emergenza Vesuvio” (Vesuvius Contingency Plan) with an update on its 
specificities as per the amendments to Law Decree 140/2023. 
Activities continued with a view to enhancing the focus on operational resilience and the dissemination of a 
culture of business continuity within the Group. In a continuous improvement perspective, the activities 
included training sessions for the roles involved in Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Crisis 
Management working for the Parent Company and the Group companies. Training also specifically involved 
the Business Continuity Supplier contacts as they are critical for the purposes of business continuity. 
Climate Change 
Transition to a circular, low-carbon economy and its integration and management in the regulatory and 
prudential supervisory framework entails both risks and opportunities for the entire economic system and for 
financial institutions, while the physical damage caused by climate change and environmental degradation can 
have a significant impact on the real economy and the financial sector. 
The European Central Bank identified climate and environmental risks among the main risk factors to be 
proactively managed under the supervisory priorities of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) for the 
banking sector, and starting in 2021, undertook activities aimed at verifying banks’ positioning with respect to 
the provisions of the guidelines that the ECB issued on the subject (ECB Guide on climate-related and 
environmental risk). 
Against this backdrop, the BPER Group has structured its own sustainability process through the adoption of an 
integrated strategy, capable of combining business growth and financial strength with social and environmental 
sustainability, thereby creating long-term shared value. The sustainability perspective has been fully integrated 
in the 2022-2025 Business Plan. 
In particular, the BPER Group, through cross-cutting work groups, identified action lines in the climate-related 
and environmental areas to strengthen strategy, business, risk governance and regulatory compliance. With 
this in mind, an activity/ intervention plan was defined and approved by the Parent Company’s Board of 
Directors and sent to the European Central Bank. Furthermore, follow-up continued in 2023 on the ECB’s 
Thematic Review, aimed at checking compliance with the ECB Guidelines in order to further strengthen 
climate-environmental governance practices.  
With reference to the Risk Management framework, in line with plans and communications to the Supervisory 
Authority, the incorporation of ESG issues within the entire Group Risk Management set-up continued in the 
first months of 2024, including the strengthening of the materiality analysis of risk factors as part of the risk 
identification process, the evolution of the Risk Appetite Framework and of ICAAP by identifying specific Key 
Risk Indicators and introducing dedicated analyses, the updating of risk management processes and the 
integration of risk reporting. 
When integrating the aforementioned areas, consideration was also given to the connections and relationships 
with the various business processes impacted and the commitments made by the Group in this regard (e.g., 
Net Zero Banking Alliance - NZBA). 
All of this confirms the strategic importance that the BPER Group attaches to sustainability issues, the 
management of which translates into consistent and concrete commitments both at governance level and in 
the day-to-day operations of all of the Company’s functions. 
It should finally be highlighted that the BPER Group will continue to consider additional areas of intervention in 
the next years to further develop its risk management frameworks with the aim of specifically capturing both 
the risk type specificities and developments in the regulatory and macro-economic frameworks.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Recent Developments 
Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over all the shares of Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
On 6 February 2025 the Board of Directors of BPER has approved the launch of a voluntary public exchange 
offer on all ordinary shares of Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. The decision has been announced with a 
communication issued on the same day pursuant to Article 102 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 
24, 1998 and Article 37 of the Consob Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999. 
For further details on the voluntary public exchange offer see section “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
Moody's affirms BPER rating 
On 12 February 2025 BPER informed that Moody’s Ratings has affirmed the deposit and senior unsecured 
debt ratings of BPER Banca S.p.A. with the outlook remaining stable. The rating action is prompted by BPER’s 
announcement on 6 February 2025, that it had launched a voluntary public tender offer fully in shares for all 
the shares of Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.  
Moody’s Ratings anticipated that the combined entity, if the acquisition of Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
will be finalized, shall maintain its overall creditworthiness. 
S&P affirms BPER rating following offer on Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
On 13 February 2025 BPER informed that S&P Global Ratings has affirmed the Bank’s “BBB-/A-3” long and 
short-term counterparty credit ratings, with the outlook on the long-term rating remaining positive. 
If effectively executed, in the rating agency views the business combination positively given the strong strategic 
rationale for BPER, the geographic and business fit, and limited overlaps. Overall, the business combination 
will lead to a larger and more effective group with stronger market position as increasing digitalization and the 
need to enhance revenue diversification will require scale and continuous investments.  
In S&P Global Ratings’ view the impact on BPER’s capitalization under current terms appears manageable. 
The agency believes that the acquisition of Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. would not materially affect 
BPER’s asset quality in the years to come.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
 
ECB guidance on NPL provisioning 
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans ("NPLs") as amended 
and supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks 
to fully adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 
March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum 
supplements the qualitative guidance on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic 
approach regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For 
instance, banks should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This 
should also be closely managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets 
to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such 
as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales.  
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks 
should explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into 
consideration in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-
compliance may trigger supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards 
minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures has been recently adopted and introduces a "statutory 
prudential backstop" to prevent the risk of under provisioning of future NPLs. These recently introduced 
banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") entered into force.  
The BRRD is designed to provide competent authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and 
financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) 
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
"bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset 
separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which 
gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution 
and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the "General Bail-in Tool"), which equity could also 
be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in Tool.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools (including the bail-in tool) to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, 
to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These 
consist of the public entity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as 
they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down or convert into equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments at the point of non-
viability and before (or simultaneously), any other resolution action is taken ("Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory conversion 
into equity may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in cancellation 
or dilution of the shareholding. For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that 
the institution or, under certain circumstances, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution 
action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable 
unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be 
provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution or, under certain 
conditions, the group would no longer be viable. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government. In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy 
(the "BRRD Implementing Decrees") were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, 
while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals 
principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD 
Implementing Decrees entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied 
from 1 January 2016; and (ii) the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit 
guarantee scheme and those of individuals and small and medium enterprises, which applied from 1 January 
2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity 
of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount 
of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities 
which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes 
certain liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), 
that the resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the 
General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated 
unequally. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon 
application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence 
by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool 
than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings.  
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented in 
Italy by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise 
the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured 
liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that exceeds the value of the assets, 
pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that 
deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level 
contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in 
normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, 
non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending 
national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than 
ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has amended 
the bail-in creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, by 
providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee 
scheme and excess deposits of individuals and small and medium sized enterprises benefit from a preference 
in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual 
and small and medium sized enterprises deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee 
scheme. This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of liabilities in the form of large 
corporate and interbank deposits which rank pari passu with any unsecured liability owed to the bondholders 
under the national insolvency regime currently in force in Italy, will rank higher than such unsecured liabilities 
in normal insolvency proceedings. Therefore, on application of the General Bail-In Tool, such creditors will be 
written-down/converted into equity capital instruments only after such unsecured liabilities. The safeguard set 
out in Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would not provide any protection since, as noted above, 
Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors which are in excess 
of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "BRRD Amending Directive") entered into force. The BRRD 
Amending Directive requires Member States to create a new class of the so-called "senior non-preferred" debt 
instruments which would rank just below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of 
liquidation, while still being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and 
that will be eligible to meet MREL and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a 
retroactive effect and will only apply to new issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the Italian Law No. 
205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions 
pertaining to "non-preferred" senior debt instruments. 
Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the 
statutory rights of set-off which are normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by 
any creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. 
The amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category of 
unsecured debt in bank creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the priority 
ranking of bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on the 
priority ranking of bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution facilitates a more efficient path towards 
banks’ compliance with the TLAC standard (for G-SIBs) that should apply from 2019 onwards, as agreed in 
the Financial Stability Forum. In addition, by providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors 
and reducing the risk of legal challenges, these harmonised rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool 
in resolution.  
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the 
revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the Banking 
Act and: (i) establishes that the maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been 
harmonised by the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive (“DGSD”) and is applicable to all deposit guarantee 
schemes; (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details 
intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of 
reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and 
liabilities eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
(i.e. "Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" – "MREL"). MREL represents one of the 
key tools to improve banks’ resolvability, allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore 
a bank’s capital position after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and 
creditors bear losses regardless of which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after consulting 
with the relevant competent authority, will set the MREL for the relevant institution based on the assessment 
criteria identified by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) in its regulatory technical standards (RTS), 
pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS on criteria for determining MREL requires resolution 
authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write down or conversion of an amount of own funds 
and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the sum of the loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation 
amount, subject to certain considerations. The resolution authority has discretion to allow BRRD institutions to 
meet part of their MREL obligations through "contractual bail-in instruments". The BRRD does not foresee an 
absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution 
authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking Union) or to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") for 
banks being part of the Banking Union. The EBA has issued final draft regulatory technical standards which 
further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as further implemented 
by European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, see below.  
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
supplementing BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the 
SRB shall calculate MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 
September 2016. Article 8 of the aforementioned regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine 
an appropriate transitional period for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the 
EBA launched a public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 
23 November 2016, the European Commission presented the EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number 
of proposed amendments to the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed that the MREL – which should be 
expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of 
the relevant institution – should be determined by the resolution authorities at an amount to allow banks to 
absorb losses expected in resolution and recapitalise the bank post-resolution. In addition, it was proposed 
that resolution authorities may require institutions to meet higher levels of MREL in order to cover losses in 
resolution that are higher than those expected under a standard resolution scenario and to ensure a sufficient 
market confidence in the entity post-resolution. It is currently envisaged that in the event of any shortfall of 
complying with the MREL requirement the competent resolution authority shall have the power to prohibit the 
institution from distributing more than the maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-called "M-MDA").  
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the 
EU Banking Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities 
for the purpose of MREL, unless they fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together 
with the national resolution authorities ("NRAs"), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The 
preliminary approach consisted of informative targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future 
MREL requirements. The SRB is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 introduced 
binding requirements and started to address both quantity and quality of MREL with bank specific features. 
During 2017, the SRB developed its MREL policy, starting to develop binding targets for major banking groups. 
Considering the need to address the specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 
2018 resolution planning cycle in two waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not 
have binding targets – for instance those with no presence outside the Banking Union – to be addressed first 
based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 approach and published on 20 November 2018. For the 
second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published 
on 16 January 2019.  
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the Banking 
Package (CRR-II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed 
by an overall updated MREL Policy under the Banking Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 May

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
2020, which covers: (a) MREL requirements for Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs); (b) changes 
to the calibration of MREL, including introducing MREL based on the leverage ratio; (c) changes to the quality 
of MREL (subordination); (d) dedicated rules for certain business models, such as cooperatives, and for 
resolution strategies, such as multiple point of entry (MPE); (e) Provisions on internal MREL; (f) Clarifications 
on third-country issuances; and (g) how these changes will be phased in. 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the Banking 
Package in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to institutions in the 
beginning of 2021. These decisions replaced those issued under the previous legal framework. Each new 
decision sets out two binding MREL targets, including those for subordination: the binding intermediate target 
to be met by 1 January 2022 and the fully calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 2024. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and 
Single Resolution Fund Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms ("CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms ("CRD IV"), the following legislative texts have been published in the EU’s Official Journal: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures (the "CRD V" and, together with BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the 
"BRRD II reforms");  
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"),  
(iii) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms ("SRM II Regulation"). 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the 
"TLAC standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime 
relating to the specific MREL. 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption 
and recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are determined according to the provisions 
concerning the eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the 
financial performance of the BPER Group. 
Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in an early 
stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any 
suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance 
of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. 
The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights 
of the holders of securities issued by the BPER Group, the price or value of their investment in any such 
security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects 
of a new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRM III"), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes ("DGSD II"). This 
public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general 
objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders’ experience with the current 
Covid-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) 
resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of 
creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. 
Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
The European Commission launched a general public consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 
20 May 2021. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the "193 Decree") 
implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Banking Act transposing Article 
48(7) of the BRRD II. 
The amended Article 91 of the Banking Act provides for the following ranking: 
(a) 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly 
recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred 
instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello); 
(b) 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, 
in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri) but junior to senior non- preferred instruments. The provisions also apply to instruments issued 
before the 193 Decree came into effect (1 December 2021). 
In 2021, the Commission launched two consultations: a targeted and a public consultation to seek stakeholder 
feedback on how the crisis management and deposit insurance framework (“CMDI”) was applied and views 
on possible modifications.  
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package to reform the CMDI. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals to amend the BRRD, the DGSD and the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR).  
On 19 June 2024, the European Council approved a negotiating mandate for the revision of the CMDI.  
In this context, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 - published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 April 
2024 - was adopted, containing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed at outlining the 
conditions for the treatment of domestic MREL. 
BPER Group’s continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital 
and on its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of 
transactions in which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group 
to comply with new legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time, 
moreover, such adaptation may lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, 
adaptation or renovation of the characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control 
structures and/or distribution mechanisms or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence 
of these events may have a negative impact on the Group’s business, performance and/or financial condition. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
"SRM" and "SRM Regulation", respectively) entered into force.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those 
concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") 
with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly 
consists of the Board and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European 
Commission and the Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – 
as well as the ECB and the national resolution authorities.  
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national 
compartments during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 
banks started to pay contributions to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund 
starting from 2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes).  
The Fund has reached the target level of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit 
institutions within the Banking Union by 31 December 2023. The Fund shall not be used to absorb the losses 
of an institution or to recapitalise an institution. 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single 
authority –the Board –, which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the 
SSM and part of the Banking Union. 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the 
negative feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in 
resolution; and (c) giving a competitive advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking 
Union ones, due to the availability of a larger resolution fund. 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the 
SRM will affect the Group. 
CRD and CRR  
On 27 June 2019, the European Commission issued Directive 2019/878/EU (CRD V) and Regulation 
2019/876/EU (CRR II), respectively amending CRD and CRR. The CRD V Directive has been applied since 
29 June 2020 and CRR II has been applied since 28 June 2021. 
Among other measures, Article 133 of CRD V grants national Authorities with the power to introduce a systemic 
risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to prevent and mitigate systemic risk not covered by 
macroprudential tools. 
Accordingly, the Bank of Italy, following a public consultation, on 26 April 2024, decided to apply a systemic 
risk buffer (SyRB) of 1.0 per cent of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty 
credit risks. The SyRB applies to all banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. The buffer rate target would 
be reached gradually: 0.5 per cent would need to be set aside by 31 December 2024, and the remaining 0.5 
per cent by 30 June 2025. The SyRB is to be applied at the highest level of consolidation for banking groups. 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission’s proposal was published, which transposes into the CRR (CRR III) and 
CRD (CRD VI and jointly with the CRR III the “Banking Reform Package”) the standards approved by the 
Basel Committee at the end of 2017, with specific reference to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market 
and operational) and the so-called “output floor”. 
The Banking Reform Package has been adopted with the publication of EU Regulation 2024/1623 (“CRR III”) 
and EU Directive 2024/1619 (“CRD VI”) which entered into force on 9 July 2024.  
CRD VI aims at the harmonisation of minimum requirements applicable to the authorisation of branches of 
third-country banks and the supervision of their activities in the EU and at enhancing banks' management of 
Environmental, Social and Governance risks. Member States shall adopt and publish, by 10 January 2026,

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD VI and shall apply those 
measures from 11 January 2026 (with some exceptions).  
CRR III shall apply from 1st January 2025 (with some exceptions). Among the others, this Regulation has 
introduced a lower limit to the risk-based capital requirements calculated using internal models (‘output floor’), 
that is equal to a percentage (72.5%) of the capital requirements that would apply if standardised approaches 
were used, considering a transitional period as well. In relation to the use of the Standardised approach for 
credit risk, CRR III envisages a more granular risk weight treatment of different exposures, such as: exposures 
to institutions, exposures to corporates, specialised lending exposures, retail exposures, exposures secured 
by real estate, subordinated debt exposures, equity exposures and defaulted exposures. 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
The above mentioned Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation applied from 8 July 2022. 
The Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public 
supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, the Covered Bond 
Directive provides for a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the 
bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Covered Bond Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements for 
a liquidity reserve and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond structures 
in order to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Covered Bond 
Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of covered bond 
issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for obtaining the authorisation 
to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a covered bond programme. The 
Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for additional 
requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In particular, the Covered 
Bond Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to 
a maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing 
institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Covered Bond Regulation also requires a minimum level 
of overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency 
or resolution. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegation Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegated the Italian Government 
to implement – inter alia – the Covered Bond Directive. According to the European Delegation Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of the Covered 
Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set for 
covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 
of the Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of the Decree 190/2021 
entering into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose 
to exercise the following options provided by the Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the 
liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with 
extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool in case of programmes with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the extended final maturity 
date for the payment of principal, as opposed to the scheduled maturity date. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds. Bank of Italy issued the relevant implementing regulations on 30 March 
2023 by publishing an amendment to Section 3, paragraph 3 of the BoI Regulations.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
For further information, please see section headed "Selected Aspects of Italian Law" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR  
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
Covered Bonds 
Name and Legal Form of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 18 March 2015 with the original corporate name of 
"SPV Covered Bond 5 S.r.l.", as a limited liability company incorporated under Law 130, with VAT number, 
Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Register of Enterprises of Treviso No. 04730160266. 
The Guarantor has a duration until 31 December 2100. 
The Guarantor’s Legal Entity Identifier code is 815600CB91E077EF4425 (expiring on 17 March 2025). 
The Guarantor has no website. 
On 13 May 2015 the Issuer requested to Bank of Italy the authorisation to purchase up to 60 per cent of the 
quota capital of the Guarantor and not having the Issuer received any denial on 7 September 2015 the quota 
capital transfer has been duly fulfilled. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 27 July 2015, as recorded in the Chamber of Commerce of 
Treviso on 6 August 2015, the corporate name of the Guarantor was changed from "SPV Covered Bond 5 
S.r.l." to "Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.". 
On 16 September 2015 the Guarantor has been included in the BPER Group. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 13 October 2015 the articles of association of the company 
have been amended in order to be compliant with the BPER Group request. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 26 October 2015 a board of directors has been appointed. 
Since the date of its incorporation or establishment, the Guarantor has not commenced operations other than 
those incidental to its incorporation and registration, the change of its corporate name, the inclusion in the 
BPER Group, the authorisation of the participation in the Programme and of the other documents and matters 
referred to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus to which it is or will be a party and matters which are 
incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, and the telephone 
number of the registered office is +39 0438 360926 and the fax number is +39 0438 360 962. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.00. 
"Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l." is currently the Guarantor’s legal name and the Guarantor has no 
commercial name. 
The Guarantor operates under Italian legislation. 
Business overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks (belonging either to the BPER Group or to 
other banking groups) against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a 
securitisation, in compliance with Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated 
loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds 
issued by such banks or other entities. Pursuant to the Guarantor Articles of Association, the Guarantor may 
act as a special purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in accordance with the Law 130 and, 
therefore, may carry out the above-mentioned activities in the context of one or more covered bond 
transactions or issuance programme other than this Programme. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the ancillary transactions 
for purposes of the performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the issue of banking 
covered bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
investment in other financial activities of the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the 
securities purchased, but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged in any business other than the purchase of 
the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios from the Initial Seller and the issue of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds issued under this 
Programme. 
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Guarantor is currently managed by a board of directors. The directors of the Guarantor are: 
 
Name 
Appointment 
Address 
Principal Activities 
Marco Biale 
Chairperson of the 
board of directors 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
Elena Peri 
Director 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing director 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
 
The directors’ address is Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
The Company did not appoint a board of statutory auditors pursuant to Article 2477 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Conflict of interest 
Potential conflicts of interests may arise since the directors of the Guarantor Marco Biale holds simultaneously 
the position of Head of Structured Finance Management Office (Responsabile Servizio Corporate 
Development) of BPER Banca S.p.A. and Elena Peri holds simultaneously the position of Head of Corporate 
Development Service (Responsabile Servizio Corporate Development) of BPER Banca S.p.A.. However, in 
case of such conflict of interest, pursuant to article 2475-ter of the Italian Civil Code, the decision adopted by 
the board of directors with the determining vote of a director with a conflict of interest with the company, if 
causing an economic damage to the company, may be appealed within ninety days by the directors. In addition, 
in accordance with the same article of the Italian Civil Code, any contract entered into with the company by 
directors who have the power to represent the company with conflict of interests may be annulled at the request 
of the company, provided that the rights acquired in good faith by third persons on the basis of acts made in 
execution of the decision are preserved. 
Save as noted above, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties of the directors and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided in quotas. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor (hereafter together the "Quotaholders") are as follows: 
• 
BPER Banca S.p.A.: 60 per cent of the quota capital; 
• 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.: 40 per cent of the quota capital.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia, a call option in favour of BPER to purchase from SVM 
Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. to sell to BPER the quota of the Guarantor held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be 
exercised from the day on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which 
all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the other Secured Creditors 
have been paid in full. 
Please also see the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – The Quotaholders’ 
Agreement" below. 
No material litigation 
Since the date of the incorporation or establishment of the Guarantor, there have been no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, 
which have had or may have significant effects on the Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses and Report of the Auditors 
The statutory audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 
2022 and on 31 December 2023, respectively, prepared in accordance with International financial reporting 
standards, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See the section headed "Documents 
incorporated by reference", above. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and on 31 
December 2023, respectively, were audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., the address of which is at Via Tortona 
n. 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered in the special register (albo speciale) for 
auditing companies (società di revisione) provided for by article 161 of the Financial Law (repealed by article 
43 of Italian legislative decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 but still in force, pursuant to the latter decree, until 
the entry into force of the implementing regulations to be issued by the Ministry for Economy and Finance 
pursuant to such decree). 
Copy of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year since the Guarantor’s incorporation 
will, when published, be available in physical form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on 
any Business Day (excluding public holidays) at the registered office of the Guarantor.  
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: Euro 10,000. 
Quota capital issued and authorised 
BPER has a quota of Euro 6,000 and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has a quota of Euro 
4,000 each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in accordance with 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has no 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued, or created but unissued), 
term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other 
contingent liabilities.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to 
be the asset monitor to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be an 
independent auditor, enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance pursuant to article 6 of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 
145 of 20 June 2012, as amended and supplemented, shall be independent from the Issuer, the Sellers and 
the Guarantor and the accounting firms who carry out the audit of the Issuer, the Sellers or the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to the 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
ASSET MONITOR ENGAGEMENT LETTER 
Pursuant to an engagement letter (the "Asset Monitor Engagement Letter") entered into on 14 June 2017, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented, the Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a 
company incorporated in Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) whose registered office is in Milan 
registered with the companies’ register of Milan under number 12979880155 and enrolled under number 
119644 with the register of statutory auditors (Registro Dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the Minister of 
Economy and Finance, having its registered office at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy, as asset monitor 
(the "Asset Monitor") in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific 
agreed upon procedures concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI 
Regulations including, inter alia, the calculations performed by BPER with respect to the Tests, Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement with a view to confirming whether such 
calculations are accurate. 
Under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, the Asset Monitor shall, on an annual basis, deliver to the Issuer 
an annual report detailing the procedures performed under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter. 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
to the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset 
Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter is governed by Italian law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
The Asset Monitor will, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the 
"Asset Monitor Agreement") and subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation 
Agent to the Asset Monitor, (i) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage 
Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement, as applicable, 
and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement, as applicable, in each case pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer a report in the form set out 
in the Asset Monitor Agreement.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to the 
Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset 
Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION 
POLICIES 
THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (i) the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans transferred 
pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement or each Additional Transfer Agreement; (ii) any Integration 
Assets and (iii) any Liquid Assets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent 
Portfolios transferred by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under the section headed "Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Master Transfer Agreement" below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Mortgage Loans from which the Eligible Assets arise mature 
between January 2026 and December 2065.  
The composition of the Cover Pool will be dynamic over the life of the Programme. In particular, assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool will change over time as a result, inter alia, of the purchase of any Subsequent 
Portfolio and the repurchase of any Portfolio in each case in accordance with the terms of the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreements. 
The General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the 
relevant Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the following General Criteria: 
1. 
loans whose principal debtors (possibly even as a result of subrogation, assignment or taking over of 
debts (accollo liberatorio)) are: (i) one or more persons (including professionals or entrepreneurs) resident 
in Italy with regard to residential and commercial mortgage loans; (ii) legal persons, having registered 
office in Italy, or individuals, resident in Italy, who have entered into the relevant contract for financing in 
the exercise of their business activity (including professional partnerships and entrepreneurs) for 
commercial mortgage loans; 
2. 
mortgage loans for which there is no obligation or ability to make additional payments; 
3. 
mortgage loans denominated in euro (or paid in lira and subsequently redenominated in euro) and whose 
loan agreements do not contain provisions that permit the conversion into another currency; 
4. 
mortgage loans whose principal repayment is done in one or several instalments according to one of the 
following amortization methods, as detectable on the signing date of the loan or, if existent, the last 
agreement on the system of amortization: 
(i) 
the so-called "French" amortization method (piano di ammortamento alla francese), by which is 
meant the amortization method under which the rate is inclusive of a component of fixed capital at 
time of the grant and increasing over time and a variable interest component; 
(ii) 
the so-called "Italian" amortization method (piano di ammortamento all’italiana), by which is meant 
the amortization method under which the rates are inclusive of a component of constant capital 
over time and a variable component of interest; 
(iii) amortization method which provides a constant rate and for the duration to be extended up to a 
maximum date; 
(iv) amortization method which provides a single instalment of capital repayment at the end of the loan 
(the so-called "bullet");

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
5. 
mortgage loans secured by mortgages on real estate located on the territory of the Italian Republic; 
 
6. 
mortgage loans that have been granted under loan agreements governed by Italian law (as specified in 
the relevant loan agreement); 
7. 
mortgage loans secured by (i) a first legal ranking mortgage (ipoteca volontaria di primo grado legale), or 
(ii) a second legal ranking mortgage in respect to which the obligations secured by the higher legal ranking 
mortgages have been fully satisfied;  
8. 
mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio of (i) the amount of the loan disbursed on the date of signing 
of the loan and (ii) the estimated value of the mortgaged property, determined close to the conclusion of 
such mortgage is equal to or less than 100%. For the purposes of the criteria referred to at the present 
paragraph 8, "valore di stima dell’immobile ipotecato, determinato in prossimità della stipulazione del 
medesimo mutuo" means the estimated value determined on the basis of technical and economic 
parameters used from time to time by the lending bank in the process of the monitoring of the property 
value as per criteria under paragraph 5 above. In order to assess the compliance of the loan with the 
policy referred to at in this paragraph 8, each borrower may, where not already in possession of this 
information, know the value of the revalued mortgaged property by contacting the relevant branch where 
the instalment payments of such loan are domiciled; 
9. 
mortgage loans in respect of which the payment of instalments is made by automatic debit on a current 
account with a bank belonging to Gruppo Bancario BPER Banca S.p.A. (including payment by SDD); 
 
In any event, are excluded from the sale all receivables arising from loans which, on the Valuation Date, while 
presenting the above characteristics, also present, on the Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided) one or 
more of the following characteristics: 
10. mortgage loans that either derive from "esposizioni oggetto di concessioni" or classified as "sofferenze", 
"inadempienze probabili" and "esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate" (as defined in the Circular 
of the Bank of Italy n. 272 of 30 July 2008, supplemented by the update no. 7 of 20 January 2015, and as 
amended from time to time – Matrice dei Conti); 
11. mortgage loans that have been granted, in the case of commercial mortgage loans, even as co-holders 
of such loan, to individuals whom, on to the Valuation Date, were employees or bank representatives 
(under Article 136 of the Banking Act) of BPER; 
12. mortgage loans in relation to which the relevant borrower has adhered, in the case of residential mortgage 
loans, on the Valuation Date, by sending the accession letter by mail or has presented the accession 
letter at any branch of BPER, at the proposed renegotiation made under the Italian Law Decree no. 93 of 
27 May 2008 converted with Italian Law no. 126 of 24 July 2008 and the agreement signed between the 
Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze and the Associazione Bancaria Italiana; 
13. residential mortgage loans secured by mortgages on properties that fell into one of the following Land 
Registry categories: A / 9, A / 10; 
14. commercial mortgage loans secured by mortgages on properties that fell into one of the following Land 
Registry categories: B / 1, B / 2, B / 3, B / 4, B / 5, B / 6 B / 7, D / 9 , E / 1, E / 2, E / 3 E / 4, E / 5, E / 6, E 
/ 7, E / 8, E / 9, C / 4 and C / 5; 
15. mortgage loans that have been concluded under any law (including regional and / or provincial) or 
legislation providing for contributions or benefits in terms of principal and / or interest (the so-called mutui 
agevolati e convenzionanti) or that have been entered into under any law or regulation which provides 
financial incentives (mutui agevolati), public grants of any kind granted to debtors, mortgagors or any 
guarantor with respect to the principal and/or interest and are not funded with funds from third parties; or

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
are mortgages that have been concluded in accordance with Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Act 
(cd. "credito agrario e peschereccio"); 
16. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio of (i) the outstanding debt of the principal amount of the loan 
and (ii) the revalued value of the mortgaged property on the Valuation Date, is higher than 80% for 
residential mortgages loans or 60% for commercial mortgages loans. For the purposes of the criteria 
referred to in this paragraph 16, "valore rivalutato di stima dell’immobile ipotecato" means the estimated 
value determined on the basis of technical and economic parameters used from time to time by the lending 
bank in the process of the monitoring of the property value as per criteria under paragraph 5 above. In 
order to assess the compliance of the loan with the policy referred to in this paragraph 16, each borrower 
may, where not already in possession of this information, know the value of the revalued mortgaged 
property by contacting the relevant branch where the instalment payments of such loan are domiciled; 
17. mortgage loans that have been granted to public bodies, to public enterprises or other comparable 
companies, banks or financial institutions; 
18. mortgage loans that have been granted to religious institutions, institutions of public assistance, 
fundraising organization, charities or other non-profit organization; 
19. mortgage loans whose principal repayment is made according to the amortization method known as "Mix", 
and meaning the method which provides for a proportion of amortization at fixed rate and another portion 
at variable rate; 
20. mortgage loans whose relative property is still "under construction"; 
21. mortgage loans that have a declared purpose of debt consolidation by the debtor; 
22. mortgage loans that at the date of the grant were secured by collateral represented by pledge on the 
securities; 
23. commercial mortgage loans granted by a pool of banks; 
24. commercial mortgage loans that have been granted as guarantee arising from the transfer of receivables 
to the Gestore dei Servizi Energetici (GSE) S.p.A., or mortgage loans granted to finance the purchase 
and installation of photovoltaic systems; 
25. mortgage loans used by BPER as guarantees for the refinancing transactions according to the legislative 
and regulatory framework of the Eurosystem.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
THE COLLECTION POLICIES 
INTRODUCTION 
BPER monitors its existing loans on a constant basis. Generally, borrowers pay instalments by direct debit 
from their respective account held with BPER, authorised at the time of execution of the relevant mortgage 
loan agreement. On a regular basis, a solicitation is made to borrowers with any overdue and unpaid 
instalment. 
DEFINITIONS 
Any further details of BPER exposures classification according to the current regulation are described above 
in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller". 
Management and control of the loans  
The monitoring activity is performed at a central level in order to have all the necessary controls on loans which 
show some criticalities. The monitoring activity is aimed at identifying first signs of credit risk deterioration and 
providing assistance to local branches and directly managing the relevant claims.  
All the relevant management is duly informed in relation to the status of the claims and initiatives are promoted 
toward requiring claims such as: 
• 
change of status of loans; 
• 
provision adjustment on the non performing exposures; 
• 
proposal of qualification of a loan as sofferenza (non-performing loan). 
Generally, the following represents the main causes leading a mortgage loan to be classified as sofferenza: 
• 
the borrower is in serious and long-term economic and financial difficulty, so that BPER would start 
the legal recovery procedures; 
• 
there is a loss forecast on the claim; 
• 
the borrower is insolvent as ascertained by a court. 
Once the decision to qualify a claim as sofferenza has been taken, the definitive legal recovery 
process begins.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. The Issuer will not be relying on payments 
by the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any 
interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of 
the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the purpose of such coverage 
an Asset Percentage factor determined in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation with 
respect to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is intended to ensure at all times that the amount 
of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum 
cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days; 
(e) 
the verification of the Exposure Limit is intended to ensure that the Exposure Limit is correctly 
calculated within the performance of the Tests; 
(f) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the service of a Notice to Pay, for the purpose 
of testing the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(g) 
the verification of the Minimum OC Requirement is periodically performed, both prior and following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, for the purpose of verifying that the Minimum OC 
Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other 
day on which the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be; 
(h) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, basis, currency or other risks in 
respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; and 
(i) 
a Cash Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from 
Interest Available Funds in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to 
fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date or Due for Payment Date, as the case may be, in respect of all Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount 
becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason. 
For further details, see the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Covered Bond 
Guarantee" below, as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing the Issuer to do so, the 
Additional Sellers, if any) must ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests described below.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Mandatory Tests 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant 
to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and 
until the Programme Termination Date that each of the following tests is met: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage 
Loan in respect of which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129, 
paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of the CRR will be considered up to an amount of principal which, taking 
into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such 
percentage limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor plus the aggregate amounts standing to 
the credit of the Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up to the end of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate principal notional amount of all 
Series of Covered Bonds at the same time outstanding, provided that the Minimum OC Requirement 
shall at all time be met (the "Nominal Value Test"); 
(b) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net 
Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds (the "NPV Test"); and 
(c) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the 
interest payments scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the 
"Interest Coverage Test"), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the "Mandatory Tests"). 
"Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool" means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal 
to the positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of  
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect 
of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that the interest payments expected to be received in 
respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set 
forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of the CRR, will be considered up to an 
amount that, takes into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows 
compliance with such percentage limit) in each and all respective Calculation Periods until the 
date on which all the outstanding Covered Bond are scheduled to be redeemed (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible 
Investments of principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover 
Pool in each and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued on 
the Accounts and any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Accounts in each 
and all respective Calculation Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior 
to or on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap 
Agreements; and 
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
including payments under the Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor Payment 
Dates. 
"Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds" means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest payments due 
in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool" means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor 
under or in respect of the Cover Pool (provided that such future principal and interest payments 
in respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit 
set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of the CRR will be considered up to an 
amount that, takes into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows 
compliance with such percentage limit) and the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the 
credit of Accounts (minus any amount deposited to the Collection Account or on any other 
account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any Eligible Institution pursuant to clause 
14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and 
up to the Exposure Limit, as applicable, at such date; plus  
(ii) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the 
Swap Agreements; minus 
(iii) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the Expected Maintenance and 
Administration Cost); plus 
(iv) 
any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool and not 
yet applied under the relevant Priority of Payments, subject to Exposure Limit as applicable.  
"Discount Factor" means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
"Eligible Cover Pool" means, as at any relevant date, the aggregate of all the Eligible Assets, the Integration 
Assets and the Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, excluding (i) any Non Performing Loans and those 
Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in relation to which a breach of any of the representations 
and warranties contained in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied 
and (ii) the aggregate of the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit and (iii)

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
unsecured receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, as provided by article 7-
undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130. 
"Non-Performing Loan" means a receivable which has been for at least180 consecutive days in arrears, or 
which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this definition may differ from the classification of Non-Performing Loan used in the section headed 
"Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller". 
"Swap Curve" means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best 
market practice and calculated based on market instruments. 
"Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs" means any expected cost related to maintenance and 
administration for the winding-down of the Programme appraised as an all-in sum equal to Euro 100,000.00 
(one hundred thousand/00). 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
shall verify compliance, on a continuous basis, with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be, it being understood that calculation of the Mandatory Tests shall be performed consistently with the 
provisions set out in article 7-undecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met as at any relevant 
date if the Asset Coverage Test is met as at such date. 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be monitored and 
verified from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Initial Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the "Asset Coverage Test", and together with the Mandatory Tests, 
the "Tests"). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, "Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount" means an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Y-W-Z 
where: 
"A" is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the "LTV Adjusted Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible 
Cover Pool as at any given date, calculated as the lower of: (1) the actual Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as at the last day of the immediately

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
preceding Calculation Period; and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such 
date multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a.1) 80 per cent for all residential Mortgage Loans that are 
up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (a.2) 60 per cent for all commercial Mortgage Loans 
that are up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 40 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are 
more than three months in arrears, but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) zero for all Non-
Performing Loans) (including any unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 
of the CRR has occurred), 
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period: 
(A) 
a Mortgage Loan was, during the immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
and the relevant Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to 
the extent required by the terms of the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such 
Mortgage Loan an "Affected Loan"). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal 
to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the 
Servicer was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the resulting financial 
loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation Period in respect of 
such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the Calculation Agent without 
double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off against any amount paid 
(in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the 
Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a "Breach Related Loss"); and/or 
(C) 
the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the applicable 
legislation and regulations (normativa primaria e secondaria), including any order, decree or 
any other decision issued by the judiciary authority (autorità giudiziaria) or administrative 
authority (autorità amministrativa) or any other competent authority, or to the schemes with 
the relevant associations (accordi con le associzioni di categoria), including without limitation 
the scheme named "Accordo per il Credito 2015" between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana 
and the associations of enterprises for suspension of the debts of small and medium 
enterprises, according to Italian law No. 190/2014, and the scheme named "Accordo per la 
sospensione del credito alle famiglie" between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and the 
associations of consumer clients dated 31 March 2015 as amended and supplemented, during 
the suspension period (any such Mortgage Loan a "Renegotiated Loan"). In this event, the 
aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed 
to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) 
above, of each Renegotiated Loan multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) zero for all 
Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual 
suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect 
of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 90 days

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
but less than 181 days and (c) 100 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as 
at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days); 
AND 
(ii) 
is the aggregate "Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance" of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be calculated 
as the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation 
relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) 100 per cent 
for all Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 40 per cent for 
Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and 
(c) zero for all Non-Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), 
calculated as described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as 
described in item (i)(B) above and/or (3) the aggregate of the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal 
Balance of any Renegotiated Loan, calculated as described in item (i)(C)above, 
the result of which multiplied by the "Asset Percentage" (as defined below); 
"B" is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of Accounts (minus any amount 
deposited to the Collection Account, or on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any 
Eligible Institution, pursuant to clause 14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments 
up to the Exposure Limit, as applicable as at such date; 
"C" is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Investments and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (taking into account any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Exposure Limit pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreements for the purpose of complying with the Asset 
Coverage Test) as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts under "B" above); 
"Y" is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least "P1" by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Set-Off Amounts; 
"W" is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least "P1" by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Commingling Amount; 
"Z" means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) 0.50 per cent (the "Negative Carry Factor"); 
"Asset Percentage" means, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the lower of (a) 80.00 per cent and (b) the higher of (1) such other percentage, determined by the 
Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned by Moody’s to the Covered 
Bonds of the first Series on the Initial Issue Date; and (2) to the extent that the corporate rating of the Issuer 
by Moody’s is at the relevant date lower than the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s as at the Initial 
Issue Date, such other percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to 
obtain a rating of the Covered Bonds equal to the rating that Moody’s would have assigned by applying the 
same Moody’s methodology used to assign the rating to the Covered Bonds of the first Series on the Initial 
Issue Date and considering a scenario where the corporate rating of the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date was 
such lower rating;

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
"Latest Valuation" means the most recent valuation of the relevant property performed in accordance with 
the BoI Regulations; 
"Potential Commingling Amount" means: 
(i) 
an amount equal to 2.1 per cent of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but 
excluding any Non-Performing Loans; or 
(ii) 
if the Second Moody’s Rating Trigger is outstanding and (x) any of the remedies set out in clause 
14.1.1(i) or (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount equal to zero or (y) none 
of the remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) and (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, 
an amount equal to 2.625 per cent of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool 
but excluding any Non-Performing Loans. 
The Potential Commingling Amount will be updated at least on a quarterly basis;  
A "Second Moody’s Rating Trigger" will be deemed to be outstanding if the Issuer’s short term unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt ratings assigned by Moody’s are at any time below "P2" by Moody’s; 
"Potential Set-Off Amounts" means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool that 
could potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights, and which in any case 
will never be lower than the Moody’s Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, except when the Issuer’s short term rating is at least "P1" by Moody’s. The Potential Set-Off Amounts 
will be updated at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer of Receivables to the Guarantor; 
"Moody’s Set-Off Exposure" means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by 
the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant Seller vis à vis the 
Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction and (2) the aggregate amount 
as at the relevant date of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, 
deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant Seller vis 
à vis the Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction, minus the Moody’s 
Deposit Compensation and (b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as at the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
"Moody’s Deposit Compensation" means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under 
the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller at the Transfer Date 
of the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), 
certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller as at the 
relevant date, minus an amount equal to the instalments due and paid under the relevant Mortgage 
Loan during the immediately preceding two months, and (b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the Compensation Threshold; 
"Compensation Threshold" means Euro 100,000.00;

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
"Transfer Date" means, in respect of each Receivable arising under a Mortgage Loan, the later of (i) the date 
on which the relevant notice of assignment has been published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana and (ii) the date on which the relevant notice of assignment has been deposited with the relevant 
Companies’ Register. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial 
Seller) and any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Amortisation Test"). 
For the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the "Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" means an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A* Guarantee Asset Percentage +B+C-Z 
where: 
"A" is the aggregated amount calculated as the sum of the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period multiplied by M; and 
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M. 
For the purposes of items (i) and (ii) above, M is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up 
to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three 
months in arrears but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent for all Non-Performing Loans 
(including any unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred). 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(i) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, an Affected Loan. In this event, 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) multiplied by M (where M 
is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months in arrears or not in 
arrears, and (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears but are 
not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent for all Non-Performing Loans (including any 
unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred); and/or 
(ii) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, 
in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this 
event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
calculated by the Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (I) above and to 
be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or 
the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); and/or 
(iii) 
any Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, a Renegotiated Loan. In 
this event, the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be 
deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
each Renegotiated Loan calculated as the lower of (1) and (2) in "A" above multiplied by M (where M 
is equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have 
been suspended for less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, 
as at such date, payments have been suspended for more than 90 days but less than 181 days and 
(c) 100 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been 
suspended for more than 180 days).  
Guarantee Asset percentage is equal to 1/(75% * (1/(AP) -1)+1) where AP is the Asset Percentage used on 
the last Calculation Date preceding the service of a Notice to Pay. 
"B" is the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Cover 
Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been provisioned as at the 
relevant Calculation Date to acquire further Subsequent Portfolios or otherwise provisioned in accordance with 
the Transaction Documents. 
"C" is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Investments, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period up to the Exposure Limit, as 
applicable. 
"Z" is the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor. 
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of the Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) 
and on any other date on which the verification of the Amortisation Test is required pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal Value Test is 
deemed to be met if the Amortisation Test is met. 
Following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will be entitled to serve a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of 
the Intercreditor Agreement. To avoid any doubt the service of a Breach of the amortisation Test Notice shall 
not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Consequences of the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will be entitled to serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the 
Intercreditor Agreement and: 
(a) 
all the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable at their Outstanding Principal 
Balance together with any appropriate accrued interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance together with any appropriate 
accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, subject to adequate satisfaction before doing so, take 
such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
as it may deem fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings 
or steps unless requested or authorized to do so by a resolution of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(c) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use its best effort to sell Receivables and/or the 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in 
accordance with the provisions of this Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
See also the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement" below. 
The Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-
duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the 
Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date, that the amount of Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow 
of the Programme over the next 180 days. 
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to the 
credit of the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such liquid assets 
satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 
130. 
For so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Calculation Agent shall verify – on 
the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. For the 
avoidance of doubt all verifications made by the Calculation Agent will be based on the information provided 
by the Issuer, the Servicer, the Sellers, the Account Bank and the Paying Agents as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period. 
If, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or each other day on which the calculation of 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, upon 
notice of the Calculation Agent delivered in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer shall, or any additional Seller shall, upon indication of the Issuer, alternatively: 
(i) 
sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or the 
relevant Additional Master Transfer Agreement, as the case may be, and, to this extent, shall grant 
the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance 
with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement or the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, as the 
case may be; and/or 
(ii) 
repurchase assets by exercising the call option provided for under the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement or the relevant Additional Master Transfer Agreement, in accordance with and subject to 
the terms set out therein, and/or 
(iii) 
grant to the Guarantor funds under the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement or the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as the case may be,

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as 
practicable. 
For the entire period while the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied, no further Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may be issued being compliant with Law 130. 
See also the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement" below. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the calculation of the 
Exposure Limit is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt such calculation is performed with respect to the 
Eligible Cover Pool as of the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of the Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Limit is not correctly calculated, 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Initial Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any), the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such calculation (sending 
a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). In addition, the Issuer may, or any 
Additional Seller shall, upon indication of the Issuer: 
(i) 
in its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as the case may be; and/or 
(ii) 
in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request the Guarantor to reimburse the Subordinated 
Loan in accordance with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, as the case may be,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Limit is complied with the terms and conditions 
set out under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not breached, if the Exposure 
Limit is not complied with, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, and, acting upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders and on the basis of the Test 
Performance Report, shall give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing 
on the Investment Account in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under article 
129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b) of CRR. 
See also the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement" below. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent will verify the Minimum OC Requirement as part of the Nominal 
Value Test on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Calculation Agent shall verify (in 
addition to the Amortisation Test being met in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) that 
the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the calculation of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
If, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the calculation 
of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Minimum OC 
Requirement is not reached, the Calculation Agent shall send a written notice within 2 Business Days, to the 
Servicer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor. 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, then the Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall: 
(i) 
give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing to the Investment 
Account in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under article 129 
paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR and/or; 
(ii) 
instruct the Cover Pool Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach 
the Minimum OC Requirement. 
See also the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement" below.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall 
at all times maintain with Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as separate accounts in the name of the 
Guarantor and in the interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the "Expenses Account"; 
(b) 
the "Quota Capital Account", a euro-denominated deposit account or any other account as may 
replace it in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement into which the sum 
representing 100 per cent of the Guarantor’s equity capital (equal to Euro 10,000) has been deposited 
and will remain deposited therein for so long as all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer 
have been paid in full. 
Expenses Account 
Payments into the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
on the Initial Issue Date the Expense Required Amount was be credited on the Expenses Account out 
of the interest collections received from the Initial Receivables credited to the Collection Account during 
the period starting from the Initial Valuation Date and ending on the Initial Issue Date; 
(b) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in accordance with 
the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals the Expense Required 
Amount; and 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Expenses Account (if any) will be credited thereto. 
Withdrawals from the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
at any time the Account Bank will use the funds standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to pay 
the Expenses on the basis of the Payment Instructions from time to time received from the Guarantor 
or the Corporate Servicer; and 
(b) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in full and 
no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of 
the Expenses Account will be transferred to the Payments Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
"Expense Required Amount" means Euro 50,000. 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall 
at all times maintain with the Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the 
interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the "Collection Account"; 
(b) 
the "Payments Account"; 
(c) 
the "Cash Reserve Account";  
(d) 
the "Commingling Account"; 
(e) 
the "Investment Account"; and 
(f) 
the "Securities Account".

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Collection Account 
Payments into the Collection Account: 
(a) 
all the collections and/or recoveries arising out of the Portfolios as they are collected and/or received 
and deposited by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement 
(b) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of the Portfolios under the Master 
Transfer Agreements and the Servicing Agreement;  
(c) 
all the funds advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreements and to be used for the purposes of 
creating Eligible Deposits;  
(d) 
all other sums paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents including – for the 
avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Sellers in accordance with the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreements; and 
(e) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Collection Account (if any) will be credited thereto. 
Withdrawals from the Collection Account: 
(a) 
the Account Bank will transfer from the Collection Account to the Investment Account upon instruction 
of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the credit of, the Collection 
Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
(b) 
on quarterly basis and on the basis of the Payment Instructions from time to time received from the 
Guarantor or the Corporate Servicer, the amount necessary to fund the Payments Account; and 
(c) 
on the Initial Issue Date, the amount necessary to fund the Expense Required Amount . 
Payments Account 
Payments into the Payments Account: 
(a) 
on the second Business Day before each Guarantor Payment Date all the amounts standing to the 
credit of Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Payments Account; 
(b) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreements 
will be credited to the Payments Account, except for collateral to be credited to the relevant Swap 
Collateral Account; 
(c) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Selected Assets under the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement; 
(d) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts held with both the Account Bank (except as otherwise 
provided herein); 
(e) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Investment 
Account and, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Liquidity Buffer Account and the proceeds of 
the liquidation of the amounts invested in the Eligible Investments and Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection Period, if any, will be transferred to the 
Payments Account; 
(f) 
upon instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent any amount standing to the credit of the 
Commingling Account shall be credited on the Payments Account; 
(g) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay, any amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account shall be transferred 1 (one) Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, into the 
Payments Account;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
(h) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed in full or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Investment Account will be transferred to the Payments Account; and 
(i) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed in full or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Payments Account. 
Withdrawals from the Payments Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report 
and Payment Instructions, will, no later than 13.00 (Italian time), make those payments as are indicated 
in the relevant Payments Report in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments (including any 
payment as purchase price of Subsequent Portfolios) other than those set out in paragraph (b) below; 
and 
(b) 
one Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date falling after the service of a Notice to Pay, 
the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report and Payment Instructions, will 
transfer to the Subsequent Paying Agent the amounts necessary for the Subsequent Paying Agent to 
execute payments of interests and principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Cash Reserve Account 
Payments into the Cash Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, monies will be credited to the Cash Reserve Account in accordance 
with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals the relevant Required 
Reserve Amount on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
Withdrawals from the Cash Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on the second Business Day before each Guarantor Payment Date all the amounts standing to the 
credit of the Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Payments Account; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Cash Reserve 
Account, if any, will be transferred to the Payments Account;  
(c) 
the Account Bank will transfer from the Cash Reserve Account to the Investment Account upon 
instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the credit of, 
the Cash Reserve Account on the relevant Investment Date; and 
(d) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in full and 
no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of 
the Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Payments Account and used to make payments 
in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Commingling Account 
Payments into the Commingling Account: 
(a) 
within the fifth Business Day of each Collection Period, and in any event within 14 days following the 
BPER downgrade provided for under clause 14.1.1 of the Servicing Agreement, an amount, as 
calculated by the Servicer according to clause 14.1.1 (ii) of the Servicing Agreement, will be credited 
to the Commingling Account; 
Withdrawals from the Commingling Account: 
(a) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Commingling Account, shall be credited on the Payments 
Account upon instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(b) 
within the fifth Business Day of each Collection Period any amount exceeding the calculation provided 
by the Servicer according to clause 14.1.1 (ii) of the Servicing Agreement will be paid back to the 
Servicer; and 
(c) 
the Account Bank will transfer from the Commingling Account to the Investment Account upon 
instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the credit of, 
the Commingling Account on the relevant Investment Date. 
Investment Account 
Payments into the Investment Account: 
(a) 
(i) amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Cash Reserve Account and the 
Commingling Account will be deposited upon discretion of the Investment Agent and (ii) on each 
Liquidation Date, by 15.00 (Italian time), or any other relevant date upon liquidation of the Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to clause 4.1.4 (ii)(b) of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Eligible Investments and Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer 
Securities Account) standing to the credit of the Securities Account and (iii) the interest accrued on the 
investments until the end of the Collection Period, if any, will be credited;  
(b) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Investment Account (if any) will be credited thereto; 
Withdrawals from the Investment Account: 
(a) 
the funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) will be used to make Eligible 
Investments in accordance with clause 11 of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Investment 
Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the relevant Eligible 
Investments and Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection Period, if 
any, will be transferred to the Payments Account;  
(c) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in full and 
no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of 
the Investment Account will be transferred to the Payments Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; and 
(d) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the servicing of an Issuer Default Notice on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, all or part of the amounts standing to the credit thereof may be applied 
by the Cash Manager, in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with clause 8.3 and/or 
clause 10.3 of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Investment Date" means any date in which the Investment Agent elects to make investments according to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Securities Account 
Payments into the Securities Account: 
(a) 
all securities constituting Eligible Investments purchased upon instruction of the Investment Agent with 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account, pursuant to any order of the Investment 
Agent, and all Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than Liquid Assets 
deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) will be deposited. 
Withdrawals from the Securities Account: 
(a) 
on each Liquidation Date, by 13.00 (Italian time) the Eligible Investments standing to the credit of the 
Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds (including any interest or revenue accrued on such

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Eligible Investments) credited to the Investment Account by the Cash Manager promptly upon 
liquidation and in any case not later than 13.00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection 
Period;and 
(b) 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than Liquid Assets deposited 
on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) will be liquidated in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and proceeds (including any interest or revenue accrued on such 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets) credited to the Investment Account by the Cash Manager 
promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13.00 (Italian time) of the last day of the 
relevant Collection Period. 
"Liquidation Date" means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any amount 
other than any Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the Payments Report Date falling on 
six months after the immediately following Payments Report Date for the Principal Available Funds. 
The Guarantor may open and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at 
all times maintain with the Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the interest 
of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the "Additional Collection Accounts" and together with the Collection Account, the "Collection 
Accounts", and each of them a "Collection Account", in relation to the Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets purchased by the Guarantor from each Additional Seller 
pursuant to the relevant Additional Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
the "Liquidity Buffer Account"; and 
(c) 
the "Liquidity Buffer Securities Account". 
Liquidity Buffer Account 
Payments into the Liquidity Buffer Account: 
(a) 
a Liquidity Buffer Account may be opened in the future into which Liquid Assets (other than securities) 
may be credited for the purpose of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, including through an advance 
of the Subordinated Loan pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(b) 
the proceeds from the liquidation of the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Securities Account, also including the interest accrued on securities constituting Liquid Assets, will be 
credited; 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) will be credited thereto; 
Withdrawals from the Liquidity Buffer Account: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the 
credit balance of the Liquidity Buffer Account, will be transferred to the Payments Account; and 
(b) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay, any amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account shall be transferred 1 (one) Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, into the 
Payments Account. 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account 
Securities delivery into the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account: 
(a) 
a Liquidity Buffer Securities Account may be opened in the future into which all securities constituting 
Liquid Assets will be deposited for the purpose of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount;

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Withdrawals from the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account: 
(a) 
upon instructions of the Guarantor (as directed by the Issuer before the occurrence Notice to Pay or 
by the Cover Pool Manager following a Notice to pay and before a Guarantor Default Notice), the 
Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account may be liquidated and 
proceeds credited to the Liquidity Buffer Account. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in any such account 
becoming overdrawn. 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall 
at all times maintain with the Back-up Account Bank, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the Payments Account;  
(b) 
the Cash Reserve Account; and 
(c) 
the Collection Account. 
Under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the parties thereto agreed that upon: 
(a) 
the loss of the status of Eligible Institution by the Account Bank; 
(b) 
a change in any laws or regulations applicable to the Account Bank occurs, which may affect the ability 
and capability of Account Bank to carry out its activities hereunder; or 
(c) 
the appointment of the Account Bank being terminated for whatever reason, 
the Guarantor shall procure, within 30 calendar days, the transfer of the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Payments Account, the Cash Reserve Account and the Collection Account to the corresponding Accounts held 
with the Back-up Account Bank and the Back-up Account Bank will then perform the activities required to be 
carried out by the Account Bank, and will be subject to all the provisions applicable to the Account Bank, 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Group (including funding of the mortgage loans business of the 
Group); or 
(b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets, meeting the applicable Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
Only Tranches or Series of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social 
Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets, and meeting the relevant set of the Eligibility Criteria and any other 
criteria specified in the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Framework which is available on the Issuer's 
website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) may qualify 
as credible "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets will be 
denominated Green Bonds. According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), 
only Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Social Assets will be denominated Social 
Bonds. According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only 
Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Assets will be denominated 
Sustainability Bonds. 
In accordance with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework: 
- 
the net proceeds of each issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds will not be used to finance or refinance 
any asset or investment related to: fossil fuels, nuclear energy, weapons, alcohol, gambling, adult 
entertainment, or tobacco. Furthermore, businesses with significant involvement in environmental 
controversies or social incidents such as human rights, labour rights, health and safety at work or 
negative impacts on communities will also be excluded under the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework; 
- 
decisions relating to the selection and evaluation of Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or 
Eligible Sustainability Assets will be made by an ESG committee, comprising members of the Board of 
Directors of the Group as well as Issuer’s top representatives from all relevant business departments 
involved in the origination of the Eligible Assets, with full knowledge of the technical and sustainability 
characteristics of the Eligible Assets. With regards to the general ESG risk management, in the unlikely 
event an Eligible Asset is subject to a material ESG controversy, as determined by the Issuer’s ESG 
committee, it will be removed from the Eligible Asset Portfolio;  
- 
the Issuer’s finance department will be responsible for managing and monitoring the allocation of the net 
proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to the Eligible Asset Portfolio; 
- 
pending the full allocation of the proceeds or in the unlikely case of insufficient Eligible Assets, the Issuer 
will temporarily hold any unallocated funds in the Group’s treasury investment portfolio, in accordance 
with its liquidity policy and ESG Investment Policy;  
- 
the allocation of the net proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be 
subject to an external verification from an independent third party until full allocation, or in the event of 
significant changes in the allocation of proceeds. The post-issuance external verification report will be 
published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-
prospetti/esg-framework).  
The Issuer will publish an annual green, social and sustainability bond report on its website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-prospectus), detailing both the allocation of the net

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued, as well as the associated 
environmental and social impacts of the Eligible Asset Portfolio. The Issuer will also report on any material 
developments of the Eligible Asset Portfolio. This reporting commitment of the Eligible Asset Portfolio will cease 
once all Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds have matured. 
For the purposes of this section:  
"Eligible Asset Portfolio" means the asset portfolio identified as such in the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Eligible Green Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, published 
by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-
framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Covered Bonds.  
"Eligible Social Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Social Bond Framework, published 
by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-
framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
"Eligible Sustainability Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, 
published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-
prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"ESG Investment Policy" means the ESG investment policy prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer have appointed ISS Corporate Solutions ("ICS") to provide an independent Second Party Opinion 
("Second Party Opinion") to confirm the validity of the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Framework 
and its alignment with ICMA’s Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles, and Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines. The Second Party Opinion also includes an assessment of the compliance of the Eligible Green 
Assets with the EU Taxonomy substantial contribution criteria for Climate Change Mitigation on a best effort 
basis. 
The 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework). 
The information on the websites does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or 
approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between BPER as Initial Seller 
and the Guarantor, as subsequently amended and restated (the "BPER Master Transfer Agreement"), the 
Initial Seller (a) has transferred without recourse (pro soluto) to the Guarantor an initial portfolio of monetary 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the "Initial Receivables") and (b) may assign and transfer without 
recourse (pro soluto) any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (the 
"Subsequent Portfolio") to the Guarantor from time to time, in the cases and subject to the limits on the 
transfer of Subsequent Portfolios. 
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Loans.  
"Integration Assets" (Attività Idonee Integrative) means (i) the assets mentioned in Article 129, paragraph 1, 
letter (c), of the CRR which meet the requirements set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and 
article 7-novies of Law 130, and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned in article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) above are 
qualified as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR. 
"Mortgage Loans" means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari 
residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, let. 
(a) and (b), of the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior to the Implementation Date or, with respect 
to loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) and (f), of 
the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Public Entity Securities" means any securities which meet the requirements set out under article 129, 
paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b) and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Subsequent Portfolio" (Portafoglio Successivo) means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets which, further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, the Guarantor shall purchase 
from the Initial Seller and/or the Additional Sellers pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Valuation Date" means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 30 June 2015; and (ii) in respect of any 
portfolio of Subsequent Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent Portfolios. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined and the purchase price for the 
Subsequent Portfolios will be determined pursuant to the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Further assignments of Subsequent Portfolio 
In accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
BPER may (or, in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Tests shall) transfer further Subsequent Portfolios 
in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
to collateralise the issue of further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, each being an 
"Issuance Assignment"; 
(b) 
to invest (in whole or in part) the principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover 
Pool and/or the Principal Available Funds deriving from Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets,each 
being a "Revolving Assignment"; 
(c) 
to ensure compliance with the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount and/or the Exposure Limit in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, each 
being an "Integration Assignment".

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, in the event of breach of any or all of the Mandatory Tests 
or the Asset Coverage Test, BPER shall, or in the event of breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the 
Exposure Limit, BPER will have the faculty to sell further Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement, in aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant Tests or the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount or the Exposure Limit are met in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
Further assignments 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Portfolios shall be conditional upon: 
(a) 
for the Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) confirmation by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test, the Mandatory Tests 
and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with; 
(b) 
for the Issuance Assignments, (i) sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan, 
to pay the relevant purchase price, (ii) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (iii) confirmation 
by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test, the Mandatory 
Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with; and 
(c) 
for the Integration Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan 
and/or, only prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available 
Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) 
confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test, 
the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with. 
Each portfolio of Subsequent Receivables shall be exclusively composed of monetary receivables arising 
under Mortgage Loans, which comply with the General Criteria and, if applicable in relation to the relevant 
transfer, the Specific Criteria specified in the relevant offer for sale sent by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Price adjustments 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolio 
does not meet the Criteria and was therefore erroneously transferred to the Guarantor, then such Initial 
Receivable or Subsequent Portfolio will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any initial receivable or subsequent receivable 
which met the Criteria was not included in the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Portfolios, then 
such Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolios shall be deemed to have been assigned and 
transferred to the Guarantor as of the Valuation Date of the relevant Initial Receivable or Subsequent 
Portfolios, pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor have set up a proper 
mechanism to manage the necessary settlements for the substitution or acquisition of the relevant Initial 
Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios and the increase or decrease, as the case may be, of the amounts 
already paid as purchase price. 
Repurchase of receivables and pre-emption right 
(a) 
The Initial Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios assigned by it, also in different tranches, 
in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(b) 
According to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller is granted a pre-emption right to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios assigned by it, to be sold by the Guarantor 
to third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for such third parties. 
Termination of the Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Subsequent Portfolios 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent 
Portfolios from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the Programme 
Termination Date has occurred; or (b) a Notice to Pay has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
For the purposes hereof, "Programme Termination Date" means the date falling one year prior to the 
termination of the Guarantor according to the relevant Articles of Association. 
Moreover, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Initial Seller shall 
terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) a breach of material obligations of BPER as Initial 
Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in the event such breach is not cured within 
the period specified in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (b) any material 
breach of BPER’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party and such breach has a material adverse effect on the Covered Bondholders; (c) a material adverse 
change has occurred in respect of BPER; (d) a change of control of BPER which has caused BPER not to be 
part of the BPER Group; and (e) winding up of BPER, or opening of other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding 
with respect to BPER. 
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios from BPER without prejudice, however, with the provisions set out in the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement in relation to Integration Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Initial Seller in respect 
of its activities in relation to the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets. The Initial Seller 
has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities with respect to the Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and/or the Liquid Assets which may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any such assets and, in 
particular, not to assign or transfer the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets to any third 
party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party 
in respect of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets. The Initial Seller has also 
undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
the Liquid Assets to become invalid or cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and/or the Liquid Assets or the Covered Bond Guarantee. The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also 
provides that the Initial Seller shall waive any set off rights in respect of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and/or the Liquid Assets, and co-operate actively with the Guarantor in any activity concerning the Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a member of the BPER Group (each an 
"Additional Seller"), that will sell further Subsequent Portfolios, to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of 
certain conditions, and which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially 
the same terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each an "Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement" and, together with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the "Master Transfer 
Agreements" and, any one of them, a "Master Transfer Agreement"); and 
(ii) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached 
to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, respectively.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Governing law 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
The Guarantor appointed BPER (in such capacity, the "Servicer") as servicer of the Receivables, the Public 
Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement dated 17 September 
2015, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, as subsequently amended (the "Servicing 
Agreement").  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection with 
the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to 
be responsible for the management of the Receivables and of the Public Entity Securities respectively 
assigned by it and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei 
servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements of the Law 130. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides 
that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence, inter alia, the 
following activities: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the 
Liquid Assets, as applicable, in accordance with the collection policies, management and 
administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
being responsible for data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali) in respect of 
the data relating to the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets, as applicable, 
respectively assigned by it pursuant to Article 29 of the Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time, (the "Decree 196/2003") and to Article 4 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 ("GDPR" and, together with the Decree 196/2003, the 
"Privacy Law") and any implementing provisions thereof; 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the respective documents relating to the Receivables, the 
Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets, as applicable, respectively assigned by it; to consent to 
the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders examining and inspecting the 
documents and drawing copies; and 
(d) 
upon the service of a Notice to Pay, a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default 
Notice, to comply with the instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if 
acting on behalf of the Guarantor, sell or offer to sell to third parties one or more Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) included in the Cover Pool, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except, inter alia, for 
the supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy Regulations of 3 April 2015, No. 288, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the 
activities performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully indemnified 
for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information in respect of the 
Servicer’s activities during the preceding Collection Period, including as to the collection and recoveries made 
in respect of the Cover Pool. After the occurrence of a breach of any of the Tests, and until the date on which 
such breach has been cured, or, prior to a breach of any of the Test, at any time at its discretion, the Servicer 
will prepare and submit to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the Guarantor Calculation Agent. The reports will provide 
the main information relating to the Servicer’s activity during each such period. 
Successor Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have 
the right to withdraw the appointment of the relevant Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity (each 
a "Successor Servicer"). The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of administration, 
management and collection of the relevant Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets in 
respect of which it has been appointed, as well as all other activities provided for in the relevant Servicing 
Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as the 
relevant Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer following the 
occurrence of certain termination events set out in the Servicing Agreement (each a "Servicer Termination 
Event"). 
The Servicer Termination Events include, inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the relevant Servicer which failure continues for 
a period of five Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer of a written notice from the 
Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(b) 
the Bank of Italy has proposed to the Minister of Finance to admit the relevant Servicer to any 
insolvency proceeding or a request for the judicial assessment of the insolvency of the relevant 
Servicer has been filed with the competent office or the relevant Servicer has been admitted to the 
procedures set out in articles 74 and 76 of the Banking Act, or a resolution is passed by the relevant 
Servicer with the intention of applying for such proceedings to be initiated; 
(c) 
failure by the relevant Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of 
written notice from the Guarantor and such failure is reasonably deemed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
the representations and warranties made by the Servicer in the Transaction Documents to which it is 
a party are materially false or misleading and such misrepresentation is reasonably deemed by the 
Representative of the covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s regulations for entities 
acting as servicer; and 
(f) 
the Servicer ceases to belong to the BPER Group.  
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, it is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity agreement, 
as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, as subsequently further amended (the "BPER 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement"), pursuant to which the Initial Seller made certain representations and 
warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the portfolios of Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
transferred and to be transferred by it. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as of each subsequent 
transfer date and as of each Issue Date, the Initial Seller has given to the Guarantor, inter alia, representations 
and warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the information and the documents provided to the 
Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Receivables, Public Entity Securities and Liquid Assets assigned by it, (d) 
the status of the Receivables, Public Entity Securities and Liquid Assets assigned by it and (e) the terms and 
conditions of the Receivables assigned by it. 
Pursuant to the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Initial Seller has undertaken to fully and 
promptly indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against 
any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for 
damages by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations 
and/or warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being actually 
false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Initial Seller to perform any of the obligations and 
undertakings assumed by the Initial Seller under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
Moreover, the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement provides that, in the event of a misrepresentation or 
a breach of any of the representations and warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, which materially and adversely affects the value of one or more Receivables or Public 
Entity Securities or Liquid Assets or the interest of the Guarantor in such Receivables or Public Entity Securities 
or Liquid Assets, and such misrepresentation or breach is not cured, whether by payment of damages or 
indemnification or otherwise, by the Initial Seller within a period of 30 (thirty) days from receipt of a written 
notice from the Guarantor to that effect (the "Cure Period"), the Guarantor has the option, pursuant to article 
1331 of the Italian Civil Code, to assign and transfer to the Initial Seller all of the Receivables or the Public 
Entity Securities or the Liquid Assets affected by any such misrepresentation or breach (the "Affected 
Receivables"). The Guarantor will be entitled to exercise the put option by giving to the Initial Seller, at any 
time during the period commencing on the Business Day immediately following the last day of the Cure Period 
and ending on the day which is 180 days after such Business Day, written notice to that effect (the "Put Option 
Notice"). 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolio to the Guarantor, will be, inter alia, required to enter 
into with the Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the 
same terms and conditions of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such agreement, an 
"Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" and, together with the BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, the "Warranty and Indemnity Agreements"). 
Governing law 
The BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, as subsequently further amended (the "BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement"), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted to the Guarantor a

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
subordinated loan (the "Subordinated Loan") with a maximum amount equal to the BPER Commitment Limit. 
Under the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in amounts 
equal to the relevant price of the Receivables transferred from time to time to the Guarantor by it, including the 
Subsequent Portfolios to be transferred in order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each advance granted by 
the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term loan 
advanced to fund the purchase price of Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment 
(each being an “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan advanced for the purpose of purchasing further 
Subsequent Portfolios in the framework of an Integration Assignment (each being an “Integration Advance”); 
(c) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying any amount required to be paid as a result of an adjustment 
to be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each being a “Price Adjustment Advance"); and (d) financing the creation 
and/or the maintenance of a cash reserve composed by Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (also in the 
form of bank deposit), or the purchase of other Liquid Assets, in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount (each being an Eligible Deposits or Liquid Assets Advance and, together with any Issuance Advance, 
Integration Advance, Price Adjustment Advance, the “Advances”).  
The Guarantor shall pay any interest due under the Subordinated Loan on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the Subordinated Loan Interest. 
"Subordinated Loan Interest" means: 
(i) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and, in the event that such Notice to Pay has been revoked, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(a) 
(+) the amount of Interest Available Funds; and 
(b) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (a) to (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payment; or 
(ii) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been revoked, 
but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(a) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; and 
(b) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (a) to (vi) of the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments; or 
(iii) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice an amount equal to the higher of zero and the 
algebraic sum of: 
(a) 
the amount of Available Funds; and 
(b) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (a) to (e) of the Post-Guarantor Event 
of Default Priority of Payments. 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the latest maturity date of the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the Available Funds and in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
Notwithstanding the above, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request 
from the Initial Seller, the Advances shall be repaid by the Guarantor prior to the date that matches the maturity 
date of the relevant series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, provided that the Calculation Agent confirms that, as a result of such early repayment, 
the Asset Coverage Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor will be required to enter into with the 
Guarantor a subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and 
conditions of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement an "Additional Subordinated 
Loan Agreement" and, together with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the "Subordinated Loan 
Agreements"). 
In such event, the portion of Subordinated Loan Interest to be paid to the Initial Seller and the relevant 
Additional Sellers will be determined on the basis of the formula to be agreed from time to time by the Initial 
Seller such Additional Sellers and the Guarantor (and indicatively based on the portion of assets transferred 
by each Seller at any date with respect to the aggregate amount of the Cover Pool at the same date). 
Governing law 
The BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds (the "Covered Bond Guarantee"), in accordance with the provisions of Law 130. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee:  
(i) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay or a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be 
paid, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be 
paid, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130 and article 4 of the MEF Decree as applicable until the Implementation 
Date, and articles 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 as applicable from the 
Implementation Date, the guarantee provided under this Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand 
autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma a prima richiesta) and therefore provides for direct and 
independent obligations of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. The obligation of payment under 
this Covered Bond Guarantee shall be an unconditional and irrevocable (irrevocabile) obligation of the 
Guarantor, irrespective of, and unaffected by, any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability or genuineness of 
any of the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, with limited recourse to the Available Funds.  
The Covered Bond Guarantee is not a "fideiussione" and therefore the provisions of the Italian Civil Code 
relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della 
fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Obbligazione del fideiussore), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 
1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione 
futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, subject as described below in 
relation to an Article 74 Event or the occurrence of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) 
or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. In addition, if an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the 
relevant Final Terms, where the Guarantor is required to make a payment of a Guaranteed Amount in respect

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, to the 
extent that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking 
into account amounts ranking pari passu therewith in the relevant Priority of Payments, to pay such Guaranteed 
Amounts, it shall make partial payments of such Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments on such Maturity Date and any such amount due and remaining unpaid 
on such date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) 
the relevant Extended Maturity Date, if applicable. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default arising as a result of a resolution issued in respect of 
the Issuer pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act (an "Article 74 Event") and the service of a Notice to Pay, 
the Guarantor, in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130, shall be solely responsible 
for making the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts falling due under the relevant Covered Bonds during the 
applicable Suspension Period. The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (the "Article 74 Event Cure Notice"), 
informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, provided that in relation to such cure event, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled, if it deems appropriate, to receive and to rely 
upon prior confirmation from competent professionals of such cure event having occurred. Upon service of the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice and unless a Notice to Pay in connection with the occurrence of another Issuer 
Event of Default has been otherwise served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligation to 
make payment of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee shall cease to 
apply and the Issuer shall resume responsibility for making any payment due under the Covered Bonds. 
As of the date of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent 
permissible by law and without prejudice to the Conditions 11(a)(iv), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or 
following the service of an Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies paragraph 3 of Law 130, unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, fulfil all obligations of 
the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders within the limit of the Cover Pool and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions originally set out for the Covered Bonds. 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will become 
Pass Through Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be applied in accordance 
with the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will accelerate against 
the Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions and will become immediately due and payable ranking pari 
passu and without any preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be 
applied in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the Italian Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the 
Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the 
appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Guarantor will not be obliged 
to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Guarantor – also in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and with reference and as of the date of compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa), or, to the greatest extent permissible by law and without prejudice to the Conditions, unless

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date – shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the relevant Covered Bonds, so 
that the rights of the Covered Bondholders to receive payments under such Covered Bonds in such 
circumstances shall only be a right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal 
from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the 
Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor 
(directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall be subrogated in the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and, to the extent 
applicable, in compliance with the provisions of article 7-quaterdecies of the Law 130, the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer. Any amount so recovered from the Issuer shall form part of the Available 
Funds. 
As a result and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders) has irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Guarantor – to the Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer and to demand performance by 
the Issuer of any of its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds, including any right to enforce any 
acceleration of payment against the Issuer provided under the Conditions or under applicable laws and 
regulations. 
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms.  
"Due for Payment Date" means the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Final Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bond, the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means (i) (i) following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in 
each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, and (ii) following the service of a Breach of the 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect 
to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the 
Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date or (iii) after the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and 
unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds on the Due for 
Payment Date, including all Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional Scheduled Principal 
Amounts (whenever the same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bonds provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or Extended 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered 
Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in bankruptcy or other insolvency 
or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any 
other source (the "Clawed Back Amounts"). 
"Order" means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
"Scheduled Due for Payment Date" means:

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(i) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and (ii) only with 
respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and if the relevant Notice to Pay has been served on any CB Payment Date or within two 
Business Days after any CB Payment Date, the day which is seven Business Days after such CB 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has become a Pass Through Series, such CB Payment Date(s) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity Date of the relevant Pass 
Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date; or 
(iii) 
after the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and service of a Breach of the Amortisation 
Test Notice on the Guarantor and provided that all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds have 
become Pass Through Series, such CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
provided that the final Maturity Date of all outstanding Pass Through Series shall be the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
"Scheduled Interest" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where applicable 
after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each 
case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of 
any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. The Scheduled Interest 
shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amounts relating to 
premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to 
Pay (the "Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts"); and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not 
become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
"Scheduled Payment Date" means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB 
Payment Date. 
"Scheduled Principal" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may 
be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: (i) prior to 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest payable by the Issuer following 
the service of a Notice to Pay (the "Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts"); and (ii) after the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) 
had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms 
specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
"Suspension Period" means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to article 
74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer and ending on the date on which the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing 
such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 
130, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that falls due and payable during such 
period. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently 
amended (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the 
Guarantor with certain corporate, administrative and accounting services, including the keeping of the 
corporate books and of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently 
amended, (the "Intercreditor Agreement") among the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, BPER 
in any capacity, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment Agent, the Account Bank, the Back-up Account Bank, 
the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the 
Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Calculation Agent 
(with the exception of the Guarantor, the "Secured Creditors"), the parties agreed that all the Available Funds 
of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the 
Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to the 
service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, ensure that all the Available 
Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as 
well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with, respectively, the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test 
Priority of Payments and the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each 
case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement, as security for the discharge of the Secured Amounts, the Guarantor has 
undertaken to create the securities under the Italian Deed of Pledge and the English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment (the “Security”). 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the Secured Creditors have irrevocably 
agreed that, upon all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the activities 
provided by the Cover Pool Administration Agreement following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice and 
(b) to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as a mandatario con rappresentanza of the 
Guarantor, also in the interest and for the benefit of the other Secured Creditors (according to Article 1723, 
paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code), any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights, including, without 
limitation, the right to give instructions, under each relevant Transaction Document, to each of the Back-up 
Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Sellers, the Subordinated Loan Providers, the 
Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and any other Secured Creditors. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result of its taking any action or failing to take any action in 
accordance with such mandate, except in the case of its wilful misconduct or gross negligence (dolo o colpa 
grave).

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer will publish, on its website and at least on a quarterly basis, 
a report containing information on the Programme as required by, article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130 and 
Section V of the BoI Regulations. 
"Guarantor’s Rights" means the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to the Cover Pool, any rights that 
the Guarantor has under the Transaction Documents and any other rights that the Guarantor has against any 
Secured Creditors (including any applicable guarantors or successors) or third parties in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Secured Amounts” means all amounts due, owing or payable by the Guarantor, whether present or future, 
actual or contingent, to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bonds and the other Secured Creditors 
pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents, including, without limitations, all amounts due as payment of 
principal and interest, expenses, penalty interest and charges (including if incurred in connection with the 
recovery of sums due under any of the Transaction Documents and with the enforcement of the Security), 
fees, indemnities and damages, any amounts due as a result of any undue payment and/or unjust enrichment 
or as a consequence of any claw back action and/or voidance of any payments made under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Bank, the Back-up Account 
Bank, the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders entered into a cash management and agency agreement, as subsequently amended, 
(the "Cash Management and Agency Agreement"), pursuant to which each of the Account Bank, the Back-
up Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Investment 
Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent has 
undertaken to provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and reporting services, together with 
account handling and cash management services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit 
of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
5 (five) Business Days after the end of the Calculation Period or any other date on which the Tests are 
to be performed and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement are to be verified pursuant to the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the 
Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with a report together with account handling 
services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(b) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will, inter alia, calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date (including, if any, amounts due to, respectively, BPER pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreements) pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and 
deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Cash Manager payments report to that effect (the 
"Payments Report");  
(c) 
upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible 
Investments and the amounts of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and will, prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders a report to that effect (the "Post-Acceleration Report");  
(d) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with an investors report (the 
"Investors Report") which will set out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the 
Covered Bonds; the Investors Report will be fully available at the Guarantor Calculation Agent web 
site no later than five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
the Primary Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents; and 
(f) 
after the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise 
revoked in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Subsequent 
Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds. 
Account Bank 
The Collection Account, the Payments Account, the Cash Reserve Account, the Commingling Account, the 
Investment Account, the Securities Account, the Swap Collateral Account, the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) 
and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) have been opened and will be opened, as the case may 
be, in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the Account Bank, and the amounts standing to the 
credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
The Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account shall be operated by any bank as selected by the 
Corporate Servicer and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Account Bank shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect of all the 
Accounts are maintained and such records will, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date, as 
the case may be, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the close of 
business of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the 
Accounts, respectively, as of the close of business of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; and (iii) 
details of all amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made from, each of the Accounts, respectively, in 
the course of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Account Bank will inform the Guarantor and/or 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, upon their request, about the balance of those of the Accounts 
which are held with it. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager, the Subsequent Paying Agent, 
the Account Bank shall always qualify as an Eligible Institution, and failure to so qualify shall constitute a 
termination event thereunder. 
Investment Agent 
During each Collection Period, the Investment Agent may instruct the Account Bank and the Cash Manager 
to invest on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account in Eligible 
Investments which have the requisite maturity date, and any return generated thereby, and principal thereof, 
will be transferred to the Investment Account, and will form part of the Available Funds on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Investment Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the types and 
amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on 
which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
On or prior to the Investors Report Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Rating Agency, the Investors Report setting out certain information with respect to the Cover 
Pool and the Covered Bonds. 
On each Payments Report Date, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will calculate the amounts to be disbursed 
on the following Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and 
submit to the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Swap Counterparties, 
the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer the relevant Payments Report. The Payments Report will set 
out the Available Funds and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date 
in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments Report will be available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if 
the Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the Payments 
Account and shall be considered as Available Funds and applied on the immediately following Guarantor 
Payment Date.  
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the 
Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such amounts 
shall be applied to make payments under the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent shall, on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible Investments and the 
amounts of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in accordance with the 
Intercreditor Agreement and will prepare and submit the Post-Acceleration Report to, inter alios, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, each of the Secured Creditors, the Issuer and the Rating Agency 
as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of request for its production and, in any event, no later 
than five Business Days following such request.  
"Payments Report Date" means five Business Days following each Calculation Date. 
"Investors Report Date" means five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the provisions of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement, execute the payment instructions stated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and shall 
allocate the amounts standing on the Accounts according to the relevant Priority of Payments on the basis of 
the Payments Report or the Post-Acceleration Report (as applicable). 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare the Test Performance Reports, subject to receipt by it of reports from the 
Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Primary Paying Agent 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise 
revoked in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Primary Paying Agent 
will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Subsequent Paying Agent 
After the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Subsequent Paying Agent shall 
make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks, the Cash Manager or the Subsequent 
Paying Agent ceasing to qualify as Eligible Institutions, either the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
or the Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
consents in writing to such termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, 
under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The opening and managing provisions concerning the Investment Account, the Securities Account and the 
Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, (and the duties of the Account Bank in respect thereof) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders have entered into a cover pool 
administration agreement, as subsequently amended (the "Cover Pool Administration Agreement"). 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer, also in its capacity as Initial Seller and the 
Guarantor have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a 
breach of the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or miscalculation of the Exposure Limit or of a breach 
of the Minimum OC Requirement (as described in detail in the section headed "Credit structure – Tests" below). 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant 
to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and 
until the Programme Termination Date that the Mandatory Test (as described in detail in the section headed 
"Credit structure – Tests" below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor,

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, that the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in the section headed "Credit structure – Tests") is met. 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on 
each Calculation Date that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or 
higher than the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (as defined in the section headed "Credit structure – Tests"). 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial 
Seller) and any Additional Seller will ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the 
service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed "Credit structure – Tests") is 
met. 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
shall verify the compliance, on a continuous basis, with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, it being understood that calculation of the Mandatory Tests shall be 
performed consistently with the provisions set out in article 7-undecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, that the Asset Coverage Test is 
met as of the date specified in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and, following the service of a Notice 
to Pay, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed "Credit structure – Tests") is met. 
Moreover, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding the Calculation Agent shall 
verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – 
that (a) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on each other day on which the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the provisions 
of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (b) the Exposure Limit 
has been correctly calculated on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other 
day on which the Exposure Limit is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, that the Minimum OC Requirement is 
met as part of the Nominal Value Test and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor), in addition to the Amortisation 
Test being met in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that the Minimum OC 
Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the calculation of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report is to be delivered pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Swap Counterparties, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Rating Agency and the Asset 
Monitor, a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests (the "Test Performance 
Report"). Such report shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Limit and, if applicable, the Asset Coverage Test and/or the 
Amortisation Test and/or the Minimum OC Requirement.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach of 
any Test, the Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent use 
the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the 
Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Portfolios, in an amount 
sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date. Failing the Issuer to 
cure the Tests, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, 
sufficient Subsequent Portfolios. If the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following Monthly Calculation 
Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the "Breach of Tests Notice") on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the relevant Tests are not satisfied on or before the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its 
sole discretion, and shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach 
of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor), the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds) 
direct – in the date falling (i) within 30 calendar days after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor following a non-payment referred to under Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (ii) in any other case 
of a service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor other than for a non-payment, six months prior 
to the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (the Sale Date) – the Servicer to sell the 
Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, other than 
Eligible Deposits, in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject to 
the pre-emption right of the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds 
from any such sale shall be credited to the Payments Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority 
of Payments. 
The Guarantor shall, through a tender process, appoint a bank or investment company or an auditing firm of a 
recognised standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or financing of portfolio of 
receivables, to act as cover pool manager (the Cover Pool Manager), on a basis intended to incentivise the 
Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (if such terms are commercially available 
in the market), and to advise it in relation to the sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-
emption rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the Cover 
Pool Manager in accordance with such tender shall be approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. The instructions given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in line with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and will include the duty to prepare and send to the Rating Agency 
a business plan containing any relevant information on the sale of assets performed by it pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. The Servicer will be required to comply with the 
directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. Upon its appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall accede to 
the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the applicable obligations provided therein. 
Before offering Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool (other 
than Eligible Deposits) for sale in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Guarantor 
shall ensure that the assets to be offered for sale (the Selected Assets): (i) have been selected from the Cover 
Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets will be selected than it is necessary to raise disposal 
proceeds as close as possible but in any case higher than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount (as

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
defined below) of the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds in a 
total amount calculated in accordance to the following formula: 
Adjusted 
Required 
Redemption Amount 
X 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Receivables and 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover 
Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding 
 
For the purposes of the formula above: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means an amount equal to:  
(i) 
the Required Redemption Amount of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds; 
plus or minus 
(ii) 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered 
Bonds) or by the relevant Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
(iii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Euro Equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Liquid Assets and/or Eligible Investments, 
without double counting any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised in the Selected 
Assets; plus 
(iv) 
all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment Dates, up until the Maturity Date 
of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, to repay amounts ranking in priority or pari passu to the 
amounts to be paid on the Earliest Maturity Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority of Payments. 
Required Redemption Amount means, (a) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of (i) the weighted 
average remaining maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 365, 
(ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, 
and (iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
The sale of the Selected Assets will be executed provided that: 
(a) 
prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets the Amortisation Test is complied with; and 
(b) 
the proceeds of the sale of the Selected Assets are equal to or higher than the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount of the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds. 
If the sale of the Selected Assets has not been executed by the first Sale Date, then the Guarantor shall repeat 
its attempt to sale the Selected Asset, ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have 
the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, starting 
from the date falling six months after the first Sale Date and thereafter every sixth months until the earlier of (i) 
the date of which a breach of the Amortisation Test occurred (in which case the provisions under the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement), (ii) the service of a Guarantor Default Notice occurred (in which case the 
provisions under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), (iii) the date on which all the Covered Bonds have 
been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, (iv) the 
Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
At the Extended Maturity Date unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Guarantor shall (so authorised by means of 
execution of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with 
the Servicer, to immediately sale the Selected Assets at the best price reasonably obtainable taking into 
account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will 
have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may assign to the purchaser of Selected Assets or 
terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, 
subject to (i) the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, (ii) the consent of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders and (iii) confirmation by Moody’s that any such assignment or termination will not 
adversely affect the then current ratings of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor (but prior to the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could 
liaise with the Servicer, to immediately sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) 
pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the 
Payments Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, through a tender process, appoint 
a Cover Pool Manager, on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price 
for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, other 
than Eligible Deposits (if such terms are commercially available in the market), and to advise them in relation 
to the sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, other 
than Eligible Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement).  
To avoid any doubt, provided that after the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice all the outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds have become Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the sale of the Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be 
executed ensuring that the assets to be offered for sale (the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice) (i) have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected 
Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice will be selected than it is necessary to raise 
disposal proceeds as close as possible but in any case higher than: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of any outstanding Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds; plus or 
minus 
(ii) 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered 
Bonds) or by the relevant Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
(iii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Euro Equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Liquid Assets and Eligible Investments, 
without double counting any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised in the Selected 
Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice. 
If the sale of the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice could not be 
immediately executed according to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement – being such a 
sale date defined as the Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice – then the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with the Servicer to repeat its attempt to sale the 
Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, ensuring that the Initial Seller or 
any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement, starting from the date falling six months after the first Sale Date After the Service 
of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice and thereafter every sixth months until the earlier of (i) the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor occurred, (ii) the date on which all the Covered Bonds have been 
redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, (iii) the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
At the Extended Maturity Date unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final terms, the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution 
of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with the 
Servicer, to immediately sale the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice at 
the best price reasonably obtainable taking into account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the 
Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance 
with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, may assign to the 
purchaser of Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or terminate, if so 
requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to the 
relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement), instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to 
procure that all Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool 
(other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably 
obtainable in each case taking into account the market conditions at that time, subject to any pre-emption right 
of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The 
proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Payments Account and applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, through a tender process, appoint a Cover Pool 
Manager, on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of 
the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible 
Deposits (if such terms are commercially available in the market), and to advise it in relation to the sale of 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible 
Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets included in the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement). The instructions 
given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in line with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer will be required to comply with the directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. Upon its 
appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the 
applicable obligations provided therein.  
With respect to any sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover 
Pool, other than Eligible Deposits, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf 
of the Guarantor, may assign to the purchaser of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
included in the Cover Pool or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. entered into a quotaholders’ agreement, as subsequently amended (the "Quotaholders’ Agreement") 
containing provisions and undertakings in relation to the management of the Guarantor. In addition, pursuant 
to the Quotaholders’ Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has granted a call option in 
favour of the Issuer to purchase from SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and the Issuer has 
granted a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. to sell to the Issuer the quota 
of the Guarantor quota capital held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.. 
Governing law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of Covered Bondholders, the 
Arranger and the Initial Dealer entered into a programme agreement, as subsequently amended (the 
"Programme Agreement"), which contains certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be 
issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any 
Series or Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in 
reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be 
made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under 
any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Initial Dealer has appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, which appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, 
expenses and claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on, 
breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer: (a) generally 
in respect of the Programme; or (b) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market-making provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Guarantor have given certain representations and 
warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information given by them in connection 
with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Subscription Agreement 
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in 
relation to the syndicated issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties to such Subscription 
Agreement (the "Relevant Dealers") will enter into a subscription agreement under which the Relevant 
Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out 
therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed a deed of charge (the "English Law Deed of 
Charge and Assignment") pursuant to which the Guarantor has granted in favour of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders for itself and as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, inter alia, (i) an English law assignment by way of security of all the Guarantor’s rights under the 
Swap Agreements and all present and future contracts, agreements, deeds and documents governed by 
English law to which the Guarantor may become a party in relation to the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool; 
(ii) an English law charge over the Investment Account, the Securities Account and the Swap Collateral 
Account(s), if any, any amounts standing to the credit of, or deposited in, such accounts and the rights and 
benefits arising from such accounts; and (iii) a floating charge over all of the Guarantor’s assets which are 
subject to the charge and assignments described under (i) and (ii) above and not effectively assigned 
thereunder. 
Governing law 
The English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed a mandate agreement, as subsequently 
amended (the "Mandate Agreement"), pursuant to which the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable mandate 
to the Representative of Covered Bondholders for the exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain 
circumstances indicated in the Mandate Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Swap Agreements 
Covered Bond Swaps 
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date 
with the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate, basis, and/or, if applicable, 
currency, risks in respect of, after the service of a Notice to Pay, amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect 
of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle 
either party to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the respective Covered Bond Swap

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Covered Bond Swap Counterparty 
to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights 
and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an adequately rated 
third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled 
to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of 
the respective Covered Bond Swap. 
No Covered Bond Swap has been entered into in connection with both the first and the second Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, the 
Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparties. 
Any such Mortgage Pool Swap will hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in 
the Cover Pool. 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle 
either party to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. In particular, the respective Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty 
to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights 
and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an adequately rated 
third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled 
to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Mortgage Pool Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of 
the respective Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap, which may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and (ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty respectively, 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association Inc. ("ISDA") and relevant Credit Support Annex ("CSA"). 
Pursuant to the relevant CSA, if required to do so following a downgrade of the relevant Swap Counterparty 
or the downgrade of such Swap Counterparty’s credit support provider, as the case may be, and subject to the 
conditions specified in the CSA, such Swap Counterparty will make transfers of collateral (either cash or 
securities) to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the "Collateral"), 
to the Swap Collateral Account opened in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty . 
Collateral (and all income in respect thereof) transferred to the relevant Swap Collateral Account will only be 
available to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the 
relevant Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant CSA. 
Any Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant CSA and not under the Priorities of Payments.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions described 
in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to 
be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130. General remarks 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation 
process and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted into law by law 14 May 2005, No. 80, added Articles 7-bis 
and 7-ter to the Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as applicable until the entry into force of BoI Regulations, 
in view of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques in view of issuing covered bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
The Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was further amended by Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 as 
converted with amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014 and by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 and by Law Decree no. 34 of 30 April 2019, 
as converted with amendments into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank 
of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV 
Package and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. 
Following the publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, which added a new Chapter 3 ("Obbligazioni bancarie garantite") in Part III contained therein, 
the provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been 
abrogated. 
As above mentioned, on 18 December 2019 the Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation, 
amending the CRR, have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union, with the aim of 
harmonising the regime on covered bonds in the European Union. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public 
supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for 
additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. 
On 30 November 2021 the Decree 190/2021 implementing the Covered Bond Directive, which modified the 
Law 130, was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1st 
December 2021. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of the Law 130 (as applicable until the entry 
into force of the BoI Regulations) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130, which sets out the 
legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the BoI Regulations. 
In accordance with the Decree 190/2021: 
(a) 
until the Implementation Date, covered bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law 
No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI Regulations, the MEF Decree, 
the previous version of the Bank of Italy "Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche" dated 17 December 
2013 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) and the previous version of article 129 of the CRR; 
and

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
(b) 
as of the Implementation Date, covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of 
the Law 130, the BoI Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR as amended by the Covered Bond 
Regulation.  
Pursuant to Title I-bis of Law 130, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true sale 
(by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of 
securitisation transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-novies of Law 130, where the 
sale is to a special purpose vehicle created in accordance with Article 7-septies of Law 130 and all amounts 
paid by the debtors are to be used by the relevant special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations 
under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of other 
banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds (being the Covered Bond Guarantee). 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter b) of the Law 130, the purchase price of the assets to be 
comprised in the cover pool shall be financed through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks 
selling the assets or a different bank. The payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan 
shall be subordinated to the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle vis-à-vis the covered 
bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the assigned 
receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim 
in relation to any payment of other costs of the transaction. 
Under the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by banks which individually satisfy, or which 
belong to banking groups which on a consolidated basis satisfy, certain requirements related to the regulatory 
capital and the solvency ratio. Such requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the assets, 
where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the "Decree 53/2015") issued by the Ministry for Economy 
and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 came into 
force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the 
assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 
of the Banking Act (such as Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the 
general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Act. 
Eligibility criteria of the claims  
Pursuant to article 7-novies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the following assets may be assigned to the purchasing 
company: 
(a) 
provided that the issuing bank complies with the requirements set forth under Article 129, paragraphs 
1a, 1b, 1c, 1d, 2 and 3 of the CRR, eligible assets pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, 
including, inter alia: 
(A) 
mortgage receivables secured by residential real estate assets in accordance with article 129, 
paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR (the "Residential Mortgage Receivables"); 
(B) 
mortgage receivables secured by non residential real estate assets in accordance with article 
129, paragraph 1, lett. (f) of the CRR (the "Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables" and, 
together with the Residential Mortgage Receivables, the "Mortgage Receivables"); and 
(C) 
Public Entity Securities. 
(b) 
Liquid Assets. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of Law 130:

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
(i) 
the real estate assets securing the receivables must be located in an Admitted State (as defined 
below); 
(ii) 
such real estate assets must be insured against the risk of damage; 
(iii) 
if such the real estate asset is located in an Admitted State other than a Member State of the European 
Union, the relevant security interest must be enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and may be 
enforced within a reasonable time; 
(iv) 
the hardening period for the claw back of the relevant security interest has elapsed; and 
(v) 
in case of Assets which are not directly originated by the issuing bank, the issuing bank has performed 
an evaluation of the credit quality of the debtors prior to the transfer to the Cover Pool or has verified 
the adequacy of the credit quality evaluation criteria adopted by the originator of the eligible assets. 
For the purposes of this section, "Admitted States" means any States belonging to the European Economic 
Space and Switzerland. 
Ring Fencing of the assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction, the relevant collections and 
the financial assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant receivables will by operation of 
law be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those relating 
to the other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same special purpose vehicle. On a winding-up of such a 
special purpose vehicle, such assets will only be available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which 
the special purpose vehicle has issued a guarantee and to the other Secured Creditors. In addition, the assets 
relating to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued under any other 
covered bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle.Law 130 provides, inter alia, 
that the bank accounts used in the context of securitisation or covered bonds transactions are not subject to 
actions or claims by parties other than the holders of the securities of the specific transaction and that the 
possible commencement of insolvency proceedings against the depositary does not give rise to the suspension 
of payments on the sums standing to the credit of the accounts opened with the same depositary, even in 
connection with sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the insolvency proceedings. 
Indeed, the Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 (Decreto Competitività) as converted with amendments into 
Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 ("Law Decree 91") provides that such sums are immediately available, without 
any need for specific requests or claims (domanda di ammissione al passivo o di rivendica) in the context of 
the insolvency proceedings and outside of the applicable insolvency distributions (fuori dei piani di riparto o di 
restituzione di somme). 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of the 
Banking Act. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 4 of 
Law 130, is that the assignment can be perfected against the originator, assigned debtors and third party 
creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Italian Official Gazette and by way of registration of such notice 
in the register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) at which the purchaser is registered, so avoiding the need 
for notification to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official 
Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is 
registered, the assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of the 
notice, commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables;

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a debtor 
to the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to Article 67 of 
Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare), (the "Bankruptcy Law") or, after the 
entry into force of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019, as amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time (the "Italian Insolvency Code"), article 166 or 164, paragraph 1 of the 
Italian and Insolvency Code; and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date 
of publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security 
interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to 
and perfected with the same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official 
Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is 
registered, no legal action may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom 
other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and other creditors for 
costs incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Notice of the initial assignment of the Initial Receivables pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
was published in the Italian Official Gazette and was filed with the relevant Register of Enterprises. 
However, Article 7-octies, paragraph 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the 
assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given by way of 
publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail with return receipt to the relevant public 
administrations. 
Assignments under Law 130 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, article 166 of the Italian Insolvency 
Code, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into within three months of the adjudication of 
bankruptcy of the relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies or, after the entry into 
force of the Italian Insolvency Code, paragraph 1 article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, within six months 
of the adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the Covered Bond Guarantee are 
subject to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, or, after the entry into force of the 
Italian Insolvency Code, of article 166, paragraph 4, of the Italian Insolvency Code, pursuant to which the 
provisions of Article 67 or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, of article 166 of the Italian 
Insolvency Code, relating to the claw-back of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not 
apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not 
be subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force 
of the of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 164 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
Coverage Requirements  
Pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent 
different from the issuer) will have to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the following mandatory tests are 
complied with:

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
(a) 
the aggregate nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the aggregate 
nominal amount of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special purpose 
vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into 
in relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the outstanding 
covered bonds; and 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne by the 
special purpose vehicle, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the issuer 
under the outstanding covered bonds, also taking into account any hedging arrangements entered into 
in relation to the transaction. 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, inter alia, 
with the following criteria: 
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130, unsecured receivables, in the event 
of a default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR, shall not contribute to the calculations of the mandatory 
tests; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of Law 130, the costs related to maintenance and 
administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds programme may be calculated as a lump 
sum; 
(iii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of Law 130, the Liquid Assets shall contribute to 
the calculations of the mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as 
eligible assets set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of the Law 130; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of Law 130, the calculation of the interest 
generated by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due by the Issuer on the OBG 
outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent with the applicable 
accounting principles; 
(v) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of Law 130, the methodologies for the calculation 
of the numerator and denominator of the mandatory tests are based on criteria consistent with each 
other. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by the eligible 
assets pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level 
of 5% of overcollateralisation. 
The liquidity buffer requirement 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing basis, for the 
entire duration of the cover bond programme, that the cover pool include a liquidity buffer amount that is at 
least equal to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity over the next 180 days. 
The liquidity buffer requirement shall be met with the following liquid assets having the characteristics set forth 
in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130 (each being a Liquid Asset): 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61); 
(ii) 
exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit quality 
steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited 
recourse to the portfolio of assets comprised in the cover pool, irrevocable, callable on demand, unconditional 
and independent from the obligations assumed by the issuer under the covered bonds. Accordingly, such 
obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited 
recourse to the assets comprised in the cover pool, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability 
of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, Article 7-
quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130 provides that the following provisions of the Italian civil code, generally 
applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply: (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione 
shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) Article 1941, paragraph 1, providing 
that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for 
conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) Article 1944, paragraph 2, providing, 
inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the 
guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) 
Article 1945, providing that the guarantor can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the 
guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the part 
of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) 
where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, 
pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future 
receivables shall not be liable where the creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended 
credit to a third party, while being aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that 
recovering the receivable would have become significantly more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, providing, inter 
alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, 
provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently 
pursued them. 
The obligations of the special purpose vehicle following a liquidation of the issuer 
The Law 130 also set out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations of the 
special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer. To that effect, it requires that the Covered Bond 
Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the 
issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130 provides that, in the event of breach by the 
issuer of its obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the 
obligations of the issuer – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions 
originally set out for the covered bonds. The same provision applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory 
liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa).  
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the Italian 
civil code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Pursuant to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the limitation in 
the application of Article 1186 of the Italian civil code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned 
therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130, in case of compulsory liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or resolution (risoluzione) of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall 
assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover pool – 
in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds and shall exercise the 
rights of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal regime applicable to the

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be 
deemed to be included in the cover pool. 
In the event of a suspension of payments pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act, the special purpose vehicle 
shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover 
pool – only with respect to the receivables due and payable during the suspension period. The special purpose 
vehicle shall exercise recourse against the issuer for the amounts paid. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of Law 130, in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the issuer, the covered bonds holders shall concur to the distribution of the issuer’s assets, 
to the extent remaining after the enforcement of the Covered Bond Guarantee, with the unsecured creditors 
of the issuer, including, in the case provided for in article 7-quinquiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the 
derivates counterparties. 
Controls over the transaction 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of 
covered bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the special 
purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank shall request 
to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the activities carried out by 
that auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the 
purchase price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply 
when preparing its financial statements. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if the assignment 
is made at the book value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on 
which the auditors have issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any 
difference between the book value and the purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard 
financial fluctuations of the relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects 
of those assets and/or the credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing banks must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk management 
verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the assets sold to the special 
purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue and with the liquidity buffer requirement, in 
accordance with articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of Law 130 and Section III of the BoI 
Regulations; 
(c) 
compliance with the internal operational limits on the sale of eligible assets and and limit to the 
integration of the cover pool set out by the BoI Regulations;  
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements entered 
into in connection with the transaction; and 
(e) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant 
to Section V of the BoI Regulations. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an assessment 
is carried out of the legal aspects of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal opinions setting out an 
in-depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the 
characteristics of the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130, the controls on (a) the regularity of the transaction, (b) the 
compliance with the requirement of Section III of the BoI Regulations, (c) the integrity of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and (d) on the disclosure to investors will also be carried out by the Asset Monitor. The Asset 
Monitor shall be an auditing firm having professional experience which is adequate in relation to the tasks 
entrusted with the same and independent from: (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing of the issuing bank 
or of the other entities taking part to the transaction; (b) the bank which is granting the relevant mandate; and 
(c) the other entities which take part to the transaction. 
Based upon controls carried out and assessments on the performance of transactions, the Asset Monitor shall 
prepare annual reports, to be addressed, inter alia, to the control body of the bank which granted the mandate 
to the Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations cite the provisions (articles 52 and 61, para 5, of the Banking Act), 
which impose on persons responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy 
and to the provisions of article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can fulfil, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations 
arising under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management 
techniques for purposes of assuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, stability 
between the payment dates of the cash flows generated under the assets assigned to the special purpose 
vehicle, and included in the latter’s segregated portfolio, and the payments dates with respect to payments 
due by the issuing bank in connection with the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bond transactions shall assume 
contractual undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank (and the third party servicer, if any) to 
hold the information on the assigned assets (including the status thereof) which are necessary for the carrying 
of the controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory reporting 
obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership to the central credit 
register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, including 
on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, information on issuance 
programmes in order to enable investors to perform an informed assessment of the issuances and the 
associated risks. 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations has been further supplemented by Section V of the BoI Regulations, which 
sets out the relevant information to be provided to the investors. 
Insolvency proceedings 
On 15 July 2022, Legislative Decree No. 14/2019, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 26 October 
2020, by Law Decree No. 118 of 24 August 2021 and by Legislative Decree No. 83 of 17 June 2022 (the 
"Italian Insolvency Code" ) entered into force setting out, inter alia, a new regime for insolvency and 
turnaround procedures. 
Except for certain provisions which are applicable since 16 March 2019 (including, inter alia, with reference to 
certain organisational duties for Italian corporates), 20 November 2020 and 15 November 2021, the provisions 
of the Italian Insolvency Code apply to turnaround and insolvency proceedings started from 15 July 2022 
(included) onwards. 
The Bankruptcy Law is still applicable to turnaround and insolvency proceedings whose petition has been filed 
with the competent court before 15 July 2022 (excluded). 
Under the Italian Insolvency Code, insolvency proceedings (procedure concorsuali) conducted under Italian 
law may take the form of, inter alia, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), compolsury administrative

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), creditors’ agreements (concordato preventivo and accordi di 
ristrutturazione dei debiti), certified plan agreements (accordi in esecuzione di piani attestati di risanmento), 
moratorium agreements (convenzione di moratoria). The Italian Insolvency Code also governs, inter alia, (i) 
negotiated settlement procedures (composizione negoziata della crisi) and (ii) simplified composition with 
creditors (concordato semplificato). 
The regime set forth under the Italian Insolvency Code as described in this paragraph is only applicable to 
certain businesses either run by companies or by individuals to the extent certain requirements are met. 
A debtor (other than, among others, banks to which the procedures summarised in the below paragraphs 
apply) can be subject to judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale) proceeding, pursuant to the Italian 
Insolvency Code, if it is declared insolvent by a court (at its own initiative, or at the initiative of any of its creditors 
or the public prosecutor or the supervising internal bodies or the supervising administrative authorities). 
Insolvency occurs when the relevant entity is not able to fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. Upon the 
declaration of insolvency (sentenza di apertura di liquidazione giudiziale), inter alia, the relevant entity loses 
control over all its assets and the management of its business, which is taken over by a court appointed 
receiver (curatore). The creditors’ claims have to be filed with the bankruptcy estate and are subject to 
verification by the delegated judge while the sale of the debtor’s assets is conducted in accordance with a 
liquidation plan drafted by the court appointed receiver and approved by the creditors’ committee. 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor may propose to its creditors to implement a 
turnaround proceeding, including a composition with creditors proposal (proposta di concordato preventivo) 
pursuant to articles 84 and following of the Italian Insolvency Code, a restructuring plan subject to 
homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione) pursuant to articles 64-bis and following of 
the Italian Insolvency Code, restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti) pursuant 
to articles 57 and following of the Italian Insolvency Code, certified plan agreements (accordi in esecuzione di 
piani attestati di risanamento) pursuant to articles 56 of the Italian Insolvency Code or moratorium agreements 
(convenzione di moratoria) pursuant to article 62 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
The Italian Insolvency Code also sets out the regime for (i) the negotiated settlement procedures 
(composizione negoziata) which is aimed at facilitating the solution to a situation of the debtor being in a net 
worth or economical or financial unbalance (squilibrio patrimoniale o economico-finanziario) that would 
probably lead to distress or insolvency; and (ii) simplified composition with creditors (concordato semplificato) 
which aims at liquidating all the debtor’s assets in order to distribute the relevant proceeds to its creditors and 
whose proposal may be filed by the relevant debtor in case of a negative outcome of the negotiated settlement 
procedure, provided that the expert certifies in the final report that the relevant negotiations in the negotiated 
settlement phase have been carried out fairly and in good faith. 
A moratorium regime in relation to the start and/or continuation of enforcement and interim actions (azioni 
esecutive e cautelari) for pre-existing claims is provided, subject to certain requirements and for specific 
timeframes, in the context of, among others, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), concordato preventivo 
proceedings, restructuring plan subject to homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione), 
restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti) and negotiated settlement procedures 
(composizione negoziata). 
The Italian Insolvency Code provides that consumers and other entities which cannot be subject to insolvency 
proceedings may benefit from special proceedings for the restructuring of their debts. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche where: (a) serious administrative 
irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s activity provided for articles of 
association, regulations or the bank’s by-laws activity are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to 
occur; (c) the dissolution has been the object of a request by the administrative bodies or an extraordinary 
company meeting providing the reasons for the request.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
According to the Banking Act, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Bank of Italy, which shall terminate 
the board of directors and the board of auditors of the bank. Subsequently, the Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) 
one or more special administrators (commissari straordinari); and (b) an oversight committee composed of 
between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). The commissari straordinari is entrusted with the 
duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove the irregularities which may have been found and promote 
solutions in the best interest of the depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises auditing 
functions and provides to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. 
However, it should be noted that the Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari 
and the comitato di sorveglianza providing specific safeguards and limits concerning the management of the 
bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, the commissari straordinari, in order to protect the interests of the creditors, in 
consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may suspend 
payment of the bank’s liabilities and the restitution to customers of financial instruments. Payments may be 
suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be extended for an additional two months. 
The amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche usually lasts one year (unless the decree provides for a 
shorter period or the supervisory authority closes the proceeding in advance). If the circumstances for the 
activation of the procedure remain, it may be extended for one or more period of one year. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps for the 
appointment of the bodies governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After the appointment, the 
management and audit functions shall be transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should, however, be 
noted that, should at the end of the procedure or at any earlier time the conditions for the declaration of the 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa (described in the following section) be met, the bank may be subject to such 
procedure. 
The Banking Act also provides that, in the circumstances that may trigger extraordinary administration, the 
Bank of Italy may appoint one or more temporary administrator to assist the management body of the bank. 
The supervisory authority may determine the powers of the relevant administrator and condition certain 
management decisions to the prior approval of the administrator(s). 
Specific rules apply in the case of banking groups. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Banking Act, when the conditions for the Amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche and 
described in the preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious (di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has 
declared the state of insolvency of the bank, the Minister of economy and finance, acting on a proposal from 
the Bank of Italy, by virtue of a decree, may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities 
and submit the bank to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), including where the 
amministrazione straordinaria or (voluntary) liquidation is already pending, if the bank is failing or is likely to 
fail and: (i) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures, including measures 
by an institutional protection scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the 
extraordinary administration, would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and (ii) 
a resolution action would not be in the public interest. 
From the date of issue of the decree, the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of the shareholders’ 
meetings and of every other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one 
or more liquidators (commissari liquidatori); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and 
five members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their functions and, 
in any case, from the sixth business day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of 
Economy and Finance, the payment of any liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall 
be suspended.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions that pertain to the 
bank and carry out all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di sorveglianza 
shall: (a) assist the commissari liquidatori in exercising their functions; (b) control the activities carried out by 
commissari liquidatori; and (c) provide to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by 
the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy may issue directives concerning the implementation of the procedure and 
establish that some categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its authorisation and to preliminary 
consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Banking Act regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities (accertamento del passivo) 
and the procedures which allow creditors whose claims have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato 
passivo) to challenge the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to authorisation by the 
Bank of Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable en 
bloc. Such assets may be assigned at any stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been 
deposited. The assignor shall, however, be liable exclusively for the liabilities included in the stato passivo. 
Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and for the purpose of maximising profits deriving from the 
liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity, or of specific going 
concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the comitato di sorveglianza. In such 
case, the provision of the Italian Insolvency Code concerning the termination of legal relationships shall not 
apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last restitution to 
customers, the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing statement of accounts of 
the liquidation, the financial statement and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report 
by the oversight committee.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions" and, each of them, a "Condition") that, 
subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the 
Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered Bonds (as 
defined in the Prospectus). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the 
"Covered Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by 
book entries with Euronext Securities Milan ("Euronext Securities Milan", which commercial name is Monte 
Titoli S.p.A.) in accordance with the provisions of (i) Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as 
subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Financial Law") and implementing 
regulations and (ii) the joint regulation, regarding post-trading systems, of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 
13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered Bonds 
will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with the 
Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bond. Any reference to a "Registered 
CB Condition" other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the relevant 
provision of the Registered Covered Bond, or the Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule thereto or 
the provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond 
as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa) 
(the "Issuer" or "BPER") has established a covered bond programme (the "Programme") for 
the issuance of up to Euro 7,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of European covered 
bonds (the "Covered Bonds") unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Estense CPT 
Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Title I-bis of 
law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time ( the "Law 
130"), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") and the supervisory instructions 
of the Bank of Italy containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" relating to the 
covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) set out under in Chapter III, Section 3, of the 
Circular n. 285 dated 17 December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time 
to time (the "BoI Regulations" and, together with Law 130 and the CRR, the "OBG 
Regulations").  
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the Interest 
Commencement Date and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed 
to be consolidated and have the same Series number (each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. 
As used in these Conditions, reference to a Tranche is a reference to Covered Bonds which 
are identical in all respects (including as to listing). Each Tranche is the subject of final terms 
(the "Final Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Covered Bond benefits of a guarantee dated 15 December 2015, as amended from time 
to time and on 29 September 2023, as subsequently further amended, issued by the Guarantor 
(the "Covered Bond Guarantee") for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the 
Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The 
Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool constituted by certain assets 
assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreements (as 
defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations. The obligations 
of the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be 
limited recourse to the assets from time to time comprised in the Cover Pool (as defined 
below). Payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay 
the Issuer the issue price for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a 
programme agreement dated 15 December 2015, as amended from time to time and on 29 
September 2023, as subsequently further amended (the "Programme Agreement") between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the dealer(s) named therein (the "Dealers"), as supplemented 
(if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Relevant Dealer(s) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
relevant Tranche (each a "Subscription Agreement"). In accordance with the Programme 
Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has appointed or will appoint Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. as Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders"), as described in Condition 13 
(Representative of the Covered Bondholders).  
For the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds, if any, shall be governed by a set of 
legal documentation in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not 
be governed by these Conditions. For futher information please refer to the section "Key 
features of the registered covered bonds (namensschuld verschreibungen)" of the Base 
Prospectus. 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds 
In these Conditions, references to "Covered Bonds" are to Covered Bonds of a Series subject 
to the relevant Final Terms and references to "each Series of Covered Bonds" are to (i) 
Covered Bonds of Series subject to the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds, if any, shall be governed by a set of 
legal documentation in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not 
be governed by these Conditions. For futher information please refer to the section "Key 
features of the registered covered bonds (namensschuld verschreibungen)" of the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date, and Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds may be scheduled to be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date or 
redeemable in two or more instalments if they are specified as Instalment Covered Bonds, 
depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by and shall have the 
benefit of the terms of the rules of the organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the "Rules 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders") which constitute an integral and 
essential part of these Conditions. The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
are attached hereto as a schedule. The rights and powers of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders may be exercised only in accordance 
with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. References in these 
Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include such rules as 
from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as 
defined below) and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled 
to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason 
of holding one or more Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Noteholders as 
its representative, acting in its name and on its behalf, and agrees to be bound by the terms 
of the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is a 
party as if such Covered Bondholder was itself a signatory thereto. Copies of the Transaction 
Documents are available for inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to 
time and, where applicable, at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Account Bank means BPER or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Investment Account, the Securities Account, the Swap Collateral 
Account(s) (if any), the Collection Account, the Payments Account, the Expenses Account, the Cash 
Reserve Account, the Commingling Account, the Quota Capital Account, the Liquidity Buffer Account 
(if opened) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if opened) and Account means any one of 
them. 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Additional Master Transfer Agreement" means each master transfer agreement between the 
Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and 
conditions as the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.  
"Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means each warranty and indemnity agreement 
between the Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions as the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Additional Seller" means any entity, other than the Initial Seller, which is or will be part of the Gruppo 
bancario BPER Banca S.p.A. that will accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor. 
"Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement" means each subordinated loan agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Additional Seller as Subordinated Loan Provider providing 
for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions as the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.  
"Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount" means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out 
in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Amortisation Test" means the test intended to ensure that, following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions 
of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.  
"Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of 
the Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means a notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (having received, if it deems appropriate, and being entitled to rely on, prior confirmation 
of such cure event having occurred from competent professionals) to the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
"Asset Coverage Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
"Asset Monitor" means PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the Asset Monitor agreement entered into in the context of the 
Programme, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, among, inter alios, the Asset 
Monitor, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer, as 
subsequently further amended. 
"Available Funds" means (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and (c) 
the Excess Proceeds.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
"Back-up Account Bank" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV – Milan Branch or any 
permitted successor or assignee thereof.  
"Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented. 
"BPER Master Transfer Agreement" means the master transfer agreement entered into on 17 
September 2015, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between BPER as the 
Initial Seller and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
"BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 17 
September 2015, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the Guarantor 
and BPER as Subordinated Loan Provider, as subsequently further amended. 
"BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into on 17 September 2015, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the 
BPER as Initial Seller and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
"Breach of Amortisation Test Notice" means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence 
of a breach of the Amoritsation Test. 
"Breach of Tests Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Business Day" means a day on which banks are generally open for business in London, Milan and 
Luxembourg and on which the Target System (or any successor thereto) is open. 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to such term in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(A) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(B) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(C) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought back 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(D) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(E) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa), acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date" means the 20th day of January, April, July and October or, if that day is not a 
Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Calculation Date was on 20 January 
2015. 
"Calculation Period" means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance 
Report assessing that a breach of Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the 
Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement has occurred and is outstanding, each period 
beginning on (and including) the first day of a calendar month and ending on (and including) the last 
day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement has been 
cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Call Option" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Cash Management and Agency Agreement" means the cash management and agency agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 
2023, between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Back-up Account Bank, the Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, 
the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Servicer, as subsequently further amended. 
"Cash Manager" means BPER. 
"Cash Reserve Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"CB Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the 
next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
"CB Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(B) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Collateral" means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement) for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable), 
the amount and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral 
posted pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a Swap Collateral Account as defined 
below); and (ii) following the date on which the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable) is terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the 
relevant Swap Collateral Account in an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
"Collection Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Collection Period" means each period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of 
January, April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of March, June, 
September and December of each year, and in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on 
(and excluding) the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) 30 September 2015. 
"Commingling Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about 
the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the 
Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets held by the Guarantor from time to time. 
"Cover Pool Administration Agreement" means the Cover Pool administration agreement entered 
into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, 
between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, as subsequently further amended. 
"Cover Pool Manager" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
"Covered Bond Swap" means each covered bond swap agreement which may be entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain 
interest rate, basis, and, if applicable, currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor 
under the Mortgage Pool Swaps and the Covered Bonds. 
"Covered Bond Swap Counterparty" means each entity acting as such under a Covered Bond Swap. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting a CB Interest Period) (the "OBG Calculation Period"): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
(a) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular 
Periods normally ending in any year; and  
(b) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the OBG 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(i) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Dealer" means UBS Europe SE and any other entity which may be appointed as such by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement.  
"Decree 190" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, transposing Directive 
(EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
"Due for Payment Date" means the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds that 
has the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
"Early Redemption Date" means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant 
to Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Loans. 
"Eligible Deposits" means deposits eligible pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Institution" means (i) any depository institution (other than BPER acting as Account Bank) 
organised under the laws of any state which is a member of the European Union, United Kingdom, 
Switzerland or of the United States, the short-term banks deposits are rated at least "P-1" by Moody’s 
and the long term banks deposits are rated at least "A2" by Moody’s, or which is guaranteed by an 
entity whose short-term banks deposits are rated at least "P-1" by Moody’s, and the long-term banks 
deposits are rated at least "A2" by Moody’s or any other rating level from time to time provided for in 
the Rating Agency’s criteria and (ii) with respect to BPER acting as Account Bank, BPER for so long 
as its long term bank deposits, are rated at least "Baa3" by Moody’s. 
"Eligible Investment" means  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments provided 
that (i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand at par together with accrued 
and unpaid interest, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later 
than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) such investments provide a fixed principal 
amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount); and (iii) 
the debt securities or other debt instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution whose unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) either "Baa3" by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, "P-3" by Moody’s in respect 
of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity of less than one month, or 
such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to 
time; (2) either "Baa2" by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by 
Moody’s is available, "P-2" by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity between one and three months, or such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers’ 
acceptances issued by any depositary institution or trust company (including, without 
limitation, the Account Bank, provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) qualifying as 
Eligible Institution and subject to supervision and examination by governmental banking 
authorities, provided that such investments shall have a minimum rating equal to the ones 
reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
"Baa2" in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term 
rating is available, "P-2" in respect of short-term debt" 
Up to 1 month 
"Baa3" in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term 
rating is available, "P-3" in respect of short-term debt 
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities and/or notes issued in the context of 
securitisations transactions (other than securitisation transactions were originated by a 
member of the same consolidated group of which the Issuer is also a member or by an entity

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
affiliated to same central body to which the Issuer is also affiliated) and/or covered bonds, in 
each case pursuant to the OBG Regulations, provided that, in all cases, such investments 
shall from time to time comply with Moody’s requirements in respect of type of asset, minimum 
rating and maturity; 
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated debt securities or other debt 
instruments provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in 
the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective 
maturity) effectively passes to the Issuer, (ii) such repurchase transactions are immediately 
repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no 
later than the immediately following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase transactions 
provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially 
invested amount) provided that either (a) the debt securities or other debt instruments 
underlying the repurchase transactions are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed 
on an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) the counterparty of the Guarantor under the repurchase 
transaction is, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated 
at least (1) either "Baa3" by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by 
Moody’s is available, "P-3" by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either "Baa2" by 
Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, "P-2" 
by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity between 
one and three months, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria established 
by Moody’s from time to time; and 
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower regulated under the 
Global Master Securities Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the underlying 
securities comply with the requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the counterparty 
acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the securities lending transaction 
is a credit institution (including, without limitation, the Account Bank, to the extent they qualify 
as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible Institution, (iii) such securities lending 
transactions are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have 
a maturity date falling no later than the immediately following Liquidation Date, (iv) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement 
and has agreed to be bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the 
relevant counterparty below the minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall terminate in 
advance the securities lending transaction within 35 calendar days from the downgrade, 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above may consist, in whole or 
in part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer 
of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in 
the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time (ii) 
nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be 
invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at 
any time and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies as "credit quality step 1" or "credit quality step 
2" pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the 
European Union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one hundred) days, it qualifies as at 
least "credit quality step 3" pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
"ESM Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Euronext Securities Milan (and includes any Relevant

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Clearing System which holds account with Euronext Securities Milan or any depository banks 
appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). 
"EURIBOR" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 6(c). 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
"Euro Equivalent" means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset, the aggregate 
nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, or asset as at such date denominated in 
Euro where, if denominated in another currency, the exchange rate corresponds to (i) the current 
exchange rate fixed by the Calculation Agent in accordance with its usual practice at that time for 
calculating that equivalent should any currency hedging agreement not be in place or (ii) the exchange 
rate indicated in the relevant currency hedging agreement if such agreement is in place. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
"Euronext Securities Milan" means Euronext Securities Milan, which commercial name is Monte 
Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Excess Proceeds" means the amounts collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor as a result 
of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3 
of Law 130. 
"Excess Swap Collateral" means an amount equal to the value of the collateral (or the applicable 
part of any collateral) provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor in respect of the 
relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit 
support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of the termination payment (if 
any) that would have otherwise been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor had 
the collateral not been provided under the credit support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at 
the date of termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) or 
(ii) which the relevant Swap Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms 
of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Expenses Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Exposure Limit" means the limits provided under article 129, paragraph 1-bis of CRR, provided that 
pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3-bisof CRR, such limits shall not apply to "cessioni di ripristino" 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreements for purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling on 28 
October 2050. 
"Extension Determination Date" means the date falling seven Business Days after the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms which, in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (which will always 
be redeemed at least at 100% of their nominal amount), shall be equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant Covered Bond. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
"Fixed Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Provisions" means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
"Floating Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Provisions" means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Interest Provisions). 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means (i) following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the 
Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, and (ii) following 
the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts 
equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date or (iii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date, including all Additional 
Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same 
arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds provided that any 
Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as 
the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid by or on behalf of 
the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the 
Covered Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in bankruptcy or 
other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been 
paid or recovered from any other source (the Clawed Back Amounts) . 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as such 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11(d) (Guarantor 
Event of Default). 
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence 
of a breach of the Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 28th day 
of January, April, July and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following Business 
Day or (b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Due for Payment Date. 
"Implementation Date" means 31 March 2023 on which the 42nd amendment to the BoI Regulations 
in relation to the "obbligazioni bancarie garantite", issued by the Bank of Italy on 30 March 2023, has 
entered into force. 
"Initial Issue Date" means the date on which the Issuer has issued the first Series of Covered Bonds 
(i.e. 16 December 2015). 
"Initial Receivables" means the first portfolio of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans 
transferred by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Initial Seller" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa). 
"Initial Valuation Date" means 30 June 2015.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
"Instalment Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds specified as being redeemable in instalments 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Integration Assets" means (i) the assets mentioned in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR 
which meet the requirements set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-
novies of Law 130, and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned in article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) 
above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the 
CRR.  
"Integration Assignment" means the assignment of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or the 
Liquid Assets made in order to restore the respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
and/or the Exposure Limit for which a breach has been verified, or in order to prevent such breach, 
pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents.  
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as 
amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, 
as subsequently further amended. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(A) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest determined in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Provisions; and 
(B) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant CB Interest Period. 
"Interest Available Funds" means, in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(A) 
any interest component (other than any amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount) collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or 
the Liquid Assets and credited into the Collection Account or Payments Account, as the case 
may be, during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together 
with any amount retained in the Collection Account from the Interest Available Funds on the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the interest components invested in 
Eligible Investments (if any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to 
the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts and on the Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool 
Swaps;

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered Bond 
Swaps; 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a replacement swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the 
same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon 
termination of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Account in excess of the Required 
Reserve Amount; prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Account (but excluding item (B)(b) of the 
definition of Required Reserve Amount calculated as at the relevant Guarantor Payment Date), 
in each case at the end of the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Account; and, on the Guarantor Payment Date on 
which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds 
may be issued under the Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve 
Account; 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Expenses Account; and 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period, 
but excluding (i) any amount representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount 
paid by the relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a 
replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which would have 
been due and payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) not been terminated; (iii) the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount received by 
the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date 
of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as Interest Commencement Date in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Investment Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
"Investment Agent" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
"ISDA Determination" means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(ii) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issuer" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società 
Cooperativa). 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
"Liquid Assets" means the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of 
Law 130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 
129 of the CRR and Law 130. 
"Liquidation Date" means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any 
amount other than any Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the Payments Report 
Date falling on six months after the immediately following Payments Report Date for the Principal 
Available Funds.  
"Liquidity Buffer Account" means the account that may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Securities Account" means the account that may be opened in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Target Amount" means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 7-
duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means Banque International à Luxembourg SA, or any successor 
provided appointed from time to time in respect of the Programme. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, 
as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
"Mandatory Tests" means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, 
and namely the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
"Margin" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Master Transfer Agreements" means the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and each Additional 
Master Transfer Agreement (if any) and each of them a "Master Transfer Agreement", as the context 
requires. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Meeting" has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
"MEF Decree" means the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 
2006, as amended from time to time, concerning the implementation of the provisions set forth in 
Article 7-bis of Law 130 about covered bonds, repealed by Decree 190. 
"Minimum OC Requirement" means 5% minimum level of overcollateralization as per article 129 of 
the CRR and in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monthly Calculation Date" means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing 
that a breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or 
the Minimum OC Requirement, has occurred, the 13th day of the month immediately following the date 
of such Test Performance Report and, thereafter, the 13th day of each month until the relevant breach 
of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum 
OC Requirement, has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day. 
"Moody’s" means Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or, as the case may be, Moody’s France SAS. 
"Mortgage Loans" means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui 
ipotecari residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the characteristics set out in Article 2, 
paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior to the 
Implementation Date or, with respect to loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out in 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) and (f), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Mortgage Pool Swap" means each mortgage pool swap agreement which may be entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty in order to hedge interest 
rate risk on the Cover Pool or a portion thereof. 
"Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty" means each swap counterparty which agrees to act as such 
under a Mortgage Pool Swap. 
"Negative Carry Factor" means 0.50 per cent. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
"Non-Performing Loan" means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days in 
arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Notice to Pay" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default. 
"NPV Test" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Order" means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
created by the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and regulated by the Rules 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached hereto as a schedule. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Pass Through 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal amount 
outstanding (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any principal fallen due but unpaid) of such loan, 
bond, Series of Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
"Pass Through Series" means (A) any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which (i) the Issuer has 
failed to repay in whole or in part the relevant Final Redemption Amount on the applicable Maturity 
Date and a Notice to Pay has been served on the Guarantor; and (ii) the Guarantor has insufficient 
moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds on the 
relevant Extension Determination Date; (B) all Series of Covered Bonds if a Notice to Pay has been 
delivered (and, in case of a Notice to Pay delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery 
of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice has been served. 
"Paying Agents" means the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent and each other 
paying agent appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Payments Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Payments Report Date" means five Business Days following each Calculation Date.  
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open 
for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and 
any day which is: 
(A) 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(B) 
if the Specified Currency is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholder, the place in which the ESM 
Account Holder for which such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the 
Covered Bonds is located. 
"Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of 
an Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of 
an Guarantor Default Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of a 
Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Primary Paying Agent" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof.  
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, 
without duplication: 
(a) 
all principal amounts (other than any amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount) collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets and credited to the Collection Account or the Payments 
Account, as the case may be, during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date together with any amount retained in the Collection Account 
from the Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to 
the Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds deriving from the sale of the Receivables, 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets under (c) above, all amounts of principal 
deriving from the liquidation of Eligible Investments; 
(e) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment 
Date under any Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
(f) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments; 
(g) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period;  
(h) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the Eligible Deposits at the end of the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(i) 
following a Notice to Pay all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Account as at the relevant Calculation Date, 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty upon 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any 
termination payment and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding 
the net amounts which would have been due and payable by the relevant Covered Bond Swap

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); and (iii) 
any amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement). 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Primary Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Primary Paying Agent. 
"Priority of Payments" means, as the context requires, any of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments, Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
"Programme Limit" means up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be 
included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one 
time. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
"Public Entity Securities" means any securities which meet the requirements set out under article 
129, paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b) and art. 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Put Option" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the Primary Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by any Covered Bondholder intending to exercise its right 
to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders). 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Primary Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of the Covered Bond with such Primary Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder intending to exercise its right to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders). 
"Quota Capital Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Quotaholders’ Agreement" means the quotaholders’ agreement executed on or about the Initial 
Issue Date, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, by, inter alios, the Issuer and 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l., as subsequently further amended. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rating Agency" means Moody’s. 
"Receivables" means collectively the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
"Redemption/Payment Basis" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Primary Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate, provided that under no circumstance the Subsequent Paying Agent shall 
substitute the Primary Paying Agent in the selection of the Reference Banks. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Registered Paying Agent" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Registrar" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one CB Payment Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB 
Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the 
first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment 
Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and/or any other clearing system 
(other than Euronext Securities Milan) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date which is seven days after that on which the Primary Paying Agent has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
"Relevant Dealer(s)" means, in relation to any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers with or through whom 
an agreement to issue Covered Bonds has been concluded, or is being negotiated, by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means the entity that will act as representative of the 
holders of each Covered Bond pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any permitted successor 
or assignee thereof. 
"Required Redemption Amount" means, (a) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of (i) the 
weighted average remaining maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and 
divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant 
Series Covered Bonds, and (iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass Through Series 
of Covered Bonds, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Required Reserve Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Guarantor Payment Date: 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
rated at least "P-1" by Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the Issuer and 
the Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation Date which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of:  
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date 
in respect of items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments;  
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that would be payable by the Guarantor 
on any relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately following three months or, if 
no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered into with BPER 
in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the interest amount due under that Series of 
Covered Bonds in the immediately following three months; and 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
"Revolving Assignment" has the meaning given to the expression "Cessioni Successive Revolving" 
under the Master Transfer Agreement.  
"Sale Date" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice" has the meaning given to 
such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Scheduled Due for Payment Date" means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and 
(ii) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the relevant Notice to Pay has been 
served on any CB Payment Date or within two Business Days after any CB Payment 
Date, the day which is seven Business Days after such CB Payment Date; 
(b) 
if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has become a Pass Through Series, such CB 
Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final 
Maturity Date of the relevant Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity 
Date; or

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
(c) 
after the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and service of a Breach of 
the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor and provided that all the outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds have become Pass Through Series, such CB Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity 
Date of all outstanding Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
"Scheduled Interest" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor 
and, where applicable after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in each case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out 
in the Conditions. The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
exclude any additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable 
by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the "Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts"); 
and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Interest 
Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to 
their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Scheduled Payment Date" means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each 
CB Payment Date. 
"Scheduled Principal" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would 
have been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date 
(as the case may be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled 
Principal shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amount 
relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default 
interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the "Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts"); and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional 
Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due 
and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity 
Date is applicable to such relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
"Screen Rate Determination" means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(c)(i) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
"Secured Creditors" means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), 
the Initial Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any), the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), the Servicer, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Account Bank, the Back-up Account Bank, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the 
Primary Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset 
Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes to the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Securities Account" has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
"Selected Assets" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice" has the meaning 
given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Sellers" means, collectively, the Initial Seller and the Additional Sellers (if any).

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means a series of Covered Bonds comprising one or more 
Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first payment of 
interest and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series 
number. 
"Servicer" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa) or any successor servicer appointed from time to time in respect of this Programme. 
"Servicer Report" means the report prepared and submitted by the Servicer to the Guarantor, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating 
Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties, in the form set 
out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the collections and recoveries made in 
respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets during the preceding 
Collection Period. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 17 September 2015, as 
amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the Guarantor and the Servicer, as 
subsequently further amended. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means Euro 100,000 and integral multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess 
thereof or such higher denomination as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or its 
equivalent in another currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds). 
"Specified Office" means, with reference to the Primary Paying Agent, its office at via Aristotele 195, 
Modena, Italy or such other office in the same city or town as the Primary Paying Agent may specify 
by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the 
manner provided therein. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreements" means the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and each 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement (if any), and each of them a "Subordinated Loan 
Agreement", as the context requires.  
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means any of BPER and the Additional Seller, and any respective 
successor thereof, appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subsequent Paying Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV – Milan Branch or any 
permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
"Subsequent Portfolios" means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets which, further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, the Guarantor shall purchase from 
the Initial Seller and/or the Additional Sellers pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning given to such term in article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap. 
"Swap Collateral Account" has the meaning given to such expression in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Swap Counterparties" means, collectively, the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties and the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties and "Swap Counterparty" means any one of them as the context requires. 
"Swap Trigger" means the occurrence of an early termination of any Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap due to either:

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to take such action as is required in the relevant Swap Agreement to 
remedy such Rating Event; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or 
an Issuer Event of Default) and as designated as such by the Guarantor) in respect of 
the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity 
Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem. 
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement is to be performed 
under the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms 
of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
"Transaction Documents" means, collectively, the Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the 
Subscription Agreement, the Mandate Agreement, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders and any document or agreement which supplements, amends or restates 
the content of any of the above-mentioned documents and any further documents or agreement 
entered into in connection with the Programme and designated as such by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreements" means the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
the Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreements (if any) and each of them a "Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement", as the context requires. 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Zero Coupon Provisions" means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 7 (Zero Coupon 
Provisions). 
(a) 
In these Conditions, the following events and the criteria are deemed to have occurred 
or been satisfied, as the case may be, as set out below: 
an "Insolvency Event" will have occurred in respect of: 
(a) 
the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined 
in the Banking Act; 
(b) 
any bank, company or corporation other than the Issuer, that:  
(A) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any applicable 
bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, receivership, insolvency, insolvency-
like proceedings, composition with creditors, insolvent reorganization, 
turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione della crisi e

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure (among which, without 
limitation, liquidazione giudiziale, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, piani di 
risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione del debito, piano di ristrutturazione 
soggetto ad omologazione, composizione negoziata della crisi, concordato 
semplificato and (other than in respect of the Issuer) amministrazione 
straordinaria, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, and including also any equivalent or analogous 
proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such bank, company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business, including the seeking of 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, 
administration, 
receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors) or 
similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of such bank, company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento 
or similar procedure having a similar effect (other than, in the case of the 
Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the 
purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely 
on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed 
by the Issuer in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(B) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under 
paragraph (i) above is made in respect of or by such bank, company or 
corporation or the same proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
bank, company or corporation or notice is given of an intention to appoint an 
administrator in relation to such bank, company or corporation and, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely 
on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect 
of success; 
(C) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than 
the Secured Creditors) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in 
respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given 
by it or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(D) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation, administration or dissolution in any form of such bank, company or 
corporation (except a winding-up for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent 
amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously 
approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) or any 
of the events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect 
to such bank, company or corporation; and 
a "Rating Event" will have occurred in respect of a Swap Counterparty if the unsecured, 
unsubordinated debt obligations of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated at 
least as high as the highest rating required under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
(a) 
Interpretation  
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
(Taxation in the Republic of Italy), any premium payable in respect of any Covered 
Bond and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) 
and any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable", then such expression is not 
applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance 
with the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent 
to the date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by 
appointment or otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in 
respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a Series only; and 
(vi) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation enacted to implement primary legislation) shall be 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
of Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in 
dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited 
with Euronext Securities Milan in accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds will be 
held by Euronext Securities Milan on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or 
cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant ESM Account Holder. Euronext Securities Milan 
shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book 
entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferred by 
means of, book entries in accordance with: (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of the Financial Law; and 
(ii) the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and 
powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and 
the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the ESM Account Holder, whose account is at the 
relevant time credited with a Covered Bond, as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the 
purposes of payments to be made to the holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not the Covered 
Bond is overdue and notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, any notice of ownership or writing on 
the Covered Bond or any notice of any previous loss or theft of the Covered Bond) and shall not be

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
liable for doing so. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and 
(save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the 
event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds 
realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, received, or recovered by 
the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Covered Bond when due for payment 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Any payment made by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall discharge the corresponding obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and 
recourse in respect of the Guarantor is limited in the manner described in Condition 14(Limited 
Recourse and Non-Petition). 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest. Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as 
the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest 
on the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under this Condition 5 
(Fixed Rate Provisions) to the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Fixed Rate Covered Bond for any CB Interest Period in respect of which the Fixed Rate 
Provisions apply will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payments of interest on any CB

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which no Fixed Coupon Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, with 
respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in 
respect of which the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 9 (Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case 
may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the 
due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under this Condition 6 to 
the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 6(j) 
(Fallback Provisions), determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
in any other case, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will: 
1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
2) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period for loans 
in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant CB Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined 
in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), "ISDA Rate" means, in relation to any CB Interest 
Period, a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Primary 
Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Primary Paying Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation 
agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as that term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the first day of 
that CB Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
(d) 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for any CB Interest Period, then the applicable Rate of Interest in respect of such 
CB Interest Period shall in no event be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or be 
less than the Minimum Rate of Interest so specified, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, 
such calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant CB Interest Period.  
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, 
such calculation agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Floating 
Rate Covered Bond for such CB Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be equal to the 
product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such 
CB Interest Period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Primary 
Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent, then the Primary Paying Agent or such calculation agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the 
relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Primary Paying Agent or the 
relevant calculation agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, 
such calculation agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for each CB 
Interest Period, the relevant CB Payment Date and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Subsequent Paying Agent and any stock exchange on which the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond are for the time being listed and admitted to trading as soon as practicable after 
such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment 
Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
17(Notices). The Primary Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on 
the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, the Primary Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
(h) 
Determination and calculation by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent does not for any reason comply 
with its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or any Interest Amount in accordance with 
the above provisions or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may 
be, and in each case in accordance with paragraphs (f) and (g) above, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and 
such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Primary Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the calculation agent. In doing so, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Interest Provisions), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its 
opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem 
fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
For avoidance of any doubt, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will not incur, in 
the absence of willful misconduct (dolo) or gross default (colpa grave), in any liability by acting 
pursuant the provisions of this Clause. 
(i) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions) by the Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
calculation agent, such calculation agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Primary Paying Agent or the relevant 
calculation agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Fallback Provisions 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) 
(Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j)(i) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with 
the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond (being the Primary 
Paying Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms), any Paying 
Agent or the Covered Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 6(j).

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, 
provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest on 
Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding CB Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds 
whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable in 
respect of the immediately preceding CB Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period (as applicable). For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(j)(i) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
CB Interest Period only and any subsequent CB Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 6(j)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6.(j)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, including but 
not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary 
or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(v) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or 
non-objection from, the competent regulatory authority, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other 
Transaction Documents to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together 
with the Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to 
the Transaction Documents) and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that if, in the opinion 
of the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend 
rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these 
Conditions or the Transaction Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, any 
amendment to the Transaction Documents), the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, 
by the execution of any amendment agreement to the Transaction Documents), 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the Issuer. 
The Agents shall not be obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any conforming 
changes or amendments required as a result of a Benchmark Amendments, to which, 
in the sole opinion of such Agent, acting reasonably, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon them or expose them to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to such Agent `in the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(j)(i) (Independent 
Adviser) to 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. Following the 
service of a Notice to Pay, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments shall be notified to the 
Subsequent Paying Agent by no later than 10 (ten) Business Days prior to the first 
applicable Calculation Date. 
(vii) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged); or

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Covered Bondholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Covered Bonds; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 8(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date 
which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
have been paid; and 
(ii) 
seven days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond has been received by the Primary Paying Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the relevant Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) and 
Condition 9 (Payments). If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the 
Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two 
Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be, subject 
to sub-paragraph (b) below, automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date. The Issuer shall confirm to the Primary Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least on the Extension Determination Date as to whether 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds will or will not be 
made in full on that Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify the Primary Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and 
the Issuer has failed to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
or within two Business Days thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise 
outstanding, the Guarantor (as determined on its behalf by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent) has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priorities of Payments to 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full 
in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension 
Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds shall become a Pass Through Series and payment of the unpaid amount by 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be automatically deferred until 
the Extended Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on such Pass Through Series after 
the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any CB Payment 
Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date for such 
Pass Through Series in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of 
the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and 
service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of 
which an extension of maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall 
be due for payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the Article 74 
Event Cure Notice has been served. 
(iii) 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices)), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Primary Paying Agent and the 
Subsequent Paying Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 
one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity Date, of any inability of the Guarantor 
to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
In the circumstances described above, the Guarantor shall, on the relevant Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys 
(if any) available (after making payments or provisions for payment of amounts ranking 
higher or pari passu with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata towards payment 
of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect 
of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to make 
any payment towards satisfaction of the Final Redemption Amount not so done on 
such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above. 
(v) 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying 
to a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity), the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant CB Payment Date after the Maturity Date 
on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date 
unless on such date payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused (in which 
case, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). In these events, interest shall be payable on 
those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 8(b)(vi) on 
the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on the CB Payment

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant CB Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in 
the applicable Final Terms. The final CB Payment Date shall fall no later than the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(vi) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity), the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately prior to the 
relevant CB Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
where applicable, determined by the Primary Paying Agent or the Subsequent Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
calculation agent, the calculation agent so specified, two Business Days after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the first such CB Interest Period and thereafter as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
The provisions set out in sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above shall only apply to Covered 
Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is 
automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
8(b) (Extension of maturity). 
(viii) 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying 
to a Series of Covered Bonds, a failure to pay by the Guarantor on the Maturity Date 
shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
(ix) 
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 8(b), the extension of 
the Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds 
in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
(x) 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the 130 Law 
and the BoI Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended 
Maturity Date has become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, within 
10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series 
of Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
were then due; or 
2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment 
Date, 60 days prior to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately 
before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Subsequent Paying Agent and the Primary Paying Agent, with a copy to the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate 
signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be sufficient to the 
Subsequent Paying Agent and the Primary Paying Agent and conclusive and binding on the 
Covered Bondholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered 
Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in 
part shall be redeemed at the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds 
will be so redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan 
and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing 
systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing,

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so 
to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) in respect of such Covered Bonds shall in no event 
be greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount or be less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Covered Bond, redeem such Covered Bond on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. To exercise such option, the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Primary 
Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Primary 
Paying Agent. The Primary Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once 
deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bond becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bond on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Primary Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered 
Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant 
Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Primary 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder and not the Primary Paying Agent shall be deemed to 
be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Primary Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices), all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the 
Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving 
of such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment Date of any Covered Bond of 
any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment has become or will become effective before the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality) will 
be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 8(a) (At maturity) to 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality).

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price per Calculation Amount; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
(j) 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the amount(s) and on the payment date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, Instalment Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(k) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase 
beneficially or procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor), cancelled. The 
Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed, in accordance with Conditions from 8(a) (At maturity) 
to 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality), shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds deposited 
with Euronext Securities Milan will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Euronext 
Securities Milan, by the Primary Paying Agent and after the service of a Notice to Pay (and for 
so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in accordance with these 
Conditions and the other Transaction Documents) by the Subsequent Paying Agent to the 
accounts with Euronext Securities Milan of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts 
are credited with those Covered Bonds, and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised 
brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds. Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) according to the instructions of Euronext Securities Milan to the accounts with 
Euronext Securities Milan of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited 
with those Covered Bonds will relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro 
tanto from the corresponding payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered 
Bond Guarantee (as the case may be).

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
Alternatively, the Primary Paying Agent and/or the Subsequent Paying Agent may arrange for 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made to the Covered 
Bondholders through Euroclear and Clearstream to be credited to the accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream. Payments made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream will relieve the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the corresponding payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, directives and regulations in the place of payment or other laws to which the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or their agents agree to be subject and neither Issuer nor the Guarantor 
will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, 
regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation in the Republic of Italy).  
(c) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for any payment of principal and/or interest in respect of any Covered Bond is 
not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the holder of the relevant Covered Bond 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the immediately 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such Place of Payment and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered 
Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of 
imposta sostitutiva provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as 
amended ("Decree No. 239/1996") with respect to any Covered Bonds (including in 
all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239/1996 
and related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or complied 
with) or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 
1997 (as amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998) (as any of 
the same may be amended or supplemented) or any related implementing regulations; 
or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments:

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a 
declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority including, but 
not limited to, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such 
Covered Bond for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been 
a CB Payment Date; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-
Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian authorities for the purpose of Decree No. 239/1996; or 
(F) 
in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
(G) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of 
Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references 
to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of two Business Days to pay any principal amount or 
for a period of 14 Business Days in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds 
of any Series when due; or  
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (of any Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is 
a party (other than any obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the 
Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) and (except where, in 
the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not 
capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be required), and such failure remains 
unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
(iii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not cured by the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
(risoluzione) and "misure di intervento precoce"); or 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event, 
then, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and Guarantor declaring that an Issuer Event 
of Default has occurred (specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event, that the Issuer Event of 
Default may be temporary). 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari 
passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in accordance with Article 7-
quaterdecies, paragraph 3 of Law 130 and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the exercise of 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and (C) in case of the Issuer 
Event of Default referred to under point (F) above (i) the Guarantor, in accordance 
with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable 
under the Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (ii) upon the end of the 
suspension period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
(i) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of 
Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined above) and the verification of the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test (as defined 
below) and the Minimum OC Requirement shall be also applied; 
(iii) 
to the extent that the Guarantor does not have sufficient funds to pay principal on any 
Series of Covered Bonds, such Series shall become a Pass Through Series in 
accordance with Condition 8(b); 
(iv) 
the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely due payments under the 
Covered Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables, the Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement; 
(v) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued; 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in items (i) to (v) of paragraph (b) 
above will only apply for as long as the Suspension Period will be in force and effect.  
"Suspension Period" means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution 
pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 
Event") and ending on the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing such parties 
that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in accordance with Law

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
130, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that fall due and 
payable during such period. 
(c) 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass Through Series of 
Covered Bonds and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the 
Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell Receivables, and/or 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool (other than 
Eligible Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of this Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor 
Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor, having sufficient Available Funds for such purpose in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments, for a period of seven days to pay 
any principal amount, or for a period of 14 days in the payment of any interest on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
(ii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under the provisions of any 
Transaction Documents to which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation 
for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) and (except where, in 
the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not 
capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be required) such failure remains 
unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying that such failure is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and 
specifying whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor declaring that a Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Pass Through Covered 
Bonds) shall become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; and 
(ii) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs with respect to a Series, each other Series of 
Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, 
becoming due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves; and 
(iii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, 
shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Redemption

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
Amount, together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered 
Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by 
Issuer)) in accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; and 
(iv) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the 
Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds, provided that the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Guarantor as it 
may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
(v) 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11 
(Events of Default) by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability 
to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall be barred and become void unless made within 
10 years (in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the 
issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force 
and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the 
Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(b) 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, these 
Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Initial 
Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which 
all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative, 
acting in its name and on its behalf, and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees 
to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents to which the Representative

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
of the Covered Bondholders is a party and by any agreement entered into from time 
to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such 
Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without prejudice for 
the provisions set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of any 
loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction 
Documents. 
14. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised 
by the Cover Pool as provided under the OBG Regulations. The recourse of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool which constitute Available Funds subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to 
other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available 
under the general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts or enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and no Covered Bondholder 
shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as 
permitted by the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee or take any proceedings against 
the Guarantor to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by 
the Transaction Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any 
steps against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due 
from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme, or any other similar 
programme established for the issuance of covered bond guaranteed by the 
Guarantor, have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final 
Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no 
Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency 
Event in relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority 
of Payments not being complied with.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, the Paying Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to 
Pay or a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, as agents of the Guarantor 
and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Primary Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any 
additional Paying Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent; 
and 
(b) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent in 
an EU member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European 
Council Directive 2003/48/EC income or any law implementing or complying with, or 
introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, 
shall maintain a paying agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through 
Euronext Securities Milan and/or by a common depository for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
shall be deemed to have been validly given if delivered to Euronext Securities Milan and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream for communication by them to the entitled accountholders and 
any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which it was delivered to 
Euronext Securities Milan, Clearstream and Euroclear, as applicable.  
(b) 
In addition, for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders 
shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
(c) 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other 
method of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is 
reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Covered 
Bondholders in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
These Covered Bonds, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Transaction Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law. 
(b) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise 
in relation to the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the OBG 
Regulations.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
General 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa) is created concurrently with the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the "Rules"). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with 
the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, or (ii) in case 
of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds which have been blocked with the 
Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Primary Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a Voting 
Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion 
of the Meeting. 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Primary Paying 
Agent or by a Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified Covered 
Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the notification to the Primary Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and 
notification of the release thereof by the Primary Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds 
have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until the conclusion of the 
Meeting; 
(i) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered 
Bonds issued in registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly 
authorised person on its behalf has notified the Primary Paying Agent or the Registrar 
that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on 
each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(ii) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing 
between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
(iii) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions. 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with 
Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
"Covered Bondholder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered 
Bonds. 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default, as the context 
requires. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters 
of the votes cast. 
"Holder" means, in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of such Covered 
Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register; 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or 
demands, judgments, proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect 
of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including value added taxes or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment). 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant Clearing System 
which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing 
System). 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent of the 
votes cast. 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or 
institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 11(b) (Effect of a 
Notice to Pay) and 11(e) (Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice), as applicable, or other similar Condition 
with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed 
to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Primary Paying 
Agent or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 
hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum 
and who has not been revoked to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
"Rating Agency" means Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or, as the case may be, Moody’s France SAS. 
"Register" means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and 
assignments of Covered Bonds issued in registered form.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
"Registered Paying Agent" means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
"Registrar" means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will 
keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed 
as a reference to the Issuer. 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Pass Through Series or Series of Covered 
Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the respective Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond 
or Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has 
terminated, the applicable spot rate. 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a Voting 
Certificate, the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Primary Paying Agent or by a Registrar or 
a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction. 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by the interested 
Covered Bondholder and issued by the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or 
the relevant custodian or by a Registrar, as the case may be, and dated, stating: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Covered Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, and 
will not be released until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Meeting and (ii) the surrender 
of the certificate to the clearing system or the Monte Titoli Account Holder or to the Registrar 
who issued the same; 
(b) 
details of the Meeting concerned and the number of the Blocked Covered Bonds; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds.: 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons 
holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, 
whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders. 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours, including all or part of a day on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Primary 
Paying Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the 
Registrar has its specified office. 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the 
relevant Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a) 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be 
a reference to an Article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders;

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
(b) 
any reference to a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee 
or successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party 
under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations 
have been transferred; and 
(c) 
any reference to any "Transaction Party" shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate 
Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds and, accordingly, unless for any purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the 
provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) 
and 4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, 
separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this 
Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders) to 4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles 
shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, 
the expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Covered Bondholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to 
protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
TITLE III 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
Convening a Meeting 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate 
or single Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by Covered Bondholders 
representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a 
meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Covered Bondholders of any Series may at 
any time and the Issuer shall upon request in writing signed by the holders of not less than one-tenth 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in 
convening such a meeting the same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or the relevant holder(s). The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene 
a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of these Rules shall apply thereto mutatis 
mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the 
Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
5. 
Notice 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant 
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant 
Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the Primary Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with 
a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the 
Issuer subject to Article 4.2 (Meetings convened by Issuer). 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of 
the resolution without including the full text and shall state that the Voting Certificate for the purpose 
of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions 
of the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 
13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. The notice shall specify the nature of the resolutions 
to be proposed and shall explain how, according to these rules, Covered Bondholders may appoint 
Proxies, obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time limits 
applicable.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full 
text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without 
including the full text and shall state that Covered Bond issued in registered form, may be blocked 
with the Registrar, or with any other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes 
of appointing Proxies under Block Voting Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting and that holders of Covered Bonds issued in registered form may also appoint Proxies 
either under a Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the 
Registered Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the Specified Office 
of the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not complied 
with if the Covered Bondholders constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are represented at such Meeting and 
the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
6. 
Chairman of the Meeting 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes of the time fixed 
for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which 
the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same 
person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages 
the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, 
and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist 
in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be Covered 
Bondholders. 
7. 
Quorum 
7.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time 
it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least one-third of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered 
Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or 
represented; or

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided 
below), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant 
Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per cent of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the 
relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing one-third of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; or 
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Articles 30 
(Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), only be capable of being effected after 
having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment 
or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the relevant Pass Through Series or 
Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the relevant Pass Through Series 
or Series of Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee (except in a manner determined by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 
(Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such relevant 
Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or body 
corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7.1(c), 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time 
it owns any of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds) being or 
representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 
one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Pass 
Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds) being or representing not less than one third of 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time 
being outstanding. 
7.2 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes of the time 
fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall 
be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders otherwise agree) shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not less

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman determines 
or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the Meeting (if such notice 
sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); provided, however, that, in any case: 
(i) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(ii) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders together so decide. 
8. 
Adjourned Meeting 
Without prejudice to Article 7 (Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent of any Meeting, and 
shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall 
be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the 
Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
9. 
Notice following Adjournment 
9.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a 
quorum except that: 
(a) 
at least 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day 
on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be given; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes; and 
(c) 
it shall not be necessary to give notice of the convening of an adjourned Meeting (i) if the 
notice given in respect of the first Meeting already sets the time and place for an adjourned 
Meeting and specifies the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes; 
or (ii) if the Meeting has been adjourned for any other reason. 
9.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to 
give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 
7 (Quorum). 
10. 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(c) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(d) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(e) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; and 
(f) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
11. 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
11.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may 
be, to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
11.2 
A Covered Bondholder may require the Primary Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by 
arranging for their Covered Bonds to be blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting, providing to the Primary Paying Agent, where appropriate, evidence that the 
Covered Bonds are so blocked. The Covered Bondholders may obtain such evidence by, inter alia, 
requesting the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian to 
release a certificate in accordance with, as the case may be: (i) the practices and procedures of the 
Relevant Clearing System; or (ii) the applicable provisions set fort under the regulation, regarding post-
trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
11.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered 
Bonds to which it relates. 
11.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a 
Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall be 
deemed to be the holder of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in 
connection with the Meeting.  
11.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of 
the same Covered Bond. 
11.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
11.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging (to 
the satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued in registered form to be blocked 
with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. The registered 
Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the Registrar 
written instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Any registered 
Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of Proxy from the Registrar. A Block Voting 
Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. A Form of 
Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same 
Bond. 
12. 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions and Voting Certificates 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting 
only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the 
Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory 
evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holder or Proxy 
named therein shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the 
identity of any Proxy or Covered Bondholder named therein.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
13. 
Voting by Show of Hands 
13.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands. 
13.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman’s 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority 
or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes 
cast for, or against, the resolution. 
14. 
Voting by Poll 
14.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter. A poll may be taken 
immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the 
election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result 
of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the 
date of the taking of the poll. 
14.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the 
terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted 
and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
15. 
Votes 
15.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 in principal amount of the Covered Bonds 
represented by the Voting Certificate produced by such Voter or in respect of which he is a 
Proxy or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its 
absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate). 
15.2 
Block Voting Instruction and Voting Certificate 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast 
all the votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16. 
Voting by Proxy 
16.1 
Validity 
Any vote cast by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked, provided that none of 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Registrar or the Chairman has been 
notified in writing by the Primary Paying Agent of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours 
prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in 
relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an 
adjournment, save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to, exclusively, the meeting originally 
convened and which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such 
meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed 
under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
17. 
Resolutions 
17.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
To grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject 
of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute 
all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any 
of them; 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered 
Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or 
otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, removal and remuneration), appoint and remove 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation 
to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document;

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document; 
(h) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any 
other party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, or waive the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, a Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of test, and direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant Notice to 
Pay, Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which 
the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(k) 
in case of failure or request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send a 
Notice to Pay, Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test 
Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice as a result 
of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default) or a breach 
of Amortisation Test pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Breach of Amortisation Test Notice) or as a 
result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(d) (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
17.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 11(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 11(e) (Effect of a Guarantor 
Default Notice), as applicable. 
17.4 
Other Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (other than a Programme Resolution which shall 
be passed by the Holders of all the Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding) 
that is passed by the Holders of one Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective 
in respect of another Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an 
Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds 
then outstanding of that other Series. 
18. 
Effect of Resolutions 
18.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed 
at a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules 
shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and/or not 
voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the 
meeting and/or not voting.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
18.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be 
published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agents 
(with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19. 
Challenge to Resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not 
passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20. 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books 
provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be 
prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, 
every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as 
having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be 
regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21. 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
22. 
Individual Actions and Remedies 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse and Non-Petition), clause 4 (Exercise of rights and subrogation) and clause 11 (Limited 
Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and clause 9 (Exercise of Certain Rights) and clause 13 
(Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is 
considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights 
under the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be 
subject to a Meeting passing an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to such individual action or other 
remedy on the grounds that it is consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in 
accordance with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of 
Meeting); 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to the enforcement of the 
individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be permitted to take such action or 
remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a reasonable period of time, the same matter 
may be resubmitted for review at another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not consent to an individual action or remedy, the 
Covered Bondholder will be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23. 
Meetings and Separate Series 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series, the foregoing provisions of these Rules shall have effect subject to the following modifications:

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a 
meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series 
so affected; 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and 
the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
(e) 
to all such meetings, all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall apply, mutatis mutandis, 
as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to 
the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such 
Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the 
case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more 
than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any such adjourned Meeting or any poll 
resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution), the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, 
on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each Euro 1,000 (or such other Euro amount 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or 
represents. 
24. 
Further Regulations 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the 
holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
TITLE IV 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25. 
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration 
25.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 25, except for 
the appointment of the first Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. appointed under the Programme Agreement. 
25.2 
Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Save for Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
under the Programme, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any 
other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant 
to article 106 of the Banking Act; or 
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor and those who fall within the conditions set 
out in article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to 
Article 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office 
until full repayment or cancellation of all Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for 
any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, 
pending the acceptance of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform 
the essential functions required in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
25.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer and, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall pay to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and 
subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to day 
and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement 
up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid 
in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. Such fees may be increased, in accordance with 
the provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
26. 
Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three 
calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any 
specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of 
such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become 
effective until a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance 
with Article 25.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
accepted its appointment, provided that, if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders). 
27. 
Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
27.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction 
Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisers at the 
Issuer’s expenses, provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and duly documented) to 
propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, in the exercise of the powers, discretions and 
authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders; and 
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by 
power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of 
persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including 
power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest 
of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in 
the normal course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or 
sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason 
of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any 
such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and 
termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings, including any Insolvency Event in respect of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules 
and any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise or refraining of any right, power and 
discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of 
law and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for any loss, costs, 
damages, expenses or inconveniences that may result from the exercise, non-exercise or refraining 
from exercise thereof except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa 
grave) or willful misconduct (dolo). 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder (including, but not limited, to forming any opinion in 
connection with the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain 
the Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders 
indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and, if the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being 
remedied, such certificate, subject to the passing of any Extraordinary Resolution under Article 17.2 
paragraph (h), shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other 
creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
28. 
Exoneration of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
28.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities 
in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of this Article 28.2 (Specific limitations), the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of 
which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and,

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice 
to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor 
Event of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, 
the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction 
Documents are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the 
Conditions, the terms of any Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any Covered 
Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, any information (including, without 
limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made available to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other 
person in respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders any such information; 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under 
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of 
these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or 
pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged 
breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any 
duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered 
or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets contained 
in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer, the Account Banks, and the Corporate Servicer and the Primary Paying 
Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue 
of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled 
thereto; 
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by 
any credit or rating agency or any other person;

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or any 
certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, 
effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction 
Document; 
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure 
in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable 
of being remedied or not; 
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables, 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof provided by any person; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or 
any Transaction Document; 
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each 
Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising 
from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, 
in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise 
for individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or taxing authority, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Covered Bondholders be entitled to claim, from 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other 
person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders; 
(q) 
shall not, if, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is 
of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series 
would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion 
without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards to the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests 
of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Guarantor but if, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests,

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested 
in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to the 
transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and 
demands which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, 
incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other 
Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its 
duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds 
for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such 
risk or liability is not reasonably assured, provided that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so requests 
in conjunction with the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any 
other person which may result from anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance 
with the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same 
are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.3 
Security 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by 
the Guarantor in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors under the security for the discharge of the Secured 
Amount, created by the Guarantor on or around the Initial Issue Date, (the "Security"). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and 
the other Secured Creditors, may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors’ interest and on their behalf, any 
amounts deriving from the Security and may instruct, jointly with the Guarantor, the obligors 
whose obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be made thereunder to 
an Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security 
shall be deposit accounts for the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian Civil Code and agree 
that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance with the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to 
enforcement of the Security, in accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or 
issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from 
the Security, except in accordance with the foregoing, the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
28.4 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds 
are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
28.5 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or 
otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or 
discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which 
would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of 
any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any 
funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a 
consequence of such action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, 
in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29. 
Reliance on Information 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, 
or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax adviser, credit or 
rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not, in the absence of gross negligence (colpa grave) 
or willful miscounduct (dolo) on the part of Representative of the Covered Bondholders, be liable for 
any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting 
to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept as 
sufficient evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for 
further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such 
certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual 
knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect 
whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Covered 
Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution 
of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any 
reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or 
the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered 
Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with 
the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
February 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the 
matters certified therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate 
and signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, as the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system 
or Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular 
period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number 
of Covered Bonds. 
29.6 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of 
exercising any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules, that such 
exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series or 
of all Series for the time being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current 
rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be 
adversely affected by such exercise, have otherwise given their consent or have otherwise informed 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders that they will not take an adverse rating action as a 
result of the exercise by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any of its powers, 
authorities, duties or discretions hereunder. 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil its 
obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act would 
affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain 
such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.7 
Certificates of parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or 
the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document: 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for 
under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence 
in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any 
Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge 
or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
29.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating 
any auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
30. 
Amendments and Modifications 
30.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and without the consent or sanction 
of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
in making any amendment and modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may disregard whether any such amendment and modification relates to a Series 
Reserved Matter): 
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and the 
Secured Creditors; and 
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or, which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
is made to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an error which is proven or is necessary or 
desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is required or 
opportune for the purposes of complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or 
administration of OBG Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect 
thereof. 
30.2 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such condition (if any) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders determines and shall be binding upon the Covered 
Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be 
notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution and only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so 
doing. 
30.4 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers 
it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
(a) 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in 
any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required to 
reflect such intention; and 
(b) 
confirmation from Moody’s that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered Bonds 
shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them immediately prior to 
the modification. 
31. 
Waiver 
31.1 
Waiver of breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at any time and from time to time without any 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only if, and insofar as, in its opinion the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, any 
proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered 
Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the Guarantor under any other 
Transaction Documents; or 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the 
Transaction Documents. 
31.2 
Binding nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred to in this Article 31 (Waiver) shall be binding on 
the Covered Bondholders. 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by 
this Article 31 in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the 
case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series 
as aforesaid) and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by 
so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter 
unless holders of Covered Bonds of each such Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so 
authorised its exercise. 
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any 
such authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Secured 
Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). 
32. 
Indemnity 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay 
or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or 
discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, including, but not limited to, legal expenses, and any 
stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against 
the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the 
Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross 
negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
33. 
Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
TITLE V 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE 
OF A GUARANTOR DEFAULT NOTICE 
34. 
Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, failing the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant 
to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Mandate Agreement, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, 
shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 of 
the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, 
to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the 
Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the 
right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE VI 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35. 
Governing Law 
These Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
36. 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings 
and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]21 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended "EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II") / 
MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
 
21 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BPER Banca S.p.A.  
a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company 
(società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due [Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600CB91E077EF4425  
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 February 2025 [and the 
prospectus supplement/s dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 2017/1129/EC) as amended from time to time (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the 
Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. These Final Terms will be published on 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) [When completing any final terms consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Series Number:  
[●] 
(a) 
Tranche Number:  
[●]

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
(b) 
[Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series:] 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the Covered Bonds identified by ISIN 
CODE: No. [insert ISIN Code] on [the Issue Date] / [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[●]  
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[●]  
(a) 
Series:  
[●]  
(b) 
Tranche:  
[●]  
4. 
Issue Price:  
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)]  
5. 
Specified Denominations:  
€ 100,000 [plus integral multiples of [●] in addition to the 
said sum of € [1,000]] (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is Euro 
100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal 
amount)  
(a) 
Calculation Amount:  
[●]  
6. 
Issue Date:  
[●]  
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
7. 
Maturity Date:  
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
8. 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee:  
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to the relevant month and year] (as referred to in 
Condition 8(b)) 
9. 
Interest Basis:  
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate]  
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [Margin] per cent Floating 
Rate]  
 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 7)] 
 
(further particulars specified in items [15] / [16] / [17] 
below)  
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at par (as referred to in Condition 8(a))] / [Subject to any 
purchase 
and 
cancellation 
or 
early 
redemption, 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par on 
the payment dates and the relevant amounts specified in 
item [23] (as referred to in Condition 8(j))] / [Subject to 
any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●] (insert an amount above 100%)/[100]] per

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
cent of their nominal amount.] (as referred to in Condition 
8(i)) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Not Applicable] / [●] (insert details of the interest basis 
applicable)  
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable]  
 
[Put Option (as referred to in Condition 8(f))]  
 
[Call Option (as referred to in Condition 8(d))]  
 
[(further particulars specified in items [18] / [19] below)]  
13. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds and of receipt of 
Covered Bond Guarantee:  
[●] [and [●]], respectively 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Covered Bonds or related Covered Bond Guarantee)]  
14. 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
15. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]  
(b) 
CB Payment Date(s):  
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day") / [not adjusted]  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 6) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
CB Interest Period(s):  
[●]  
(b) 
Specified Period:  
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are alternatives.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
A Specified Period, rather than CB Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable")  
(c) 
CB Payment Dates:  
[●] (Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert "Not Applicable")  
(d) 
First CB Payment Date:  
[●]  
(e) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  [Not Applicable/ Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre]  
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]  
(h) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the 
Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Primary 
Paying Agent):  
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate:  
[For example, EURIBOR]  
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[●]  
• 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]  
• 
Relevant Time:  
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]  
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:  
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)  
(j) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
• 
Floating Rate Option:  
[●]  
• 
Designated Maturity:  
[●]  
• 
Reset Date:  
[●]  
(k) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][●] per cent per annum

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(n) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Accrual Yield:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[●]  
Provisions Relating to Redemption  
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 
8(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of Covered:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(d) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 
8(f)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●]  
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bonds:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
Notice period:  
[●]

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(which will always be redeemed at least at 100% of their 
nominal amount) shall be equal to the nominal amount of 
the relevant Covered Bonds) 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/ [•] per Calculation Amount] (as referred 
to in Condition 8)  
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor 
Event of Default or other early 
redemption (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions):  
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds/specify the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds)  
General Provisions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 15(b) and 16 (f) relate)  
23. 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which 
principal 
is 
repayable 
in 
instalments: 
amount 
of 
each 
instalment, 
date 
on 
which 
each 
payment is to be made:  
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made] 
 
Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
 
By: ..............................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of 
ESTENSE CPT COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
 
By: ..............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing And Admission To Trading 
 
(a) 
Listing:  
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
(specify other) / None] 
(b) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/specify other regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
[The [●] were admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ [●] 
(specify other regulated market)] with effect from [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings:  
[Not Applicable] 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
 
[Moody’s: [●]]  
 
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the rating if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider) 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and [is included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom.)

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK [but the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]]. / [but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")] [and] [Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"] / 
[and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") 
or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (a) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation, or (b) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation.  
 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s),] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer(s) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions, with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
Use and estimated net amount of the proceeds 
Use of proceeds:  
[●] [(If the Covered Bonds are Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, describe the relevant 
projects to which the net proceeds of the Covered 
Bonds will be applied or make reference to the 
relevant bond framework to which the net proceeds 
of the Covered Bonds will be applied. See "Use of 
Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus)] 
Estimated net amounts of proceeds 
[●] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield:  
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – Historic Interest Rates  
[Not Applicable] / [Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [●] on 
the screen page [●].] 
[Benchmark:  
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds 
will be calculated by reference to [●] which 
is 
provided 
by 
[●]. 
As 
at 
[●], 
[●] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] does/do 
not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorization or 
registration] / [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
apply, such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).] 
(Note that the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
applies only in respect of benchmark 
administrators located outside the EU since 
31 December 2021)] 
7. 
Distribution 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Compliant with Regulation S under U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933] / [Not Applicable]  
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement] or of 
other contractual arrangement to subscribe 
the Covered Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly does not 
constitute "packaged" products, or the Covered 
Bonds do constitute "packaged" products and a KID 
will be prepared in the UK "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified.) 
 
8. 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code:  
[●]  
Common Code:  
[●]  
CFI 
[•], [as published on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
FISN 
[•], [as published on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies or alternatively

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable / [_____].]  
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) 
other than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment.  
Names and Specified Offices of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Calculation Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Listing Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
(Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
held in a form which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (i.e. issued in dematerialised form (emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) 
and 
wholly 
and 
exclusively 
deposited 
with 
Monte 
Titoli 
in 
accordance with article 83-bis of Italian legislative 
decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, 
through the authorised institutions listed in article 83-
quater of such legislative decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.) 
European Covered Bonds (Premium) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed covered bonds in registered form 
(Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the "Registered Covered Bonds"), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the 
"Registered CB Conditions"). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to 
time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form of assignment 
agreement, attached to the Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer of the 
Registered Covered Bonds (the "Assignment Agreement"), the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of 
organisation agreement, in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to which the 
holders of the Registered Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents 
and (b) undertake to comply with the obligations, limitations and other covenants as to the exercise of certain 
rights in accordance with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
(the "Registered CB Rules Agreement") and the letter of appointment of (i) any additional paying agent in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the "Registered Paying Agent") and (ii) the registrar in respect of 
the Registered Covered Bonds (the "Registrar"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to 
enter into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a 
specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, 
the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such Registered 
Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to 
the Available Funds. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and the Covered Bonds, except in respect of the applicable maturity of each Series or Tranche of 
the Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer having the same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds or Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and the MEF Decree and with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders of 
Registered Covered Bonds shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that 
recourse to the Guarantor shall be limited to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time to 
time shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be 
settled through a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) as 
Namensschuld verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the 
Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, in 
any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered 
Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being set 
out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
and construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise 
provided in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating thereto or 
any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other 
reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such Registered 
CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any other document expressed to govern such 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar 
a duly executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination indicated in 
the applicable Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force (and practice in effect) in Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax matters 
concerning the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. This overview does 
not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Covered Bonds that provide payout linked 
to the profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the group or profits of the business in relation to which 
they are issued. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of each 
Covered Bondholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
Italian tax law and under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any 
other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered Bonds and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the securities, including in particular the effect of 
any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest and other proceeds from Covered Bonds that qualify as bonds or instruments similar to bonds  
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree No. 239"), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as 
"Interest") from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not attribute to the holders any direct 
or indirect right to control or participate to the management of the Issuer or to the business in connection to 
which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (b) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società 
in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (c) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation (unless the Covered 
Bondholders from (a) to (c) opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – see “Capital Gains Tax” 
below), Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a 
withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax 
payment. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject 
to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian 
income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di 
previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time set forth 
under Italian tax law. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited 
partnership qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private or public 
institutions carrying out commercial activities and holding the Covered Bonds in connection with this kind of 
activities) or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are 
effectively connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest, from the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered 
Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation ("IRES") 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP")). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law. No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, 
payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (deposited with an authorised intermediary) made to 
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Financial Law, as amended 
and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate investment 
companies with fixed capital ("Real Estate SICAFs" and, together with the Italian resident real estate 
investment funds, the "Real Estate Funds"), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income 
tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate 
Funds is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a non-real estate 
SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) 
established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority (the "Fund"), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. 
The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through distributions or in case 
of liquidation and/or redemption of the units and shares. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
set forth under Italian tax law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stock exchange agents and other 
entities identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an "Intermediary") as 
subsequently amended and integrated.  
An Intermediary must: (a) (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or (iii) a non-Italian resident financial intermediary – acting through a central

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
securities depository – which is directly connected with the Italian Revenue Agency, having appointed an Italian 
tax representative for the purposes of Legislative Decree No. 239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection 
of interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the 
Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that 
the non-Italian resident (a) is the beneficial owner of the payment of Interest received under the Covered 
Bonds, (b) is resident, for tax purposes, in a country or territory which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy as currently listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, and possibly 
further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239 (the "White List"). It 
should be noted that, pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance holds the right to test the actual compliance of each country included in the list with the 
exchange of information obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the 
uncooperative countries; and (c) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds made to (a) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (b) a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign State; or (c) an institutional investor incorporated in a country included in the 
White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors mentioned above must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds (together with the related coupons) with an Italian 
resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-
resident operator of a clearing system which appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 
No. 239 an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
bank or SIM or a non-Italian resident bank or SIM which are in contact via computer with the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance; 
(b) 
file in due time with the relevant depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or 
withdrawn, in which the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders which 
are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident Covered Bondholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on payments 
of Interest made to a non-resident Covered Bondholder.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
Should the above exemptions not be applicable, the imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per 
cent. However, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders may be entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions 
are met, a total or partial relief from the 26 per cent imposta sostitutiva under the double taxation treaty, if any, 
between Italy and their  Country of residence, provided that all conditions for its application are met and subject 
to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident 
guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian revenue authorities will not assert an 
alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such 
an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities 
equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax 
at a rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently 
amended. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax may be 
applied at 26 per cent as a final tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime 
described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that, from a tax perspective, are not deemed to fall within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), nor in the 
category of shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986, would qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983 and, as consequence, would fall out of the scope of Decree No. 239 and may be subject 
to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (d) an Italian 
commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax applies 
as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian 
resident, the withholding tax is levied as a final withholding tax.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, subject to proper compliance 
with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di 
previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds, not falling within the category of  bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici ("atypical 
securities") pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as 
part of the taxable income subject to income tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules (and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of 
the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected) 
or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or 
società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any 
capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds would be subject to a capital gain tax provided by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 
1997 ("Decree No. 461"), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent ("CGT"). Covered Bondholders may set off 
losses with gains, subject to certain conditions. 
In respect of the application of the CGT, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital 
gains realised by Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the CGT on capital gains will be chargeable, 
on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individual Covered Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax 
year. The relevant Covered Bondholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay CGT on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against 
capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Covered Bondholders holding the Covered 
Bonds under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 
of the Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds 
being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express and 
valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Covered 
Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each 
sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount 
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds 
to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax 
return.  
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Covered Bondholder under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and 
have validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461 will be 
included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare 
the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on 
the Covered Bonds may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the CGT) if the Covered 
Bondholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
and the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will not be subject to the CGT, but will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed 
with the Fund, but subsequent distributions and/or redemption in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be 
subject to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to CGT 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real 
Estate Fund; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation, income of the Real Estate Funds is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on 
the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered 
Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered 
Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds 
are traded on regulated markets. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders file in due course with the authorized financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit 
(autocertificazione) stating that the Covered Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes and has no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered 
Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Covered 
Bondholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the capital gain and is resident in a country included in the 
White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country included in the White 
List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence; in all of the above 
cases subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale 
or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the CGT at the current rate 
of 26 per cent.

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to CGT in Italy, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation, on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 ("Decree No. 262"), converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006 as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or 
other securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 
1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law, or other relatives-in law to the 
third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance 
and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities pursuant to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, 
the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
€1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death (mortis causa) is 
exempt from inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term saving account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time set forth by Italian tax 
law. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject, as far 
as relevant, to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed 
registration tax of €200; (b) private deeds are subject to registration tax of €200 only in case of use or voluntary 
registration (registrazione volontaria), in case of occurrence of the so-called enunciazione or in case of use 
(caso d’uso). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 ("Decree No. 
642"), as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic 
reporting communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to a Covered 
Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The 
stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers other than individuals) 
on the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the 
Covered Bonds held, or in the case the nominal value or redemption amount cannot be determined, on the 
purchase value of the Notes held, as inferable from the intermediary's records.  
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory 
neither the deposit nor the release or drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the 0.2 per cent stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
issued by the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by the investor outside of 
Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under "Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad") applies 
to Italian resident Covered Bondholders only. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, as subsequently amended, Italian resident individuals, non-business entities and non-
business partnerships that are resident in Italy holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory without 
the involvement of an Italian financial intermediary are required to pay a wealth tax which applies at a rate of 
0.2 per cent (0.4 per cent. in case of financial assets held in States or territories with privileged tax regime 
identified by the Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of May 4, 1999) and which is 
determined in proportion to the period of ownership. The wealth  tax is calculated on the market value of the 
Covered Bonds as at the end of the relevant year (or, if earlier, at the end of the holding period) or, if no market 
value figure is available, on the nominal or redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase price of the financial asset held outside the Italian territory. The wealth 
tax cannot exceed €14,000.00 per year for Covered Bondholders other than individuals. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes, if any, paid in the State 
where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
If the financial assets are held outside of Italy and are thus subject to the wealth tax, the above mentioned 
stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. Conversely, 
financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted 
into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the 
amount of Covered Bonds held abroad during each tax year. The requirement applies also where the persons 
above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owners of the instrument pursuant 
to the anti money-laundering legislation (Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds 
deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds have 
been subject to tax by the same tax intermediaries; or (iii) the foreign investments are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed €15,000.00 threshold throughout 
the year.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws currently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note 
that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), the employment fund solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate 
taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal 
income tax and the employment fund solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business 
tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Covered Bondholders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, no withholding tax is levied either on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-residents Covered Bondholders, or on accrued but unpaid interest. 
In respect of Covered Bonds, no Luxembourg withholding tax is payable upon redemption or repurchase of 
Covered Bonds held by non-resident Covered Bondholders. 
In accordance with the law of 25 November 2014, Luxembourg elected out of the withholding tax system in 
favour of an automatic exchange of information under the Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of 
savings income as from 1 January 2015. Payments of interest by Luxembourg paying agents to non-resident 
individual Covered Bondholders or certain so-called residual entities are thus no longer subject to any 
Luxembourg withholding tax. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Relibi 
Law"), interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject 
to a 20 per cent withholding tax. Responsibility for the withholding of such tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Non-resident corporate Covered Bondholders or non-resident individual Covered Bondholders acting in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who do not have a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are attributable, are 
not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts under the Covered Bonds or on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, 
of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
A resident corporate Covered Bondholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Covered Bonds, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. The same inclusion 
applies to an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking. Covered Bondholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any 
Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
A Covered Bondholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or 
by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative funds (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive 
object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies), 
is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, redemption premium 
or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
A resident individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Covered Bonds, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with 
the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual Covered Bondholder has opted for the application of a 20 per cent (self-
applied) tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of 
interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than 
Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State), or in a 
state that has entered into a treaty with Luxembourg relating to the EU Savings Directive. A gain realised by 
an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
provided that this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Covered Bonds were acquired. 
However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, except if withholding tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the 
Relibi Law. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate Covered Bondholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on these Covered Bonds, except if the Covered 
Bondholder is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
(ii) the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time, (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, or (v) the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds. 
An individual Covered Bondholder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax. 
Further to the law dated 18 December 2015, Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate 
taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of the corporate taxpayer is nil or negaltive. This minimum 
net wealth tax amounts to a Euro 4,815 flat rate for corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least 
Euro 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the meaning 
of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of Luxembourg Plan Comptable Normalisé.

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from Euro 535 to Euro 
32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net 
wealth tax. 
Additionally, please note that securitization companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitization, 
as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as 
amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 (provided it is foreseen 
in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 
48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies) and which fall under the special tax regime set out under 
article 48 thereof may be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Covered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents relating 
to the Covered Bonds are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires 
obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a Covered Bondholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his death, the 
Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Further, Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the 
Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding.

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Arranger and the 
Initial Dealer (the "Programme Agreement"). The Programme Agreement makes provision for, inter alia, an 
indemnity to the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market 
making provisions. 
Subscription Agreement 
In respect of any syndicated issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and any one or more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time will 
enter into a subscription agreement (a "Subscription Agreement" and each Dealer party thereto, a "Relevant 
Dealer"). Each Subscription Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant 
Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being issued. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person except pursuant to an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local 
securities laws under circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register under the 
Securities Act. The Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold or delivered the Cover Bonds, 
and will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk 
Retention U.S. Person (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days 
after the later of (a) the date the Covered Bonds are first offered to Persons other than Distributors in reliance 
on Regulation S and (b) the Issue Date, except, in either case, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. Neither the Dealer nor their respective Affiliates ("Affiliates") (as defined in Rule 
501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) nor any Persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Cover Bonds, and they have complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation 
of the sale of Cover Bonds, the Dealer will have sent to each Distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases the Cover Bonds from them during the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
The Cover Bonds covered hereby have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person 
(i) by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii), (x) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until forty (40) calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Covered Bonds are first offered to Persons other 
than Distributors in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Issue Date, except in either case, in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning given to them in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act".

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Cover Bonds may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
Risk Retention U.S. Person except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the 
registration requirements of, the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Covered Bonds within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA" or the "Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant 
State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds 
to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any "Relevant State" means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in 
the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such 
offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
The United Kingdom  
In relation to each Series of Covered Bonds, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree with the Issuer that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of France 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, each of the 
Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, and that such offers, sales and 
distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other 
than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and Article 2 item (e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
in 
compliance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Prospectus 
Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany to the offering 
and sale of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e 
la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as 
set out below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold, or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus 
or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in 
circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, 
and any applicable Italian law and regulation.

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 ("Consolidated 
Banking Act"), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable law and 
regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB 
and/or another Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Covered 
Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefor (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the United States of America, United Kingdom, Japan, 
France, Germany and the Republic of Italy, see above). 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed "General". 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Official List and be traded on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on 
an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, 
where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency). 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No 
Registered Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by certain resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer on 3 March 2015, 24 March 2015, 28 July 2015 and 20 October 2015. The publication of this Base 
Prospectus was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 9 October 2024. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor on 20 November 2015. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The address of Euroclear is 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms shall specify 
any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any 
further appropriate information.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Conditions 
will specify the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made 
and settled. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the Final 
Terms relating thereto. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, there 
shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and on behalf

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of Covered Bondholders is as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, nor is the Issuer or the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of 
such kind, which have had or may have significant effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s financial position 
or profitability. 
For additional information on the ongoing legal and tax proceedings involving the BPER Group, see the 
sections entitled “Net provisions for risks and charges” of the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on 
operations (without a review report) as at 30 September 2024 and of the Issuer's consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto, the relevant accounting principles 
and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2023, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2023 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2023 (the 
last date to which the latest published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
No significant change in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s financial position or financial performance 
Since 30 September 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published), there has been no significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Since 31 December 2023 (the last date to which the latest published financial information of the Guarantor 
was prepared), there has been no significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of 
the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, without prejudice to paragraph "Publication on the Internet", copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours 
at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
(which 
is 
also 
available 
on 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/BPER+OBG2+-
+Covered_Bond_Guarentee.pdf/7a798a7d-d3f9-0cc8-77cc-
53b9145ca2d9?version=2.0&t=1706173631850&download=true); 
(b) 
the Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 30 
September 2024;

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
(e) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024; 
(f) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 
March 2024; 
(g) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement 
pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(h) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023; 
(i) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2022;  
(j) 
the Issuer’s consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); 
(k) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(l) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; and 
(m) 
the BPER Group press release dated 4 December 2024 entitled "Outcome of the 2024 SREP 
assessment process"; 
(n) 
the BPER Group press release dated 19 December 2024 entitled "Results of the Ordinary and 
Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 19 December 2024"; 
(o) 
the BPER Group press release dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Consolidated results as at 31 
December 2024";  
(p) 
the BPER Group press release dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over 
all the shares of Banca Popolare di Sondrio"; 
(q) 
the BPER Group communication dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Communication pursuant to art. 102 
Decree 58-1998 - Voluntary Public Exchange Offer over Banca Popolare di Sondrio"; 
(r) 
the BPER Group notice dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Notice of call of Extraordinary Shareholders' 
meeting"; 
(s) 
the BPER Group excerpt of notice dated 6 February 2025 entitled “Excerpt of notice of call of 
Extraordinary Shareholders' meeting"; and 
(t) 
any other document incorporated by reference. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, any document incorporated by reference hereto and 
referring to the guarantee attached to the Covered Bonds may be found at the following website: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-prospectus/estense-cpt-covered-bond. 
If the Programme is listed and admitted to trading in a regulated market, either than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the documentation listed above shall be made available pursuant to the applicable rules of the 
relevant regulated market. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus and copies of any Final Terms relating to the Covered Bonds will remain publicly available in

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
electronic 
form 
for 
at 
least 
10 
years 
on 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-
prospectus/estense-cpt-covered-bond.  
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly 
available financial statements and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent 
available financial statements of the Guarantor may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on the 
accounts of the Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent 
Investors Report may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Publication on the Internet 
For the purposes of Article 21.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto 
and the Final Terms will be available on a dedicated section of the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to 
be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. ("Deloitte"), whose registered office is at Via Santa Sofia, 28, 20122 Milan, Italy, is the 
current auditor of the Issuer and the Guarantor and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro 
dei Revisori Legali) held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 
January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte is also a member of ASSIREVI – 
Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili. The engagement of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. will expire upon 
approval of the Issuer’s financial statements as at and for the year ending 31 December 2025. 
The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and on the 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
Deloitte applied a review report to the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report as at  30 June 2023 and 
30 June 2024, in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards in Italy. 
Websites

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
Any website included in this Base Prospectus (i) is for information purpose only, (ii) do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and (iii) have not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority in order to comply 
with Article 10(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a term indicates 
the page on which such term is first defined. These and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject 
to, and in some cases are summaries of, the definitions of such terms set out in the Transaction Documents, 
as they may be amended from time to time. 
£ 7 
€ 7, 244 
€STR ................................................................... 94 
2015 Credit Agreement ....................................... 89 
2019 Italian Credit Agreement ............................ 89 
24 hours ............................................................ 287 
30/360 ............................................................... 241 
30E/360............................................................. 241 
30E/360 (ISDA) ................................................. 241 
360/360 ............................................................. 241 
48 hours ............................................................ 287 
Account Bank ...................................................... 15 
Accrual Yield ..................................................... 236 
Actual/360 ......................................................... 241 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ............................................. 241 
Actual/Actual ..................................................... 240 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ........................................ 240 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ......................................... 240 
Additional Business Centre(s) .......................... 236 
Additional Financial Centre(s) .......................... 236 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement13, 
200, 
236 
Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts .... 207, 257 
Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts .. 207, 257 
Additional Seller ........................... 13, 51, 199, 236 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement13, 
56, 
204, 236 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement . 52, 
202, 236 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount ............ 180, 236 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount .......... 215 
Affected Loan .................................................... 181 
Affected Receivables ........................................ 202 
Affiliates ............................................................ 337 
Amortisation Test ................................57, 184, 236 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount..... 184, 
236 
APM .................................................................. 115 
Arranger .............................................................. 13 
Article ................................................................ 288 
Article 74 Event ......................................... 205, 280 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice..................... 205, 236 
Asset Coverage Test ................................ 180, 236 
Asset Monitor ............................. 15, 171, 229, 237 
Asset Monitor Agreement ......................... 171, 237 
Asset Percentage ............................................. 182 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance . 182 
Assignment Agreement .................................... 323 
Available Funds ......................................... 47, 237 
AY .................................................................... 276 
Back-up Account Bank....................................... 15 
Banca Finint ....................................................... 14 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ........ 159 
Banking Act .............................................. 224, 237 
Bankruptcy Law ............................................... 225 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 1, 311 
Benchmark Amendments ................................ 268 
Block Voting Instruction ................................... 285 
Blocked Covered Bonds .................................. 285 
BoI Regulations ............................................ 1, 233 
Bond Basis ....................................................... 241 
Borrower ............................................................ 52 
Borrowers ........................................................... 52 
BPER ..................................................... 1, 12, 233 
BPER Banking Group ........................................ 12 
BPER Commitment Limit ................................... 60 
BPER Group ...................................................... 12 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement .... 50, 197, 237 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 55, 203, 237 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ...... 51, 
202, 237 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice ................. 237 
Breach of Tests Notice....................... 59, 214, 237 
Breach Related Loss........................................ 181 
Broken Amount ................................................ 237 
BRRD ............................................................... 159 
BRRD Amending Directive .............................. 161 
BRRD Implementing Decrees .......................... 160 
Business Day ................................................... 237 
Business Day Convention ................................ 237 
Calculation Agent ....................................... 15, 238 
Calculation Amount .......................................... 238 
Calculation Date ......................................... 32, 238 
Calculation Period ............................................ 238 
Call Option ....................................................... 238 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement ... 209, 
239 
Cash Manager ........................................... 15, 239 
Cash Reserve Account .................................... 189 
Cash Reserve Account .................................... 239 
CB Interest Period ...................................... 19, 239 
CB Payment Date ...................................... 19, 239 
Chairman ......................................................... 286 
CHF ...................................................................... 7 
CICR .................................................................. 87 
Clawed Back Amounts ............................. 207, 246

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
Clearstream .................................................. 3, 239 
Collateral ................................................... 221, 239 
Collateral ............................................................. 41 
Collateral Account ............................................. 239 
Collection Account .................................... 189, 239 
Collection Period ......................................... 44, 239 
Commingling Account ....................................... 189 
Commingling Account ....................................... 239 
Compensation Threshold.................................. 184 
Condition ........................................................... 233 
Conditions ...........................................22, 233, 311 
Conditions to the Issue ....................................... 26 
CONSOB ................................................3, 19, 239 
Convention .......................................................... 89 
Corporate Servicer ...................................... 14, 239 
Corporate Services Agreement ................ 208, 240 
Cover Pool .................................................. 29, 240 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement ..... 212, 240 
Cover Pool Manager ......................................... 240 
Covered Bond Directive ...................................... 96 
Covered Bond Guarantee ................ 204, 223, 234 
Covered Bond Regulation................................... 96 
Covered Bond Swap ................................... 16, 240 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty ............. 16, 240 
Covered Bondholder ......................................... 286 
Covered Bondholders .........................25, 240, 288 
Covered Bonds ............................ 1, 233, 234, 288 
CRA Regulations .................................................. 3 
Criteria ................................................................ 52 
CRR ...................................................................... 1 
CRR II ............................................................... 163 
CSA ................................................................... 221 
CSSF .................................................................... 1 
Cure Period ....................................................... 202 
Day Count Fraction ........................................... 240 
Dealer ............................................................... 242 
Dealers...................................................... 234, 337 
Debtor ................................................................. 51 
Decree 351 ....................................................... 326 
Decree 461 ....................................................... 329 
Decree No. 196 ................................................. 200 
Decree No. 239/1996 ........................................ 278 
Decree No. 262 ................................................. 331 
Decree No. 642 ................................................. 331 
Deecree No. 30 ................................................. 161 
Deloitte .............................................................. 116 
Designated Maturity .......................................... 265 
Destinazione Italia Decree .................................. 86 
DGSD................................................................ 161 
Discount Factor ................................................. 179 
distributor .............................................................. 8 
Due for Payment Date .............................. 206, 242 
each Series of Covered Bonds ......................... 234 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds ..................... 242 
Early Redemption Amount ........................ 206, 242 
Early Redemption Date..................................... 242 
Early Termination Amount ............................... 242 
EBA .................................................................. 162 
ECB .................................................................... 68 
Eligibility Criteria .............................................. 196 
Eligible Asset ..................................................... 28 
Eligible Asset Portfolio ..................................... 196 
Eligible Assets .......................................... 197, 242 
Eligible Cover Pool ........................................... 179 
Eligible Deposits .............................................. 242 
Eligible Deposits Advance ................................. 56 
Eligible Green Assets....................................... 196 
Eligible Institution ............................................. 242 
Eligible Investment ........................................... 243 
Eligible Investments ........................................... 55 
Eligible Social Assets ....................................... 196 
Eligible Sustainability Assets ........................... 196 
EMMI .................................................................... 3 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment 219 
ESG Investment Policy .................................... 196 
ESMA ................................................................... 3 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ................................. 4 
EU CRA Regulation ....................................... 3, 67 
EUR.............................................................. 7, 244 
EURIBOR ........................................... 94, 244, 265 
euro ...................................................................... 7 
Euro.............................................................. 7, 244 
Euro Equivalent ................................................ 244 
Eurobond Basis ................................................ 241 
Euroclear ...................................................... 3, 245 
Eurodollar Convention ..................................... 238 
Euronext Securities Milan ................................ 245 
Event of Default ............................................... 286 
Excess Proceeds ....................................... 47, 245 
Excess Swap Collateral ............................. 41, 245 
Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs
 ..................................................................... 180 
Expense Required Amount ........................ 37, 189 
Expenses ........................................................... 34 
Expenses Account ................................... 189, 245 
Exposure Limit ........................................... 61, 245 
Extended Maturity Date ............................. 24, 245 
Extension Determination Date ................... 25, 245 
Extraordinary Resolution ......................... 245, 286 
FIEA ................................................................. 338 
Final Adhesion Term .......................................... 90 
Final Redemption Amount ................. 24, 206, 245 
Final Terms ................................................ 22, 234 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ........ 338 
Financial Law ............................................... 3, 233 
Fitch ................................................................... 67 
Fixed Coupon Amount ..................................... 245 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond ............................... 245 
Fixed Rate Provisions ...................................... 245 
Floating Rate .................................................... 265 
Floating Rate Convention ................................ 238 
Floating Rate Covered Bond ........................... 245

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
Floating Rate Option ......................................... 265 
Floating Rate Provisions ................................... 246 
Following Business Day Convention ................ 237 
FRN Convention ............................................... 238 
Fund .................................................................. 326 
GDPR................................................................ 200 
General Bail-in Tool .......................................... 159 
General Criteria .................................................. 52 
Green Bonds ..................................................... 195 
Guarantee Asset percentage ............................ 185 
Guaranteed Amounts ................................ 206, 246 
Guarantor ................................................1, 12, 233 
Guarantor Calculation Agent ...................... 15, 246 
Guarantor Default Notice ............................ 34, 246 
Guarantor Event of Default ............................... 280 
Guarantor Events of Default ....................... 33, 246 
Guarantor Payment Date ............................ 37, 246 
Guarantor’s Rights ............................................ 209 
Holder ............................................................... 286 
IASB .................................................................. 116 
ICS .................................................................... 196 
IFRIC................................................................. 117 
Implementation Date ......................................... 246 
Initial Issue Date ............................................... 246 
Initial Receivables ...............................28, 197, 246 
Initial Seller ................................................. 13, 246 
Initial Transfer Date ............................................ 44 
Initial Valuation Date ........................................... 44 
Initial Valuation Date ......................................... 246 
Insolvency Event ................................................. 32 
Insolvency Event ............................................... 259 
Instalment Covered Bond ................................. 247 
Insurance Policy ................................................. 85 
Integration Advance ............................................ 56 
Integration Assets ........................ 29, 52, 197, 247 
Integration Assignment ............................... 50, 247 
Intercreditor Agreement ............................ 208, 247 
Interest Amount ................................................ 247 
Interest Available Funds ............................. 39, 247 
Interest Basis .................................................... 248 
Interest Commencement Date .................... 19, 248 
Interest Coverage Test ............................. 178, 248 
Interest Determination Date .............................. 248 
Intermediary ...................................................... 326 
Investment Account .................................. 189, 248 
Investment Agent ........................................ 15, 248 
Investment Date ................................................ 192 
Investor Report ................................................. 210 
Investor Report Date ......................................... 212 
Investor’s Currency ........................................... 103 
IOSCO Benchmark Principles ............................ 94 
IRAP.................................................................. 326 
IRES.................................................................. 326 
ISDA............................................................ 16, 221 
ISDA Definitions ................................................ 249 
ISDA Determination .......................................... 249 
ISDA Rate ........................................................ 264 
Issuance Advance .............................................. 56 
Issuance Assignment ......................................... 50 
Issue Date .................................................. 19, 249 
Issue Price ................................................. 19, 249 
Issuer ................................................................. 12 
Issuer ................................................................... 1 
Issuer ............................................................... 233 
Issuer ............................................................... 249 
Issuer Event of Default............................. 249, 278 
Issuer Events of Default ..................................... 30 
Italian Insolvency Code ............................ 225, 229 
Italy....................................................................... 7 
Latest Valuation ............................................... 183 
Law 111 ............................................................. 98 
Law 126 ............................................................. 89 
Law 130 ....................................................... 1, 233 
Law Decree 93 ................................................... 89 
Law No. 342 ....................................................... 87 
Liabilities .......................................................... 286 
Liquid Assets ........................................ 29, 52, 249 
Liquidation Date ....................................... 193, 249 
Liquidity Buffer Account ........................... 193, 249 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account .......... 193, 249 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount .................. 60, 249 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance ...................... 180 
Luxembourg Listing Agent ......................... 16, 249 
Mandate Agreement ................................ 220, 249 
Mandatory Tests ...................................... 178, 249 
Margin .............................................................. 249 
Master Transfer Agreement ....................... 13, 200 
Master Transfer Agreement ............................. 249 
Master Transfer Agreements ..................... 13, 200 
Master Transfer Agreements ........................... 249 
Maturity Date .............................................. 23, 249 
Maximum Rate of Interest ................................ 249 
Maximum Redemption Amount ....................... 250 
Meeting .................................................... 250, 286 
MEF Decree ..................................................... 250 
MiFID II ................................................................ 2 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ....................... 8 
Minimum OC Requirement ........................ 61, 250 
Minimum Rate of Interest ................................. 250 
Minimum Redemption Amount ........................ 250 
M-MDA ............................................................. 162 
Modified Business Day Convention ................. 238 
Modified Following Business Day Convention . 238 
Monte Titoli .......................................................... 2 
Monte Titoli Account Holder ............................. 286 
Monte Titoli Account Holders ............................... 2 
Monthly Calculation Date ................................. 250 
Moody’s ............................................ 3, 17, 67, 250 
Moody’s Deposit Compensation ...................... 183 
Moody’s Set-Off Exposure ............................... 183 
Morningstar DBRS ............................................. 67 
Mortgage Credit Directive .................................. 88

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
Mortgage Loans ..................................28, 197, 250 
Mortgage Pool Swap .................................. 16, 250 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty ............ 15, 250 
MREL ................................................................ 162 
Negative Carry Factor ............................... 182, 250 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover 
Pool ............................................................... 178 
Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool ... 179 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered 
Bonds ............................................................ 179 
No Adjustment .................................................. 238 
Nominal Value Test .................................. 178, 250 
Non Performing Loan ................................ 180, 250 
Notice to Pay .............................................. 30, 250 
NPLs ................................................................. 159 
NPV Test .................................................. 178, 250 
NRAs................................................................. 162 
OBG Calculation Period.................................... 240 
OBG Regulations .......................................... 1, 233 
Official Gazette ................................................. 251 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ................. 251 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .................. 251 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ...................... 251 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ...................... 251 
Order ......................................................... 207, 251 
Ordinary Resolution .......................................... 286 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ....... 251 
Original Reference Rate ..................................... 95 
Originator ............................................................ 85 
Outstanding Principal Balance ......................... 251 
Pass Through Series .................................. 24, 251 
Paying Agents ................................................... 251 
Payment Business Day..................................... 251 
Payments Account .................................... 189, 251 
Payments Report .............................................. 210 
Payments Report Date ............................. 212, 251 
Perpetual Case ................................................... 83 
Person............................................................... 252 
Place of Payment .............................................. 252 
Post- Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments ........................................................ 48 
Post-Acceleration Report .................................. 210 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments ................................................ 50, 252 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments
 ................................................................ 47, 252 
Potential Commingling Amount ........................ 183 
Potential Set-off Amounts ................................. 183 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............... 238 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment .......................................................... 37 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments ...................................................... 252 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments ................................................ 39, 252 
Price Adjustment Advance.................................. 56 
Primary Paying Agent ................................ 16, 252 
Principal Available Funds .......................... 43, 252 
Principal Financial Centre ................................ 253 
Priorities of Payments ........................................ 50 
Priority of Payments ......................................... 253 
Privacy Law ...................................................... 200 
Programme .................................................. 1, 233 
Programme Agreement.................... 218, 234, 337 
Programme Limit ........................................ 17, 253 
Programme Resolution ............................ 253, 286 
Programme Termination Date ......................... 199 
Prospectus Regulation ................................. 1, 311 
Proxy ................................................................ 286 
Public Entity Securities .............................. 29, 197 
Public Securities .............................................. 253 
Put Option ........................................................ 254 
Put Option Notice ..................................... 202, 254 
Put Option Receipt ........................................... 254 
Quota Capital Account ............................. 189, 254 
Quotaholders ................................................... 169 
Quotaholders’ Agreement ........................ 218, 254 
Rate of Interest ................................................ 254 
Rating Agency ................................ 3, 17, 254, 287 
Rating Event .............................................. 42, 261 
Real Estate Funds ........................................... 326 
Receivables ............................................... 29, 254 
Redemption Amount ........................................ 254 
Redemption/Payment Basis ............................ 254 
Reference Banks ............................................. 254 
Reference Price ............................................... 254 
Reference Rate ................................................ 254 
Register ............................................................ 287 
Registered CB Conditions ........................... 2, 323 
Registered CB Rules Agreement ............... 20, 323 
Registered Covered Bondholders ...................... 20 
Registered Covered Bonds .................... 2, 16, 323 
Registered Paying Agent ................... 17, 254, 323 
Registered Paying Agent ................................. 287 
Registrar ...................................... 16, 93, 254, 323 
Registrar .......................................................... 287 
Regular Date .................................................... 255 
Regular Period ................................................. 254 
Relevant Clearing System ............................... 255 
Relevant Clearing Systems ................................. 2 
Relevant Date .................................................. 255 
Relevant Dealer ............................................... 337 
Relevant Dealer(s) ........................................... 255 
Relevant Dealers ............................................. 219 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................... 255 
Relevant Screen Page ..................................... 255 
Relevant Time .................................................. 255 
Relibi Law ........................................................ 333 
Renegotiated Loan ........................................... 181 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders .... 17, 
234, 255 
Required Redemption Amount ........................ 255

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
Required Redemption Amount ................... 47, 215 
Required Reserve Amount ......................... 42, 256 
Reset Date ........................................................ 265 
Resolutions ....................................................... 287 
Responsible Persons ............................................ 5 
Revolving Assignment ........................................ 50 
RP ..................................................................... 276 
Rules ................................................................. 285 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders .................................................. 235 
S&P ..................................................................... 67 
Sale Date .................................................... 62, 256 
Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice ............................... 256 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date ............ 207, 256 
Scheduled Interest .................................... 207, 256 
Scheduled Payment Date ......................... 207, 257 
Scheduled Principal .................................. 207, 257 
Screen Rate Determination .............................. 257 
Second Moody’s Rating Trigger ....................... 183 
Second Party Opinion ....................................... 196 
Secured Amounts ............................................. 209 
Secured Creditors ..................................... 208, 257 
Securities Account ............................................ 189 
Securities Act ................................................ 7, 337 
Security ............................................................. 304 
Selected Assets ................................................ 257 
Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice ............................... 257 
Sellers ......................................................... 13, 257 
Sellers’ Claims .................................................... 37 
Series ..................................................17, 233, 257 
Series of Covered Bonds .................................. 257 
Series Reserved Matter .................................... 291 
Servicer ...............................................14, 200, 258 
Servicer Report ................................................. 258 
Servicer Termination Event .............................. 201 
Servicing Agreement ................................ 200, 258 
SGRs ................................................................ 326 
SIMs .................................................................. 326 
Social Bonds ..................................................... 195 
Specific Criteria ................................................... 52 
Specified Currency ..................................... 18, 258 
Specified Denomination(s)................................ 258 
Specified Office ................................................. 258 
Specified Period ................................................ 258 
SRB ................................................................... 162 
SRM .................................................................. 164 
SRM Regulation ................................................ 164 
Stabilising Manager(s) .......................................... 7 
Subordinated Loan ..................................... 55, 203 
Subordinated Loan Agreement ......................... 258 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ......................... 56 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ......................... 13 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ...................... 204 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ...................... 258 
Subordinated Loan Interest ............................. 203 
Subordinated Loan Provider ...................... 13, 258 
Subscription Agreement........................... 234, 337 
Subsequent Paying Agent ......................... 16, 258 
Subsequent Portfolio.................................. 50, 197 
Subsequent Portfolios ...................................... 258 
Subsequent Receivables ................................... 28 
Subsidiary ........................................................ 258 
sub-unit .................................................... 263, 265 
successor ......................................................... 288 
Successor Servicer .................................... 14, 201 
Suspension Period ................................... 208, 280 
Sustainability Bonds......................................... 195 
Swap Agreements ...................................... 16, 258 
Swap Collateral Account .................................... 41 
Swap Counterparties ................................. 16, 259 
Swap Counterparty .......................................... 259 
Swap Curve ..................................................... 180 
Swap Rate ....................................................... 287 
Swap Trigger .............................................. 42, 259 
T2 ..................................................................... 259 
T2 Settlement Day ........................................... 259 
Tax Reform ........................................................ 98 
Test Performance Report .................. 60, 214, 259 
Tests ........................................................ 180, 259 
TLAC standard ................................................. 163 
Tranche ...................................................... 18, 234 
Transaction Documents ................................... 259 
Transaction Party ..................................... 287, 288 
Transfer Date ................................................... 184 
U.S. Dollar ............................................................ 7 
U.S.$ .................................................................... 7 
UK ........................................................................ 3 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ............................... 94 
UK CRA Regulation ..................................... 3, 104 
UK Sterling ........................................................... 7 
Usury Law .......................................................... 86 
Usury Law Decree ............................................. 86 
Usury Rates ....................................................... 86 
Usury Regulations .............................................. 86 
Valuation Date ................................................. 197 
Valuation Date ................................................... 44 
Voter................................................................. 287 
Voting Certificate .............................................. 287 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ................ 259 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreements 52, 202, 259 
White List ......................................................... 327 
Written Resolution ............................................ 287 
y 276 
Yen ....................................................................... 7 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond ............................ 259 
Zero Coupon Provisions .................................. 259

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER, INITIAL SELLER, PRIMARY PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT, 
ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH MANAGER 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER  
UBS EUROPE SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALER 
UBS EUROPE SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS, BACK-UP SERVICER FACILITATOR AND 
GUARANTOR CALCULATION AGENT 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
BACK-UP ACCOUNT BANK AND SUBSEQUENT PAYING AGENT 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV - Milan Branch 
Via Mike Bongiorno, 13 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque International à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d’Esch Office PLM – 101 F 
L-2953 Luxembourg

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS  
To the Issuer 
As to Italian law and English law 
Hogan Lovells Studio Legale 
Via Marche 1-3 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
 
To the Arranger and the Dealer  
As to Italian law and English law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and Guarantor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Santa Sofia, 28  
20122 Milan 
Italy