--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 29 JULY 2024 
BPER Banca S.p.A.  
(a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy)  
Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme  
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by  
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy)   
The Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") has been established by Banca Carige S.p.A. ("Banca Carige", successively BPER Banca S.p.A.) ("BPER", 
the "Company", the "Bank" or the "Issuer") for the issuance of European covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite 
europee) (the "Covered Bonds") guaranteed by Carige Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") pursuant to Title I-bis of law 
of 30 April 1999, No. 130, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Law 130"), article 129 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") and the Supervisory 
Instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” relating to covered bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3, of circular n. 285 dated 17 December 2013, as replaced, 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "BoI Regulations" and, together with the Law 130 and Article 129 of 
CRR, jointly the "OBG Regulations"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all the Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by 
the Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time 
to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), in its capacity 
as competent authority in Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a base prospectus under article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129,as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 
(Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 
2017/1129) (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in Covered Bonds.  
Application has been made for Covered Bonds to be admitted during the period of 12 months following the date of approval 
of this Base Prospectus to listing on the official list and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). As referred 
to in Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or 
the quality and solvency of the Issuer. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. In addition, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer named under "Subscription 
and Sale" may agree to make an application to list a Series or Tranche on any other stock exchange as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 29 July 2025. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.  
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency). 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including Euro, GBP, CHF, Yen 
and USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually, in arrear at fixed or floating 
rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest 
accruing and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds).  
The terms of each Series or Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Series or Tranche prepared in 
accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if listed, to be delivered to the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series or Tranche.  
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, ("Monte 
Titoli") for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" 
means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte 
Titoli and includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed 
by the Relevant Clearing System. The expression "Relevant Clearing Systems" means any of Clearstream Banking, Société 
Anonyme, with registered office at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg ("Clearstream") and Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System, with registered office at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Bruxelles 
("Euroclear"). Each Series or Tranche is and will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below). Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds 
will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Financial Services Act") and implementing regulations and with the joint 
regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy dated 22 February 
2008 and published in the Official Gazette No. 54 of 4 March 2008, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical 
document of title is and will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form.  
The Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set 
out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase).  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, in which event (in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to the Official List only) a drawdown 
base prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Covered Bonds.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to either the EURIBOR or such other 
benchmark as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute ("EMMI"), as administrator of EURIBOR is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). The regulatory status of any administrator 
under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and save as required by the applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to provide any updates or prepare any supplement to reflect any changes in the regulatory status of any administrator. 
Each Series or Tranche is expected, upon the relevant issue, to be assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
by DBRS Rating GmbH ("DBRS"), and/or Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody's France SAS, as the case may be ("Moody's") 
and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered 
Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme (the "Rating Agencies"). The rating of certain Series or Tranches to 
be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds 
is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether 
or not a rating in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by (i) 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended from time to time (the "EU CRA Regulation") or (ii) or (iii) a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation" 
and together with the EU CRA Regulation, the "CRA Regulations") but is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the European Union but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. Moody's and DBRS are rating agencies established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued 
by DBRS and/or Moody's, each of which is established in the European Union and each of which is registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation. As such Moody's and DBRS are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website in accordance with such EU CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
An investment in Covered Bond issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of certain risks 
and other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds, see the section 
entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus.  
Joint Arrangers 
 
NatWest Markets 
  
 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
 
NatWest Markets 
  
 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................................................. 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................................. 48 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ............................................................................................................................................................... 77 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................................... 78 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE SELLER ................................................................................................................. 88 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ..................................................................................................................................... 129 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR ............................................................................................................................... 133 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES .............................................. 135 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS ............................................................................................................................................... 147 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................................................... 152 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ......................................................................................................... 153 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ................................................................................................................................. 173 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ....................................................................................................... 182 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................................ 242 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY .............................................................................................................................. 254 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................... 262 
FATCA WITHHOLDING ............................................................................................................................................................. 263 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................................................... 264 
GENERAL INFORMATION......................................................................................................................................................... 268 
GLOSSARY ................................................................................................................................................................................... 272

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purposes 
of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, 
having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
The Guarantor has provided the information under the section headed “Description of the Guarantor” and any other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself and, together with the Issuer (the “Responsible Persons”), accepts responsibility 
for the information contained in those sections. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, having taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case, the information and data in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with 
the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial report, pursuant to article 154-bis, paragraph 2 of the 
Financial Law  
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial report (dirigente preposto), Marco Bonfatti, declares in accordance 
with art. 154-bis, paragraph 2 of the Financial Law, that the accounting data contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the 
underlying documents, accounting books and the other accounting entries of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto along with all documents incorporated 
herein by reference (see the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, below) and, in relation to any Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed “Documents 
incorporated by reference”, below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus (and, therefore, acting in 
association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds" below, unless otherwise defined in the specific section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For 
the ease of reference, the section headed "Glossary" below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each 
capitalised term is defined.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with 
this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation with the Programme or any other information supplied by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or any party to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Conditions).  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Seller, the Guarantor, the Joint Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Seller or the Guarantor or the Joint Arrangers, or the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered 
Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or in any circumstances imply that the information contained 
herein concerning the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Joint Arrangers and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, the Seller 
and the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to 
their attention. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its approval date and it and any supplement hereto, as well as any Final Terms 
filed within such 12 months, reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered 
Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to 
their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since 
such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders have independently verified the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(i) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme and (ii) for any acts or omissions 
of the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. 
Neither the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by Issuer, the Seller 
and the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data, as well as calculations taken from industry reports, market 
research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that 
information reproduced herein derives from a third party, such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the 
Responsible Persons are aware and are able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where 
used. 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the reports of the auditors 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor who have audited the consolidated financial statements of the BPER Group and each of the financial 
statements of the Issuer and the Guarantor for the financial year ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.  
For further information please see, respectively, the section headed “Auditors” in the “General Information” of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of the Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see "Selling Restrictions" of this Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States of America or to U.S. persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area, including the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the 
Republic of Italy and in the United Kingdom and in Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered 
Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes an offer, nor 
may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the 
Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised 
or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of such Covered Bond, 
to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as 
set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its 
compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended;

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
references to “U.S.$ ” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the United States of America; references to “CHF” are to the currency 
of Switzerland; references to “Yen” are to the currency of Japan; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the 
United Kingdom; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, 
to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them.  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.  
The Joint Arrangers are acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be responsible to any 
person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Joint Arrangers or for providing advice in relation 
to the issue of the Covered Bonds.  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered or certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply 
in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted under the 
UK CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application 
is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU- or UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulations, as the case may be (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) the Covered Bonds 
are legal investments for it, (b) the Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Each potential investor in any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered Bonds, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, 
an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds, 
including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and 
other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance 
yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to investors’ overall portfolios. A potential investor should not

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
such Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.   
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under 
EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules 
set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following section contains a general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective 
purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an 
investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered condition are to such condition in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below.  
1.  
PARTIES 
Issuer 
BPER Banca S.p.A., a bank incorporated as a joint stock company 
(società per azioni) under the laws of the Republic of Italy, fiscal 
code and enrolment with the companies’ register of Modena under 
number 01153230360, adhering to "Gruppo IVA BPER Banca" – 
VAT number 03830780361, registered with the register of banks 
(albo delle banche) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 
of Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Banking Law") under number 
4932, parent company of the "Gruppo bancario BPER Banca S.p.A." 
registered with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Banking Law under number 5387.6 
(the "BPER Banking Group"), having its registered office at via San 
Carlo, 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy (the "Issuer" or "BPER").  
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see section "Description 
of the Issuer and the Seller" below. 
Joint Arrangers 
NatWest Markets N.V., a company incorporated under the laws of 
The Netherlands, whose registered address is at Claude Debussylaan 
94, Amsterdam 1082 MD, The Netherlands ("NWM") and UBS 
Europe SE, a company registered with the commercial register 
(Handelsregister) at the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am 
Main under HRB 107 046, whose registered address is at 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 60306 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
("UBS" and jointly with NWM, the "Joint Arrangers"). 
Dealers 
NWM and UBS and any other dealer appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Guarantor 
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy on 3 
October 2007 as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) pursuant to Law 130, whose registered office is in Genoa, 
Via Cassa di Risparmio, No. 15, Italy, registered with the Companies' 
Register of Genoa under No. 05887770963, belonging to the BPER 
Banking Group and subject to the direction and coordination (attività 
di direzione e coordinamento) of BPER (the "Guarantor"). 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see section 
"Description of the Guarantor". 
Seller 
BPER will act as seller under the Master Transfer Agreement (in such 
capacity, the "Seller"). For a more detailed description of the Seller, 
see the section headed “Description of the Issuer and Seller”, below. 
Servicer 
BPER (the "Servicer") will also act as servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Agreement. For a more detailed description of BPER, see 
section "Description of the Issuer and the Seller". 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the "Successor Servicer") which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing activities 
performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing entity

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event (as 
defined below) (for a more detailed description see "Description of 
the Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement"). 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator 
Zenith Global S.p.A. a company organised as joint stock company 
(società per azioni) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy, with registered office at Corso Vittorio Emanuele II n. 24/28, 
20122 Milan, Italy, fully paid share capital of Euro 2.000.000, fiscal 
code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan - Monza – 
Brianza – Lodi number 02200990980, belonging to the Arrow Global 
VAT Group number 11407600961 enrolled in the register of 
financial intermediaries ("Albo Unico") held by Bank of Italy 
pursuant to articles 106 of the Banking Law, registered under the 
number 30, ABI Code 32590.2 (the "Back-up Servicer 
Facilitator"). 
Liquidity Facility Provider 
BPER will act as liquidity facility provider under the Facility Liquidity 
Agreement (the "Liquidity Facility Provider"). 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPER will act as subordinated loan provider under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement (the "Subordinated Loan Provider"). 
Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter “Banca Finint 
S.p.A.”, a bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a “società per 
azioni” having its registered office in Via V. Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 91,743,007.00 fully paid 
up, tax code and enrolment in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-
Belluno under number 04040580963, VAT Group "Gruppo IVA 
FININT S.P.A." – VAT number 04977190265, registered with the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the Banking Law under number 5580, 
parent company of the "Gruppo Banca Finanziaria Internazionale", 
member of the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi and of the 
Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia (“Banca Finint”) will act as corporate 
servicer under the Corporate Services Agreement  (the "Corporate 
Servicer"). 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors has been 
appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer, 
and which will act as an independent monitor pursuant to an Asset 
Monitor Agreement in order to perform tests and procedures, including 
those in accordance with the applicable legal regulations. The current 
Asset Monitor is PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. a company 
incorporated in Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
whose registered office is in Milan registered with the companies’ 
register of Milan under number 12979880155 and enrolled under 
number 119644 with the register of statutory auditors (Registro Dei 
Revisori Legali) maintained by the Minister of Economy and Finance, 
having its registered office at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy 
(the "Asset Monitor"). 
Cash Manager 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws of France 
licensed to conduct banking operations, having its registered office at 
Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, Paris, France, registered with the Chamber 
of Commerce of Paris under number 662 042 449, with a fully paid-up 
share capital of Euro 2,294,954,818, which acts for the purposes hereof 
through the Securitisation Services Business Line of its Italian branch, 
whose offices are located in Piazza Lina Bo Bardi n. 3, Milan, enrolled 
in the register of the banks held by the Bank of Italy under no. 5482, 
Fiscal code and VAT code no. 04449690157, REA n. 731270 (“BNP 
Paribas, Italian Branch”) will act as cash manager pursuant to the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the "Cash Manager").

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
Investment Agent 
BPER will act as investment agent under the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the "Investment Agent"). For a more detailed 
description of BPER, see section "Description of the Issuer and the 
Seller". 
Italian Account Bank 
BPER will act as Italian account bank pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the "Italian Account Bank"), 
for the purpose of maintaining and operating the Quota Capital Account 
and the Expense Account. 
Transaction Bank 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, will act as transaction bank under the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the "Transaction Bank"), for 
the purpose of maintaining and operating the Transaction Account, the 
Investment Account and the Reserve Account. 
Account Banks 
The Italian Account Bank, the Collateral Account Bank (if any) and the 
Transaction Bank. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, BPER will 
act as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"). The Calculation 
Agent will perform certain calculations and conduct certain tests 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, Banca 
Finint will act as guarantor calculation agent (the "Guarantor 
Calculation Agent"). The Guarantor Calculation Agent will perform 
certain calculations and conduct certain tests pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty 
Any institution which agrees to act as covered bond swap counterparty 
(each, a "Covered Bond Swap Counterparty") to the Guarantor under 
any covered bond swap agreement executed with the Guarantor in order 
to hedge certain interest rate risks, and possibly currency risks, in 
respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Asset Swap (if 
any) and certain amounts to be paid in respect of the Subordinated Loan 
and the Covered Bonds (the "Covered Bond Swap"). 
Asset Swap Counterparty 
Any institution which may agree to act as asset swap counterparty 
(each, an "Asset Swap Counterparty") to the Guarantor under any 
asset swap agreement that may be executed with the Guarantor in order 
to hedge certain interest rate risks, and possibly currency risks, in 
respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (the "Asset Swap"). 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty and the Assets Swap 
Counterparty, as the case may be. 
Swap Agreements 
The Covered Bond Swap(s) and, if any, the Asset Swap(s), each of 
which is, or will be, documented in accordance with the documentation 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
("ISDA"), and is, or will be, subject to:  
(i) 
1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto 
("ISDA Master Agreement");  
(ii) 
1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to 
the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement ("CSA"); and  
(iii) 
the relevant Confirmation(s).

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
Principal Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch will act as principal paying agent under the 
Programme pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the "Principal Paying Agent"). 
Italian Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank S.p.A., a bank organised under the laws of Italy, whose 
registered office is in Milan, at Piazza del Calendario, No. 3, Italy, 
registered with the Companies' Register of Milan under number 
01340740156 and registered with the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 
13 of the Banking Law under number 3104.7, will act as Italian Paying 
Agent under the Programme (the "Italian Paying Agent"). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg Société Anonyme, a bank organised as 
société anonyme under the laws of Luxembourg, whose registered 
office is at 2 bd. Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg, will act as 
Luxembourg listing agent under the Programme (the "Luxembourg 
Listing Agent"). 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, a company organised as a limited 
company under the laws of England and Wales, whose registered office 
is at 21 Moorfields London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom, will act as 
representative of the covered bondholders pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement and the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
(the "Representative of the Covered Bondholders"). 
Ownership or control relationships between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect ownership 
or control relationships exist between the principal parties described 
above in this Section, other than the relationship existing between the 
Issuer (also as Seller, Servicer, Subordinated Loan Provider, 
Calculation Agent, Investment Agent, Italian Account Bank and 
Liquidity Facility Provider) and the Guarantor, all of which belong to 
the BPER Group. The entities belonging to the BPER Group are subject 
to the direction and coordination (direzione e coordinamento) of the 
Issuer. 
Rating Agencies 
DBRS Rating GmbH ("DBRS"), and/or Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's"), or their successors, to the extent that at the relevant time 
they provide ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds 
and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from time to 
time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for 
the remaining duration of the Programme (the "Rating Agencies").  
2.  
THE COVERED BONDS AND THE PROGRAMME 
Description 
A covered bond Programme under which Covered Bonds will be issued 
by the Issuer to Covered Bondholders (Obbligazioni Bancarie 
Garantite Europee) and guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Programme Amount 
Up to Euro 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite Europee) denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to 
issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be 
included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered 
Bonds outstanding at any time (the "Programme Limit"). The 
Programme Limit may be increased in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the relevant 
selling restrictions.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
Selling Restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the distribution 
of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be subject to certain 
selling restrictions. Persons who are in possession of this Base 
Prospectus are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Joint 
Arrangers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such 
restriction. The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, the Covered Bonds 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of 
America or to U.S. persons. There are further restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and the offer or 
sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area, including the 
Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in the United 
Kingdom and in Japan.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered 
Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies as may be 
agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and indicated in the applicable Final Terms (each a "Specified 
Currency"), subject to compliance with all applicable legal, regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject to the minimum 
denomination requirements specified below, the Covered Bonds will be 
issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal or regulatory or 
central bank requirements (see Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and 
Title)). 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered 
to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency).  
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or at a premium over, par, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (in each case, the "Issue Price" for such Series or Tranche). 
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, pursuant to, 
and in accordance with, the Programme Agreement (each, the "Issue 
Date" in relation to such Series or Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, subject in 
each case, to the extent provided in the relevant Final Terms, to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention 
(as defined in the Conditions) (such date, a "CB Payment Date"). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in 
case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on (but excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date) ("CB Interest 
Period"). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date 
of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms ("Interest 
Commencement Date"). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and will be 
held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Series or Tranche will 
be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date in accordance 
with the Financial Services Act. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be held 
in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by 
book entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of the Financial 
Services Act and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB on  13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds may be 
Amortising Covered Bonds, Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds 
scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date and Covered 
Bonds repayable in one or more instalments or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms. Each Series or tranche shall be comprised 
of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
only or Amortising Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds only or such other Covered Bonds accruing interest on such 
other basis and at such other rate as may be so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms only. 
 
Amortising Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, in addition to interest, the Issuer will pay, 
at each Covered Bond Instalment Date (as defined below) a portion of 
principal up to the relevant Maturity Date (as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) in instalments. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: fixed interest on the Covered Bonds will 
be payable in accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear 
interest at a rate determined in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms. he margin (if any) relating to such floating rate 
will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers for each 
Series or Tranche of Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.  
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, 
will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for in the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be 
offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series, but on different terms from 
each other, subject to the terms set out in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be 
fungible among themselves. Series may be issued in more than one 
tranche (each a "Tranche") which are fungible among themselves 
within the Series and are identical in all respects, but having different 
issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for 
first interest payments. The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without 
the prior consent of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but 
subject to certain conditions (see "Conditions Precedent to the Issuance 
of a new Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds" below). 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance with the 
generally applicable terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the 
"Conditions") prior to the issue of each Series or Tranche detailing 
certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that Series or 
Tranche only, completes the Conditions and the Base Prospectus and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (such specific 
final terms, the "Final Terms"). The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Series or Tranche are the Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless otherwise 
specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Covered 
Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest will be calculated on the 
principal amount outstanding of the relevant Covered Bonds (the 
"Principal Amount Outstanding"). Interest will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions 
and in the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the Covered 
Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other basis and at such 
rate as may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method 
of calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Redemption of the Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified cases, 
e.g. redemption by instalments if applicable, taxation reasons, or if it 
becomes unlawful for any Covered Bonds to remain outstanding, or 
following a Guarantor Event of Default), or (b) that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice 
to the Representative of Covered Bondholders on behalf of the holders 
of the Covered Bonds (the "Covered Bondholders") and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Conditions and of the relevant Final Terms, 
on a date or dates specified prior to such maturity and at a price or prices 
and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) or (c) that 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders, as provided in Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option 
of Covered Bondholders). 
 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable at par as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and in any case the redemption amount shall be at 
least equal to par value. Covered Bonds may also be redeemable in two 
or more instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Gross Up and Redemption for taxation 
reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the Issuer will 
be made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by Italy, subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation).

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be made, the 
Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts 
so deducted. In such circumstances and provided that such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, the Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) 
at the option of the Issuer. See Condition 8(e) (Redemption for tax 
reasons).  
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount due to 
taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as defined 
below).  
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series or Tranche (the "Maturity Date") 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the currency of the Covered 
Bonds. Unless previously redeemed as provided in Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase), and subject to any provision regarding the 
extension of maturity which may be included in the Final Terms, the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at their 
Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Maturity Date. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the 
Final Redemption Amount (as defined below) of the applicable Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred 
pursuant to the Conditions (the "Extended Maturity Date"). Such 
deferral will automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, if:  
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and  
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments) to pay in full any amount representing the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the amount due 
(subject to the applicable grace period) in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Final Redemption Amount") on 
the Extension Determination Date.  
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Guarantor has sufficient 
Available Funds (as defined below) to pay in part the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the Guarantor shall make on each CB Payment Date according to the 
relevant Final Terms partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount, in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments (as defined below), without any preference among the 
Covered Bonds outstanding, except in respect of maturities of each 
Series or Tranche.  
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any CB Payment 
Date thereafter according to the relevant Final Terms, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue 
to accrue and be payable on any unpaid amount up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity). 
Redemption by instalments 
If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in such

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
number of instalments, in such amounts ("Instalment Amounts") and 
on such dates as may be specified in or determined in accordance with 
the relevant Final Terms and upon each partial redemption as provided 
by the Condition 8(c) (Redemption by instalments), the outstanding 
principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
Extended Instalment Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to an Instalment Amount of the applicable Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment 
Date may be deferred pursuant to the Conditions (the "Extended 
Instalment Date"). Such deferral will automatically occur, if so stated 
in the relevant Final Terms, if:  
(a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and  
(b) 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments) to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the Instalment Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bond as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms on the Instalment Extension Determination Date.  
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the 
applicable Extended Instalment Date, provided that, any amount 
representing the Instalment Amounts due and remaining unpaid after 
the Instalment Extension Determination Date (as defined below) may 
be paid by the Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter according 
to the relevant Final Terms, up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Instalment Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any 
unpaid amount up to the Extended Instalment Date in accordance with 
Condition 8(d) (Extension of principal instalments).  
"Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to 
any Covered Bond Instalment Date, the date falling 2 Business Days 
after the expiry of seven days from (and including) such Covered Bond 
Instalment Date.  
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal 
instalment is due on a Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor 
with limited recourse to the Available Funds and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, except in respect of 
maturities of each Series or Tranche, and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same 
maturity of each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds, from time to 
time outstanding. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and 
with the terms and conditions of the relevant Transaction Documents 
(as defined below), the Covered Bondholders will benefit from recourse 
on the Issuer and limited recourse on the Guarantor. The obligation of 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited 
recourse to the Available Funds. For a more detailed description, see 
section "Credit Structure". 
Provisions of Transaction Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
Documents applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, 
by reason of holding Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound 
by the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as if such Covered 
Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
Conditions precedent to the issuance of a new 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on any date 
and without the consent of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued 
beforehand and of any other creditors of the Guarantor or of the Issuer, 
to issue further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds other than the first 
issued Series or Tranche, subject to:  
 
(i) 
satisfaction of the Tests (as defined below) and the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount both before and immediately after such 
further issue of Covered Bonds; and  
(ii) 
no Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) having occurred. 
 
The payment obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under all 
Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the 
Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond Guarantee (as defined below) 
(see also section "Ranking of the Covered Bonds").  
Approval, listing and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers in relation to the Series or Tranche. 
Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Settlement 
Covered Bonds will be settled through Monte Titoli, Euroclear, 
Clearstream or any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents will be governed 
by Italian law, except for the Swap Agreements and the Deeds of 
Charge, which will be governed by English law. 
Ratings 
Each Series or Tranche issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by one or more of the Rating Agencies as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms on the Issue Date.  
Whether or not a rating in relation to any any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or endorsed (i) by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (ii) by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (iii) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European 
Union but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation, which may be found on the following page: at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the relevant Rating Agency. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the by the 
Issuer open market or otherwise and at any price. If purchase is made 
by tender, tenders must be available to all holders of the Series or 
Tranche which the Issuer intends to buy. 
 
3.  
COVERED BOND GUARANTEE  
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, by virtue of the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
the Covered Bondholders will benefit from a guarantee issued by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited 
recourse to the Available Funds (as defined below).  
The Cover Pool 
The assets comprised in the Cover Pool will consist of: 
(A) monetary receivables arising from Italian residential and 
commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari 
residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of 
the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior to the 
Implementation Date (as defined below) or, with respect to loans 
assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out in article 
129, paragraph 1, letter (d) and (f), of the CRR and article 7-
novies of Law 130 (the “Mortgage Loans” or the “Eligible 
Assets"” and the first portfolio of monetary claims arising from 
the Mortgage Loans transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement (the “Initial 
Receivables”); 
(B) (i) the assets mentioned in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of 
the CRR which meet the requirements set forth under article 129, 
paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130, and 
(ii) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned in

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided 
that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) above are qualified 
as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and 
article 129 of the CRR (the “Integration Assets”); and  
(C) the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) 
and (b) of Law 130, provided that such assets meet the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 of the 
CRR and Law 130 (“Liquid Assets”). 
The Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and or Liquid Assets held 
by the Guarantor from time to time are jointly referred to as the “Cover 
Pool”. 
For the purpose hereof, “Public Entity Securities” means any 
securities which meet the requirements set out under article 129, 
paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b) and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee issued in the context 
of the Programme the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed 
Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds on the relevant Due for 
Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments (as 
defined herein).  
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the 
Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment are subject to the 
conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a Notice to 
Pay has been served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if earlier, a Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred and an Acceleration Notice has been served on the 
Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect 
to all Guaranteed Amounts once an Acceleration Notice has been 
delivered to the Guarantor.  
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond  
Guarantee shall constitute a first demand, unconditional and 
independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma a prima richiesta) and 
certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to nonautonomous 
personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in the Law 130, shall not 
apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with limited recourse to 
the Available Funds (as defined below), irrespective of any invalidity, 
irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of 
the Issuer.  
For a more detailed description, see section "Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Covered Bond Guarantee". 
4.  
ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT, GUARANTOR EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND PRIORITIES OF 
PAYMENTS 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute "Issuer 
Events of Default":  
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of 15 days or more to pay 
any principal or redemption amount, or any interest on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche when due; or

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any 
obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
tests), (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is 
not capable of remedy in which case no notice will be 
required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not 
such failure is capable of remedy; or  
(iii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests 
(as defined below) are not met at, or prior to, the next Monthly 
Calculation Date unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Meeting of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders resolves otherwise; or  
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the 
avoidance of dubt, resolution (risoluzione) and “misure di 
intervento precoce”); or  
(v) 
an Article 74 Event has occurred (as defined below). 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve a notice (the "Notice to Pay") on the Issuer 
and Guarantor that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event, that the Issuer Event of 
Default may be temporary) unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
(a) each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves 
against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in accordance 
with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130  and 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction 
Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the 
exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and (C) in case of an Article 74 Event (i) the Guarantor, 
in accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered 
Bonds during the Suspension Period (as defined below) and (ii) 
upon the end of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated 
against the Issuer); 
(b) the Guarantor will pay any amounts due under the Covered 
Bonds on the Due for Payment Date in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee (See Sections 
Covered Bond Guarantee);

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
(c) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount  shall continue to be applied 
and the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement 
shall be also applied; 
(d) no further Covered Bonds will be issued. 
provided that, in case of an Article 74 Event, the effects listed in 
items from (a) to (c) above will only apply during the Suspension 
Period. “Suspension Period” means the period of time following a 
resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law is passed in 
respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 Event"), in which the 
Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the 
payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the 
entire period in which the suspension continues. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Asset Monitor (the "Article 74 Event Cure Notice"), 
informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
"Calculation Date" means the 22nd day of April, July, October and 
January or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day. The first Calculation Date was on the 22nd 
of January 2009. 
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(a) in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa as defined in the Banking Law; 
(b) in respect of any bank, company or corporation (other than the 
Issuer), that:  
(i) 
such a bank, company or corporation has become subject 
to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, 
insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition 
with 
creditors, 
insolvent 
reorganization, 
turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione 
della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement 
procedure (including, without limitation, liquidazione 
giudiziale, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, piani di 
risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione del debito, piano 
di 
ristrutturazione 
soggetto 
ad 
omologazione, 
composizione 
negoziata 
della 
crisi, 
concordato 
semplificato and (other than in respect of the Issuer) 
amministrazione straordinaria, each such expression 
bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, and including also any equivalent or 
analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such bank, company or corporation is deemed to 
carry on business, including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration 
receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief 
of debtors) or similar proceedings or the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, 
company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or 
any procedure having a similar effect (other than, in the 
case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by 
the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of 
issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may rely 
on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), such

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or  
(ii) an application for the commencement of any of the 
proceedings under paragraph (i) above is made in respect 
of or by such bank, company or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such bank, 
company or corporation or notice is given of an intention 
to appoint an administrator in relation to such bank, 
company or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may rely 
on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), the 
commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed 
in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or  
(iii) such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a 
re-adjustment of deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other 
than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the 
Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent court 
a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any 
guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for 
suspension of payments; or  
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of such 
bank, company or corporation or any of the events under 
Article 2448 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect 
to such bank, company or corporation (except in any such 
case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of 
or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in 
writing 
by 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders); or  
(v) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any 
proceedings equivalent or analogous to those above under 
the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following an Issuer Event of Default, the following events shall 
constitute "Guarantor Events of Default": 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor for a period of 15 days or more in 
the payment of any amounts due for payment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche; or 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
breach of the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date; or 
(iii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series or Tranche 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any 
obligation to ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is 
not capable of remedy in which case no notice will be 
required), such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not 
such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall serve a notice on the Guarantor (the 
"Acceleration Notice") that a Guarantor Event of Default has 
occurred, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. In case on conflict between 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Extraordinary 
Resolution passed in a Meeting, the latter will prevail. 
Upon the service of the Acceleration Notice, all Covered Bonds will 
become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued interest and they will 
rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
Cross Acceleration 
After the delivery of an Acceleration Notice with respect to a Series 
or Tranche, all Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, provided 
that the Covered Bonds does not otherwise contain a cross default 
provision and will thus not cross accelerate against the Guarantor in 
case of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds (as defined 
below) to make payments or to make provisions towards payments 
due before the following Guarantor Payment Date in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof any and all taxes due and payable 
by the Guarantor, to the extent that such sums are not met by 
utilising the amounts standing to the credit of the Expense 
Account and to credit the amount necessary to replenish the 
Expense Account up to the Expense Required Amount;  
(ii) 
 second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata: (a) according to the 
respective amounts thereof any Guarantor's documented fees, 
costs, expenses, in order to preserve its corporate existence, 
to maintain it in good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation (the Expenses), to the extent that such costs and 
expenses are not met by utilising the amount standing to the 
credit of the Expense Account; and (b) the amounts of 
interests (if any) due to the Seller as a remuneration of cash 
advanced to the Guarantor on a preceding Transfer Date in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement;  
(iii) 
third, to pay, in the following order any amount due and 
payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to the extent that 
these are not due by the Issuer to:  
(A) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders,  
(B) pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation 
Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Collateral Account Bank, the 
Transaction Bank, the Investment Agent, the Principal

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Registrar (if 
any), the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and 
the Back-up Servicer (if any);  
(iv) 
fourth, any interest amount due to the Asset Swap 
Counterparty (including any termination payment due and 
payable by the Guarantor, except the Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount);  
(v) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata, interest amounts due to the 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties, pro rata and pari passu 
in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap (including 
any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor 
except the Excluded Swap Termination Amount); 
(vi) 
sixth, to credit the Moody's Potential Commingling Amount 
in an account opened in the name of the Guarantor with an 
Eligible Institution if required pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(vii) 
seventh, to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required 
to ensure that the Reserve Account is funded up to the 
Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the immediately 
preceding Payments Report Date; 
(viii) 
eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, 
to credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to the 
Transaction Account until such Servicer Termination Event 
is either remedied or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a new servicer is appointed; 
(ix) 
ninth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the 
respective amounts thereof any Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount; 
(x) 
tenth, to allocate to the credit of the Principal Available 
Funds an amount equal to the amounts paid under item (i) of 
the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments in the preceding Guarantor Payment Dates; 
(xi) 
eleventh, to pay any interest amount due under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement, provided that no breach of Tests and the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount has occurred and is 
continuing; 
(xii) 
twelfth, to pay any interest due and payable to the Seller 
pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
provided that no breach of Tests and the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount has occurred and is continuing. 
For the avoidance of doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts 
will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly and not under 
the Priority of Payments.  
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means equivalent collateral 
of the same type, nominal value and description as the Swap Collateral 
received by the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the relevant 
Swap Agreement, which is to be transferred back by the Guarantor to 
the relevant Swap Counterparty from time to time in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement.  
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the 27th day of January, April, July and October, 
or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
or (b) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, each 
Business Day.  
"Excluded Swap Termination Amount" means any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor to a swap counterparty, 
where the swap counterparty is the defaulting party or the sole affected 
party pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds (as defined 
below) to make payments or to make provisions towards payments 
due before the following Guarantor Payment Date in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) to 
(vii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment, to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are 
not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, to make 
such payments in full; 
(ii) 
second, to acquire Subsequent Receivables (other than those 
funded through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan) to 
ensure that the Asset Coverage Test, the Mandatory Tests, 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit 
are met; 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: (a) any principal 
amounts due or to become due and payable to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties pro rata and pari passu 
in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap in accordance 
with the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement; (b) the amounts (in respect of principal) due or 
to become due and payable under the Liquidity Facility 
Agreement provided that in any case the Asset Coverage 
Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount are still satisfied after such payment and/or, where 
applicable, provided that no amounts shall be applied to make 
a payment under the Liquidity Facility Agreement if the 
principal amounts outstanding under the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds which have fallen due for 
payment on such Guarantor Payment Date have not been 
repaid in full by the Issuer; and (c) the amounts (in respect of 
principal) due or to become due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan provided that in any case the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Mandatory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount are still satisfied after such payment and/or, 
where applicable, provided that no amounts shall be applied 
to make a payment in respect of the Subordinated Loan if the 
principal amounts outstanding under the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds which have fallen due for 
payment on such Guarantor Payment Date have not been 
repaid in full by the Issuer. 
(the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments"). 
For the avoidance of doubt any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts 
will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly and not under 
the Priority of Payments. 
Interest Available Funds 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the "Interest Available Funds" 
shall include:

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
(i) 
any interest component (other than any amounts necessary to 
meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) collected by the 
Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date (excluding any amount of 
interest collected on the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent 
Receivables which have been included in the calculation of the 
relevant Purchase Price as at the relevant Transfer Date) 
together with any amount retained in the Transaction Account 
from the Interest Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any); 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by 
the Servicer and credited to the Transaction Account during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(iii) all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or 
expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts and on the Eligible 
Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date;  
(iv) all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under 
the Asset Swap, provided that, prior to the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts received on or 
after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be 
applied, together with any provision for such payments made on 
any preceding Calculation Date, (i) to make payments in respect 
of interest due and payable, pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Covered Bond Swap or, as the case may be, (ii) 
to make payments in respect of interest due on the Covered 
Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee, pari passu and pro 
rata in respect of each relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, or (iii) to make provision for the payment of such 
relevant proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other day 
up to the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably determine, or 
otherwise (iv) to make payments under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; and provided further that, prior to the occurrence 
of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts received or 
to be received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date (excluded) which are not used to make the payments or 
provisions set out under the preceding paragraph will be credited 
to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available 
Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date;  
(vi) any amounts other than in respect of principal received under 
the Covered Bond Swaps (other than any Swap Collateral), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received on or after such Guarantor 
Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) 
together with any provision for such payment made on any

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in 
respect of interest on the Covered Bonds under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and provided 
further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after 
such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which are not 
used to make the payments or provisions set out under the 
preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction Account 
and applied as Interest Available Funds on such Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(vii) any swap termination payments received from a Swap 
Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, provided that, prior to 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts 
will first be used to pay a Replacement Swap Counterparty to 
enter into a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a 
Replacement Swap Agreement has already been entered into by 
or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
(viii) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund in excess of 
the Required Reserve Amount and following the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account;  
(ix) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under 
other items of the Interest Available Funds or Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to 
the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period (including i) any amounts paid as interest 
shortfall amount out of item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments and ii) any amounts 
received from the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreement and the Servicing Agreement);  
(x) 
the Moody's Potential Commingling Amount if such amount has 
been credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and (i) an Issuer Event of 
Default has occurred or (ii) the Issuer's short term rating 
assigned by Moody's has been restored to at least P-1; and 
(xi) on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds 
have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered 
Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account. 
"Reserve Fund" means any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account up to the Required Reserve Amount.  
"Required Reserve Amount" means, if the Issuer's short term, 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
rated at least P-1 by Moody's and R-1 (High) by DBRS, nil or such 
other amount as the Issuer shall direct the Guarantor from time to time 
and otherwise, an amount which will be determined on each Payment 
Report Date and which will be equal to the aggregate amount of (a) 
one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iii) of 
the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; (b) any 
interest amounts due in the next three months to the Covered Bond

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
Swap Counterparties in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap 
or, if no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been 
entered into with BPER (formerly, Banca Carige) in relation to a 
Series of Covered Bonds, the interests amounts due in relation to that 
Series of Covered Bonds in the next three months and (c) Euro 
400,000.00. 
Principal Available Funds 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the "Principal Available Funds" 
shall include, without duplication: 
(i) 
all principal amounts (other than any amounts necessary to meet 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) collected by the Servicer 
in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to Transaction Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date together with any amount retained in the 
Transaction Account from the Principal Available Funds on the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the 
Servicer and credited to the Transaction Account, during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(iii) all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date;  
(iv) all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any 
Swap Agreements (other than any Swap Collateral) provided 
that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, 
any such amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment 
Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor 
Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make payments 
in respect of principal due and payable under any Issuance 
Advances (provided that all principal amounts outstanding 
under a relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds which 
have fallen due for repayment on such Guarantor Payment Date 
have been repaid in full by the Issuer), or, as the case may be, 
(ii) together with any provision for such payment made on any 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in 
respect of principal on the Covered Bonds under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and provided 
further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after 
such Guarantor Payment Date but prior to the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date which are not used to make the 
payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as 
Principal Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date;  
(v) 
any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and not used to fund the payment of the purchase of 
any Eligible Assets and/or Integration Asset;  
(vi) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under 
other items of the Interest Available Funds or the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to 
the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period (including any amounts paid out of item (x) 
of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments);

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
(vii) any amounts of interest collected on the Initial Receivables or 
the Subsequent Receivables which have been included in the 
calculation of the relevant Purchase Price as at the relevant 
Transfer Date; 
(viii) any amounts granted by the Liquidity Facility Provider under 
the Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(ix) without duplication with any of the other items of this definition, 
an amount equal to the principal amounts invested in Eligible 
Investments (if any) following liquidation thereof on the 
Liquidation Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; and 
(x) 
following a Notice to Pay all principal amounts standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant 
Calculation Date. 
"Collection Period" means each quarterly period of each year, 
commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of January, 
April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last 
calendar day of the March, June, September and December up to the 
total redemption of each Covered Bond. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the occurrence of 
any Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor will use the Available 
Funds, to make payments or to make provisions towards payments 
due before the following Guarantor Payment Date in the order of 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes, in order to preserve 
its corporate existence, to maintain it in good standing and to 
comply with applicable legislation; 
(ii) 
second, to pay, in the following order, any amount due and 
payable to: 
(A) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(B) pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the Cash Manager, the Calculation 
Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Collateral Account Bank, the 
Investment Agent, the Transaction Bank, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Cover Pool 
Manager (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Back-up Servicer (if 
any); 
(iii) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu: a) interest payments due 
to the Swap Counterparties (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and b) Interest due 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu: a) principal payments 
due to the Swap Counterparties (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount); and b) principal due 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) with an 
amount equal to the difference between (i) the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and (ii) the aggregate of the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account and the nominal 
value of Liquid Assets which have not matured on or prior to 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vi) 
sixth, after each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds has been 
fully repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount has 
been accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds) to pay pro rata and pari passu, any 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount due and payable by the 
Guarantor; 
(vii) 
seventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or 
repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been provided for 
(such that the Required Redemption Amount has been 
accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds) to pay any amounts outstanding under the 
Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(viii) 
eighth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or 
repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been provided for 
(such that the Required Redemption Amount has been 
accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds) any remaining moneys will be applied in 
and towards repayment in full of amounts outstanding under 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any interest due and payable to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the terms of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement). 
(the "Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments"). 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the "Available Funds" shall 
include (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available 
Funds and (c) the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any 
enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with Article 7-
quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130 (the "Excess Proceeds") 
provided that the Available Funds do not include the Swap 
Collateral. 
Eligible Investments 
Any investment denominated in Euro that has a remaining maturity 
date falling, or which is redeemable at par together with accrued 
unpaid interest, no later than the earlier of (i) the maturity reported in 
the table below and (ii) the Liquidation Date immediately preceding 
the CB Payment Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds and 
that is an obligation of a company incorporated in, or a sovereign 
issuer of, a Qualifying Country, and is one or more of the following 
obligations or securities (including, without limitation, any 
obligations or securities for which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or an affiliate of any of them provides services) that has 
a remaining maturity date falling, or which is redeemable at par 
together with accrued unpaid interest, no later than the earlier of (i)

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
the maturity reported in the table below and (ii) the Liquidation Date 
immediately preceding the CB Payment Date of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds and that is an obligation of a company incorporated 
in, or a sovereign issuer of, a Qualifying Country (as defined below) 
and is one or more of the following obligations or securities 
(including, without limitation, any obligations or securities for which 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an affiliate of any 
of them provides services): 
(i) 
direct obligations of any agency or instrumentality of a 
sovereign of a Qualifying Country, the obligations of which 
agency or instrumentality are unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed in full by a Qualifying Country; 
(ii) 
demand deposits (held with an Eligible Institution) and time 
deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers' acceptances 
issued by any depositary institution or trust company (including, 
without limitation, the Transaction Bank and the Italian Account 
Bank provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
incorporated under the laws of a Qualifying Country and subject 
to supervision and examination by governmental banking 
authorities, provided that such investments shall have (a) with 
respect to the rating issued by Moody’s, a minimum rating equal 
to the ones reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s 
less than 365 calendar 
days 
P-1 
less than 30 calendar 
days 
P-1 
 
and, (b) with respect to the rating issued by DBRS, a minimum rating 
equal to the Minimum DBRS Rating; 
(iii) 
any security rated at least (A) "P-1" by Moody's, if the relevant 
maturity is up to 30 calendar days, (B) "P-1" by Moody's, if the 
relevant maturity is up to 365 calendar days (C) "Aaa" by 
Moody's, if the relevant maturity is greater than 365 days, and 
(D) rated by DBRS according to the DBRS A Table below if the 
relevant maturity is up to 30 calendar days, or DBRS B Table 
below if the relevant maturity is greater than 30 calendar days, 
provided that, in all cases, the maximum aggregate total 
exposures in general to classes of assets with certain ratings by 
the Ratings Agencies may be limited; 
DBRS A Table 
DBRS 
A 
Table: 
Eligible 
Investments 
with a maturity up to 
30 days: CB Rating 
Eligible 
Investment 
Rating 
AAA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (high) 
A or R-1(middle)

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
AA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (low) 
A or R-1(middle) 
A (high) 
BBB (high) or R-2 
(high) 
A 
BBB or R-2 (middle) 
A (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (high) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BB (high) 
BB (high) or R-3 
BB 
BB or R-4 
BB (low) 
BB (low) or R-4 
DBRS B Table 
Maximum 
maturity 
CB rated 
at 
least 
AA (low) 
CB rated 
between 
A (high) 
and 
A 
(low) 
CB rated 
BBB 
(high) 
and 
below 
90 days 
AA (low) 
or 
R-1 
(middle) 
A (low) or 
R-1 (low) 
BBB 
(low) 
or 
R-2 
(middle) 
180 days 
AA or R-
1 (high) 
A or R-1 
(low) 
BBB 
or 
R-2 (high) 
365 days 
AAA 
or 
R-1 (high) 
A (high) 
or 
R-1 
(middle) 
BBB 
or 
R-2 (high) 
(iv) 
any Eligible Asset and/or public entity securities, provided that, 
in all cases, such investments shall from time to time comply 
with Rating Agencies' criteria;  
(v) 
subject to the rating of the Covered Bonds not being affected, 
unleveraged repurchase obligations with respect to: (1) 
commercial paper or other short-term obligations having, at the 
time of such investment, a credit rating of at least "AA-",  "Aa3" 
and "P-1" by Moody’s and a maturity of not more than 180 days 
from their date of issuance and, with respect to DBRS, a credit 
rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A Table and 
DBRS B Table above; (2) off-shore money market funds rated, 
at all times, "Aaa/MR1+" by Moody’s and, with respect to 
DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the 
DBRS A Table and DBRS B Table above; and (3) any other

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
investment similar to those described in paragraphs (1) and (2) 
above: (a) provided that any such other investment will not 
affect the rating of the Covered Bonds; and (b) which has the 
same rating as the investment described in paragraphs (1) and 
(2) above, provided that, (x) in any event, none of the 
investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, 
actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims 
resulting from the transfer of credit risk by means of credit 
derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in 
the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such 
instruments at any time and (y) title to the securities underlying 
such repurchase transactions (in the period between the 
execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their 
respective maturity) effectively passes (as confirmed by a non 
qualified legal opinion by a primary standing law firm) to the 
Issuer and the obligations of the counterparty to such repurchase 
transactions are not related to the performance of the underlying 
securities, 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above 
may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-
linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk 
by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in 
any such instruments at any time and (ii) no amount available to the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme may be otherwise invested 
in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, 
or ranking at any time and (iii) and the relevant exposure qualifies for 
the “credit quality step 1” or “credit quality step 2” pursuant to article 
129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in 
the European Union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-
hundred) days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 3” pursuant to 
Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, following a Guarantor Event of 
Default and service of an Acceleration Notice, the Available Funds 
will be used to make payments in the order of priority set out below 
(in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes; 
(ii) 
second, to pay in the following order, any amount due and 
payable to: 
(A) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(B) 
pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Collateral Account Bank, the 
Transaction Bank, the Investment Agent, the Calculation 
Agents, the Corporate Servicer, the Paying Agents, the 
Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), the 
Registrar (if any), the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the 
Back-up Servicer (if any); 
(iii) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu: a) principal and interests 
due to the Swap Counterparties (including any termination 
payment due and payable by the Guarantor but excluding any

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount) and b) principal and 
interests due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount due and payable by the Guarantor;  
(v) 
fifth, to pay any amounts outstanding under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreement; 
(vi) 
to pay any remaining moneys towards repayment of amounts 
outstanding under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest due and 
payable to the Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the 
terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement). 
(the "Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments" and, 
together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, are 
collectively referred to as the "Priorities of Payments"). 
5. 
CREATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF THE COVER POOL 
Transfer of the Receivables 
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between the 
Seller and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as subsequently 
amended (the "Master Transfer Agreement") (a) the Seller has 
transferred the Initial Receivables and (b) the Seller may assign and 
transfer further portfolios of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets, in the cases and subject to the limits on the transfer 
indicated below (the "Subsequent Receivables").  
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Receivables, as the case 
may be, in order to:  
 
(a) 
collateralise and allow the issue of further series or tranches of 
Covered Bonds by the Issuer (the "Issuance Assignment");  
 
(b) 
invest (in whole or in part) the principal amounts collected by 
the Servicer and/or Principal Available Funds deriving from 
the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets, provided that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred (the "Revolving Assignment"); 
or  
 
(c) 
ensure compliance with the Tests,  the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount and the Exposure Limit in accordance with the Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
(the 
"Integration 
Assignment").  
 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, and subject to the 
conditions provided therein, the Seller shall be allowed to 
repurchase Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets which have been assigned to the Guarantor.  
 
The Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets 
will be assigned and transferred to the Guarantor without recourse 
(pro soluto) in accordance with the OBG Regulations and subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Master Transfer Agreement.  
Representations and Warranties of the Seller 
Under a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into between the 
Seller and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as subsequently 
amended (the "Warranty and Indemnity Agreement"), the Seller

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
has made certain representations and warranties regarding itself and 
the Receivables including, inter alia: 
(i) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
(ii) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of 
the obligations assumed by it; 
(iii) 
the existence of the Receivables, the absence of any lien 
attaching the Receivables; subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, the full, 
unconditional, legal title of the Seller to the Receivables; 
(iv) 
the validity and enforceability, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, against 
the relevant Debtors of the obligations from which the 
Receivables arise. 
For the purpose hereof: 
"Debtors" means any person, entity or subject, also different from 
the beneficiary, who is liable for the payment of amounts due, as 
principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable. 
General Criteria 
Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans: 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans forming 
part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following criteria 
(the "Mortgage Loans General Criteria"):  
1. which are, at the relevant Transfer Date, mortgage loans, in 
respect of which the relevant amount outstanding, added to the 
principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage 
loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 80 per cent. 
for the residential mortgage loans or 60 per cent. for the 
commercial mortgage loans, as the case may be, of the value of 
the property, in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1, lett. 
(d) and (f) of CRR; 
2. which did not provide at the time of disbursement for any 
subsidy or other benefit in relation to principal or interest (mutui 
agevolati);  
3. which have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), 
clerical entities (enti ecclesiastici) or public consortium 
(consorzi pubblici);  
4. which are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
5. which are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 
45 of the Banking Law;  
6. which are secured by a mortgage created over real estate assets 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and located 
in the Republic of Italy; 
7. which are originated by (i) Banca Carige (successively, BPER) 
or other banks belonging to the Banca Carige Group 
(successively, BPER Group) or (ii) other banks which are not 
part of the Banca Carige Group (successively, BPER Group) 
which Mortgage Loans have been acquired by Banca Carige 
(successively, BPER) either directly or through the purchase of 
the relevant branches;

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
8. the payment of which is secured by a legal first ranking priority 
voluntary mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado giuridico), such 
term meaning (i) a legal first ranking priority voluntary 
mortgage or (ii) (A) a second or subsequent ranking priority 
mortgage in respect of which the lender secured by the first 
ranking priority mortgage is BPER and with respect to which 
the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such 
second or subsequent mortgage have been fully satisfied and the 
relevant lender has formally consented to the cancellation of the 
mortgage(s) ranking prior to such subsequent mortgage;  
9. in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di 
consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has 
expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being 
challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or 
article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code and, if applicable, of 
Art.39, fourth paragraph of the Banking Law;  
10. which are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no 
obligation or possibility to make additional disbursements;  
11. for which at least an instalment inclusive of principal has been 
paid before the transfer (i.e. loans that are not in the pre-
amortising phase);  
12. which derive from mortgage loan agreements under which the 
instalments are either paid by debiting bank accounts held with 
Banca Carige (successively, BPER) or a branch of Banca Carige 
(successively, BPER) or by SDD;  
13. as at the Evaluation Date, have no more than one instalment that 
is past due and unpaid, or, in case of Mortgage whose instalment 
payment is due bi-monthly, quarterly, four-monthly or six-
monthly, no instalment that is past due and unpaid for more than 
30 days; 
14. which are governed by Italian law;  
15. which have not been granted to individuals that as of the 
origination date were employees of a bank of the Banca Carige 
Group (successively, BPER Group);  
16. which are denominated in Euro (or disbursed in a different 
currency and then re-denominated in Euro);  
17. in respect of which none of the relevant borrowers or obligors 
has been served by Banca Carige (successively, BPER) with a 
writ of enforcement (precetto) or an injunction order (decreto 
ingiuntivo) or entered into an out-of-court settlement following 
a non payment; 
18. which are identified by a SAE code lower than 700; 
19. which are not fractioned loans as at the relevant Transfer Date 
(unless such loans have been subject to assumption of debt 
("accollo")). 
Public Entity Securities 
Each of the Public Entity Securities forming part of the Cover Pool 
shall comply with all of the following criteria (the “Public Entity 
Securities General Criteria”):

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
1. Pursuant to the OBG Regulations, any exposure having the 
requirements under article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of 
the CRR and article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
"Specific Criteria" means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables to be included in the portfolios to which such criteria 
are applied, set forth in Schedule 1 – Part 3 to the Master Transfer 
Agreement for the Initial Receivables and in the relevant Offer for 
Subsequent Receivables. 
"General Criteria" means the Mortgage Loans General Criteria 
and/or the Public Entity Securities General Criteria.  
"Criteria" means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria. 
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests  
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the provisions of Law 130 , for so long as the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) shall 
procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG 
Regulations, such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if 
the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant 
tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be) and until the Programme Termination Date that: 
Nominal Value Test 
(i) 
the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible 
Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage Loan in respect of 
which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set 
forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) or (f), as the 
case may be, of the CRR will be considered up to an amount 
of principal which, taking into account the Latest Valuation 
relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such 
percentage limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor 
plus the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up to 
the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period 
which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments shall be at least equal to, or higher than, 
the aggregate principal notional amount of all Series of 
Covered Bonds at the same time outstanding, provided that 
the Minimum OC Requirement shall at all time be met (the 
"Nominal Value Test") provided that, prior to the service 
of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test will always be 
deemed to be met at any relevant date to the extent that the 
Asset Coverage Test is met as of the relevant Calculation 
Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests are 
required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, such 
test will be deemed to be met to the extent that the 
Amortisation Test is met; 
Net Present Value Test 
(ii) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at 
least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present Value of the 
Outstanding Covered Bonds (the "NPV Test");

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
Interest Coverage Test 
(iii) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall 
be at least equal to, or higher than, the interest payments 
scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds (the "Interest Coverage Test"), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the "Mandatory Tests" and, 
together with the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test 
described below, collectively, the "Tests"). 
The Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed 
in full in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor 
as a consequence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) has undertaken to procure 
that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
on any other date on which verification of the Asset Coverage Test 
is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. For 
a more detailed description, see section "Credit Structure". 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, Issuer (also 
in its capacity as Seller) will ensure that following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default, and the service of a Notice to Pay (but 
prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default), on each Calculation 
Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount (as defined in the section "Credit 
Structure – Tests") shall be equal to or higher than the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the "Amortisation 
Test"). 
For a more detailed description, see section "Credit Structure – 
Tests" below. 
Compliance with the Tests will be verified by the Calculation Agent 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date  and/or 
on any other date on which the verification of the Tests is required 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents. The calculations performed 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests will be tested from 
time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions 
of the Asset Monitor Agreement and the Engagement Letter, as the 
case may be. For a detailed description see section "Credit Structure 
– Tests". 
Curing a Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or Asset 
Coverage Test: 
 
(a) prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available Funds

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
to purchase Subsequent Receivables (other than Eligible 
Deposits) in order to cure the relevant Test; or 
(b) the Seller shall sell, as soon as possible upon receipt of the 
relevant Test Performance Report, sufficient Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor, which shall purchase such 
assets, in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, and, 
to this extent, the Seller shall grant the funds necessary for 
payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided 
that none of the events indicated in Clause 7 (Cause di estinzione 
dell'Obbligo di Acquisto), paragraphs (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and 
(i) of the Master Transfer Agreement (the "Relevant Events") 
has occurred, 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Mandatory Tests 
and/or the Asset Coverage Test are met as soon as practicable and in 
any event by the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date. 
If the relevant breach is not remedied prior to the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will deliver a notice to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (a "Breach of Test Notice"). 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, if a Breach of 
Test Notice has been served and not revoked: 
(a) no further series or tranche of Covered Bonds will be issued;  
(b) no payments under the Subordinated Loan will be effected on the 
basis of the relevant Priority of Payments unless the relevant 
breach is remedied; and  
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets to be acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid only 
using the proceeds of an Integration Advance under the 
Subordination Loan Agreement, except where the breach referred to 
in the Breach of Test Notice may be cured by using the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds. 
If the Breach of Test Notice is not revoked by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, then an Issuer Event of Default 
will occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
serve a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor. 
A breach of the Amortisation Test constitutes a Guarantor Event of 
Default unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an 
Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. In case on 
conflict between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Extraordinary Resolution passed in a Meeting, the latter will 
prevail. 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and 
the BoI Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other 
day on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
is to be met that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of 
the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days (the 
"Liquidity Buffer Target Amount").  
For a more detailed description, see the section "Credit structure" 
below. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as 
the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Calculation Agent shall 
verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Programme Documents – that the Exposure Limit 
has been correctly calculated on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the calculation of 
the Exposure Limit is to be calculated pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be. 
For the purpose hereof, "Exposure Limit" means the limits provided 
under article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), lett. (a), (b), (c) and (d) of 
CRR, provided that pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of 
CRR, such limits shall not apply to "cessioni di ripristino" pursuant to 
the Master Transfer Agreements for purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test. 
For a more detailed description, see the section "Credit structure" 
below. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as 
any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding (i) prior to 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent will verify the 
Minimum OC Requirement as part of the Nominal Value Test on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each 
other day on which the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents and (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of an Acceleration 
Notice), the Calculation Agent shall verify (in addition to the 
Amortisation Test being met) that the Minimum OC Requirement is 
met on each on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the Minimum OC 
Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be. 
For the purpose hereof, "Minimum OC Requirement" means 5% 
minimum level of overcollateralization as per article 129 of the CRR 
and in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
For a more detailed description, see the section "Credit structure" 
below. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures set 
out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about 
11 August 2023, as amended from time to time (the " Asset Monitor 
Engagement Letter"). The Asset Monitor will also perform the 
other activities provided under the Asset Monitor Agreement entered 
into on 11 August 2023, as subsequently amended.

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a 
Breach of Test Notice or the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default 
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice, but prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor may sell 
Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the Master Transfer Agreement, 
subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Seller to buy 
such Receivables pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. The 
proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of 
Payments. 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence 
of a Guarantor Event of Default), the Guarantor shall direct the 
Servicer to sell Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject to the pre-emption 
right of the Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement. The 
proceeds from any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of 
Payments. 
6. 
THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Master Transfer Agreement 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement entered into on 14 
November 2008, as subsequently amended, the Seller  assigned and 
transferred, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor the Initial 
Receivables, in accordance with Law 130. Pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement, the Seller and the Guarantor agreed that the 
Seller may assign and transfer Subsequent Receivables to the 
Guarantor from time to time in the cases and subject to the limits set 
out in the Master Transfer Agreement (see sections "The Cover Pool" 
and "Description of the Transaction Documents –Master Transfer 
Agreement"). 
Warranty and Indemnity  
Agreement 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Seller and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as 
subsequently 
amended 
(the 
"Warranty 
and 
Indemnity 
Agreement"), each of the Seller has given certain representations 
and warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, 
itself and the Receivables and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor 
in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be incurred, 
inter alia, in connection with the purchase and ownership of the 
Receivables (see section "Description of the Transaction Documents 
–Warranty and Indemnity Agreement"). 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Pursuant to a subordinated loan agreement entered into between the 
Seller and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as subsequently 
amended (the "Subordinated Loan Agreement") the Seller granted 
to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the "Subordinated Loan") 
with a maximum amount equal to the commitment limit as specified 
in the Subordinated Loan Agreement, save for the further increase 
that may be determined unilaterally by the Subordinated Loan 
Provider through a written notice to the Guarantor (, the 
"Commitment Limit"). Under the provisions of such agreement, the 
Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in amounts equal to the 
relevant price of the Receivables transferred from time to time to the 
Guarantor, including the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Asset transferred in order to prevent a breach of the 
Tests. Each advance granted pursuant to the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement shall be identified in (i) a term loan advanced to fund the 
purchase price of Receivables to be sold in the framework of an

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
Issuance Assignment (the "Issuance Advance"); (ii) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the framework of 
an Integration Assignment (the "Integration Advance"); (iii) a term 
loan advanced for the purpose of paying any amount required to be 
paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of 
Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent Receivables in accordance 
with the Master Transfer Agreement (the "Price Adjustment 
Advance"); and (iv) financing the creation and/or the maintenance 
of a cash reserve composed by Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (also in the form of bank deposit), or the purchase of other 
Liquid Assets, in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
(the "Eligible Deposits or Liquid Assets Advance"). 
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the 
Subordinated Loan Interest. 
“Subordinated Loan Interest” means: 
(a) prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and, in the 
event that such Issuer Event of Default is no longer in place, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic calculation 
of: 
(i) the amount of Interest Available Funds; minus 
(ii) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (xi) of 
the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment; or 
(b) following the service of an Issuer Event of Default and for so 
long as such Issuer Event of Default is in place, but prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to 
the higher of zero and the algebraic calculation of: 
(i) the amount of Available Funds; minus 
(ii) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vii) of 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments; or 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default an amount 
equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic calculation of: 
(i) the amount of Available Funds; minus 
(ii) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of 
the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches 
the latest maturity date of the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the 
Available Funds and in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
 (See section "Description of the Transaction Documents – 
Subordinated Loan".) 
Servicing Agreement and Collection Policies 
Pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement entered into between 
the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Guarantor, 
dated 14 November 2008, as subsequently amended (the "Servicing 
Agreement"). The Servicer has agreed to administer and service the 
Receivables assigned  on behalf of the Guarantor. Under the 
Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain 
servicing duties in connection with the Receivables assigned, and, in 
general, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for the 
management of the Receivables assigned and for cash and payment 
services in accordance with the requirements of the Law 130. In

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
addition, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for verifying the 
compliance of the transactions with the laws and the Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 3(c), and 6-bis of Law 130 and to 
provide certain monitoring activities in relation to the Receivables 
transferred from time to time by the Seller to the Guarantor. 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator has 
agreed to, inter alia, support the Guarantor in the process of 
appointment of the Back-up Servicer. 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports 
to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation 
Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing 
information as to all the amounts collected from time to time by the 
Servicer in respect of the Receivables, as principal, interest and/or 
expenses and any payment of damages (the "Collections"), as a 
result of the activity of the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement during the preceding Collection Period. (see sections 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement" 
and "Description of the Cover Pool– Collection and Recovery 
Procedures"). 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds pursuant to an agreement 
entered into on 1 December 2008, as subsequently amended (the 
"Covered Bond Guarantee") and in accordance with the provisions 
of Law 130 (see "Description of the Transaction Documents – 
Covered Bond Guarantee"). 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on 19 
January 2023, as subsequently amended (the "Corporate Services 
Agreement"), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the 
Guarantor with a number of administrative services, including the 
keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and tax 
registers (see "Description of the Transaction Documents – 
Corporate Services Agreement"). 
Facility Liquidity Agreement 
Pursuant to a facility liquidity agreement entered into on 19 October 
2011, as subsequently amended, between the Liquidity Facility 
Provider and the Guarantor (the "Facility Liquidity Agreement"), 
the Liquidity Facility Provider granted to the Guarantor a liquidity 
facility upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out therein 
(see "Description of the Transaction Documents – Facility Liquidity 
Agreement"). 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement dated 1 December 
2008, as subsequently amended, entered into among, inter alios, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its 
own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) and the other Secured Creditors (as defined below), 
(the "Intercreditor Agreement"), the parties agreed that all the 
Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards 
satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations towards the 
Covered Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Secured Creditors" means, collectively, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative 
of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Liquidity Facility 
Provider, the Seller, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, 
the Back-up Servicer Facilitator, the Back-up Servicer (if any), the

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
Corporate Servicer, the Italian Account Bank, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Collateral Account Bank (if 
any), the Transaction Bank, the Investment Agent, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, 
the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent and the Registrar. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will, subject to a Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in 
or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations 
towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the other Secured 
Creditors, in accordance with the Post Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered 
Bondholders and each of the other Secured Creditors will be limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Secured Creditors will 
have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available 
Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (see "Description 
of the Transaction Documents – Intercreditor Agreement"). 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement  
In accordance with a cash management and agency agreement dated 
1 December 2008, as subsequently amended, entered into among, 
inter alios, the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks, the 
Investment Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying 
Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the "Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement"), the Account Banks, the 
Investment Agent, the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Italian Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent and the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent agreed to provide the Guarantor with 
certain calculation, notification and reporting services together with 
account handling and cash management services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts (see 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement"). 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
In accordance with an asset monitor agreement dated 11 August 
2023, as subsequently amended, entered into among, inter alios, the 
Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of Covered Bondholders, (the "Asset Monitor 
Agreement"), the Asset Monitor will conduct independent tests in 
respect of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent for 
the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit 
and the Minimum OC Requirement, as applicable, in each case 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, with a view 
to confirming whether such calculations are accurate (see 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor 
Agreement"). 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
By a Cover Pool administration agreement dated 1 December 2008, 
as subsequently amended, entered into among, inter alia, the 
Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, and the Asset Monitor (the 
"Cover Pool Administration Agreement"), the Issuer (also in its 
capacity as Seller) has undertaken certain obligations for the 
replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the Tests 
or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or miscalculation of the

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
Exposure Limit or of a breach of the Minimum OC Requirement. 
(see "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement"). 
Quotaholders Agreement 
The quotaholders' agreement entered into on 11 April 2008 (as 
subsequently amended), among the Guarantor, Banca Carige 
(successively, BPER), Stichting Otello (the "Quotaholders' 
Agreement"), contains provisions and undertakings in relation to the 
management of the Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the 
Quotaholders' Agreement, Stichting Otello has granted a call option 
in favour of BPER to purchase from Stichting Otello, and BPER has 
granted a put option in favour of Stichting Otello to sell to BPER, 
the quota of the Issuer quota capital held by Stichting Otello (see 
"Description of the Transaction Documents – Quotaholders' 
Agreement"). 
Italian Deed of Pledge 
By an Italian deed of pledge executed by the Guarantor on 1 
December 2008 (the "Italian Deed of Pledge"), as subsequently 
amended, the Guarantor pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors all the monetary claims 
and rights and all the amounts payable from time to time (including 
payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and 
guarantees) to which the Guarantor is entitled pursuant to, or in 
relation to, the Transaction Documents (other than the Italian Deed 
of Pledge, the Swap Agreements, the Transaction Accounts Deed of 
Pledge and the Deeds of Charge), including the monetary claims and 
rights relating to the amounts standing to the credit of the Quota 
Capital Account and the Expense Account (the "Italian Accounts") 
and any other account established by the Guarantor with the Italian 
Account Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents, but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the Receivables. 
(See "Description of the Transaction Documents – Italian Deed of 
Pledge".) 
Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge 
By an Italian deed of pledge executed by the Guarantor on 10 April 
2024, as subsequently amended (the "Transaction Accounts Deed of 
Pledge"), the Guarantor pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors all the monetary claims 
and rights and all the amounts payable from time to time (including 
payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and 
guarantee) to which the Guarantor is entitled pursuant or in relation to 
the Transaction Documents (other than the Swap Agreements, the 
Italian Deed of Pledge, the Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge and 
the Deeds of Charge), including the monetary claims and rights 
relating to the amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Accounts and any other account established by the Guarantor with the 
Transaction Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the Receivables. 
(See "Description of the Transaction Documents – Transaction 
Accounts Deed of Pledge".) 
Deed of Charge 
By a deed of charge executed by the Guarantor on 1 December 2008 
(the "Deed of Charge"), the Guarantor assigned by way of security 
to (or to the extent not assignable charge by way of fixed charge) in 
favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in 
its capacity as security trustee for itself and as trustee for the Covered 
Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, in such capacities, the 
"Security Trustee"), all of its rights in respect of the Swap 
Agreements (see "Description of the Transaction Documents – Deed 
of Charge").

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
Programme Agreement 
By a programme agreement entered into among the Issuer (also in its 
capacity as Seller), the Representative of Covered Bondholders and 
the Dealers, dated 1 December 2008, as subsequently amended (the 
"Programme Agreement"), the Dealers have been appointed as 
such. The Programme Agreement contains, inter alia, provisions for 
the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and 
for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or 
Tranche (see "Description of the Transaction Documents – 
Programme Agreement"). 
Subscription Agreement 
By a subscription agreement to be entered into on or about the 
relevant Issue Date among the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties 
to such subscription agreement (the "Relevant Dealers"), the 
Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of 
Covered Bonds and pay the Issue Price subject to the conditions set 
out therein (the "Subscription Agreement") (see "Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Subscription Agreement"). 
Covered Bond Swap 
In order to hedge certain interest rate risks or currency risks, if any, 
in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Cover 
Pool and the Swaps and certain amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Subordinated Loan and the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor will enter 
into one or more Covered Bond Swaps with the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty on each Issue Date subject to a 1992 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency - Cross Border), including Schedule and 
Credit Support Annex. 
Asset Swap 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks and, if any, currency risks in 
respect of the amounts received by the Guarantor under the Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, the Guarantor 
may, from time to time, enter into one or more Asset Swaps with the 
relevant Asset Swap Counterparty (the Asset Swap, and the "Cover 
Pool Swap"). 
Mandate Agreement 
By a mandate agreement to be entered into on 1 December 2008, as 
subsequently amended, the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable 
mandate to the Representative of Covered Bondholders for the 
exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain circumstances 
indicated in the Mandate Agreement. 
Provisions of Transaction Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by, and are deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each 
Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its 
representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each of the 
Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory thereto.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Certain risks which are deemed not to be material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Guarantor's control. The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified in this Base 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under 
the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the markets risks associated 
with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuer nor the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. While the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for 
holders of Covered Bonds, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the 
holders of Covered Bonds of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section, unless stated otherwise. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this section on the risk factors before making any investment decision, in order 
to understand the risks related to BPER and the BPER Group and obtain a better appreciation of the BPER Group's abilities to 
satisfy the obligations related to the Covered Bonds issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the 
following risk factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its obligations arising from the Covered Bonds. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
A. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position;  
B. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
C. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
D. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer; 
E. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the deregulation of the 
banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation and a blurring of the distinction 
between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the difference between borrowing and lending rates 
and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an 
intermediary bank, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, notably in its profitability.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans and in attracting 
deposits. Competition in originating loans emerges principally from other domestic and foreign banks, mortgage banking 
companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and purchasers of loans. 
The banking industry is moving towards consolidation, creating larger and stronger banks with which the Issuer must compete. 
The BPER Group cannot assure that this increased competition will not adversely affect its growth prospects, and consequently, 
its operations. Furthermore, the Group also faces competition from non-bank competitors that provide banking services, which 
activity is not as regulated and subject to the scrutiny under existing banking laws and regulations. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price competition and 
lower transaction volumes. 
If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors’ products and service offerings and retaining and strengthening customer 
relationships it may lose existing and/or potential business, lose its current market share or incur losses in some or all of its 
activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Interest rate fluctuation risk 
Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of unexpected changes in market rates on current profits and the equity value of 
the Group. Interest rate risk can materialize itself into (i) income risk; and/or (ii) investment risk. Income risk derives from the 
possibility that an unexpected change in interest rates may reduce net interest income, being the difference between interest 
received and interest paid. Investment risk derives from the possibility that adverse changes in the value of assets, liabilities and 
off-balance sheet instruments held by the Bank, following changes in interest rates, may destabilise the equilibrium of the balance 
sheet. 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of the BPER Group. The results of the Group’s banking 
operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market interest rates. Interest 
rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch 
of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, 
may have a material effect on the BPER Group’s business activity, financial performance and condition, asset value and/or 
results of operations.  
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and deposit spreads. Rising interest rates 
in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group’s cost of funding at a higher rate than the yield on its assets, due, for 
example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in 
the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates 
can also reduce the yield on the BPER Group’s assets at a rate which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
It should be noted, in particular, that, starting from the beginning of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due mainly to the 
effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which helped fuel strong inflationary pressures, particularly on energy and food goods. 
Against this backdrop, central banks have initiated a return to less accommodative monetary policies by accelerating interest 
rate hikes and for most of the years 2022 or 2023, have continued to focus on tackling inflation. The Federal Reserve has been 
among the most proactive institutions, bringing the cost of borrowing from the 0%/0.25% range set out in March 2022 to the 
highest level 5.25%/5.50% set out in July 2023. In the same way, the central European institution, in light of the energy crisis 
which has gradually threatened the European economy, initially maintained a more prudent attitude, but then starting from July 
2022 by introducing a cycle of monetary restriction which brought the rate on borrowing (“MRO”) from 0% in July 2022 to 
4.5% in September 2023, and contemplated the launch, from March 2023, of the balance sheet reduction programme, albeit at a 
measured and predictable pace.  
Moreover, starting from October 2023, the economic growth has also be impacted by the effects of the Israel-Palestine conflict. 
Despite the increased uncertainty from evolving geo-political tensions, risks of slowing growth in most key sectors of the global 
economy have continued to subside. 
In such a context, the European Central Bank, based on the fundamental indicators, wage growth and inflation trend, cuts the 
rates to 4.25%, in June 2024, while stressing that there is no predetermined path.  
As per the context outlined above, interest rate trends and fluctuations depend on different factors - such as monetary and 
macroeconomic policies, general trends in the national and international economy and the political conditions of Europe and 
Italy - that are beyond the Issuer's control.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
Business concentration risk 
Geographically, the Issuer’s key market is the Italian region of Emilia Romagna, where the Issuer has historically operated and 
where the majority of its branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties are inherent in 
a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties (as 
mentioned above), particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or a general deterioration in either the Italian or 
global economic condition, or arising from systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of 
the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. 
Risks connected to a potential credit rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), (ii) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch"), (iii) S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and (iv) DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") which are established in the European Union 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") as set 
out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which BPER is able to obtain funding. Any downgrade of the Issuer's credit 
rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs, may require the Issuer to post additional 
collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts, and could limit the Issuer's access to capital 
markets and adversely affect its commercial business. In addition, a downgrade of the Issuer's rating may limit the Issuer's 
opportunities to expand its mortgage loans portfolio and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer's image as a 
participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and/or the results of its operations and, therefore, on the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds where 
applicable. 
There is no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. The future evolution of the Issuer's 
ratings is deeply connected to, among others, the macroeconomic status quo and the rating of the Italian Government debt, the 
asset quality, profitability, and capital of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the financial markets in general as 
well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular. During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products 
and a greater number of the BPER Group's customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also 
have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings in the Eurozone 
and in the other markets in which the BPER Group operates influence its performance. 
Since the first half of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due mainly to the effects of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
The Russian invasion has indeed provoked the reaction of the other countries, which have launched heavy sanctions against 
Russia. These measures have generated uncertainty about what the effects on world economies might be, particularly for Europe, 
which, by geographic proximity and trade relations, is the macro area most vulnerable to the impacts of the crisis. As a result, 
the United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries and multinational organizations have announced and 
implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, such as the designation of a number of persons and entities, including 
major Russian banks, in "blocked person" lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the 
transfer of money between banks, a prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain 
companies or banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain Russian 
counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods and technologies. In response to the 
foregoing sanctions, Russia replied with countersanctions on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include countries 
of the European Union). Countersanctions imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply volumes or even a suspension of 
gas and oil deliveries. Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take further legal action, which could affect 
European businesses (with their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a Russian perspective). 
Moreover, mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and, more recently, the Russia-Ukraine conflict have contributed to a rise in global inflation. To counter inflation, Central Banks

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
raised interest rates during 2022 and 2023. In the U.S., the Federal Reserve System terminated its large-scale asset purchases, 
popularly known as "quantitative easing", and announced a plan to reduce its bond holdings. In addition, the Federal Reserve 
System has implemented benchmark interest rate increases and has announced further increases to counteract inflationary 
pressures also the European Central Bank has implemented interest rate increases and discontinued its asset purchases. All of 
these factors may adversely affect the Issuer. Uncertainty surrounding the pace of future interest rate increases by major central 
banks has already resulted in significant volatility in financial markets around the world and such volatility may continue for a 
prolonged period of time. Any increase in inflation rates and/or interest rates or a potential recession or other periods of declining 
economic conditions, could adversely affect Issuer's business, results of operations and financial condition and have a negative 
effect on the securities markets generally.  
Therefore, the economic outlook is still conditioned by a high degree of uncertainty that depends on the evolution and duration 
of the conflict, however, there are conditions for the economic expansion to proceed, thanks to the reopening of the economy in 
place, the solidity of the labor market, the support of fiscal policies and the savings accumulated during the pandemic. 
In addition to the above, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade policies; (ii) other 
global geopolitical tensions (including the trade disputes between the United States and China and the related protectionist 
initiatives that have been introduced); (iii) residual uncertainty about the withdrawal of the UK from the EU ("Brexit"); (iv) 
future developments of the European Central Bank's ("ECB") monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in 
the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; 
(v) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; and (vi) 
the volatile trend in the price of oil and gas. 
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the current economic, financial 
and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer operates, therefore, its business is particularly 
sensitive to investor perception of the country's reliability and solidity of its financial condition as well as prospects for its 
economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU member states. This, together 
with the risk that one or more EU member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to their membership of the EU or (ii) in 
the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A potential 
collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of the EU's economic and financial situation with a significant negative 
effect on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and 
significant changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. The materialization of these risks could have a significant 
adverse impact on global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets and a material and negative 
impact on BPER Group and/or on BPER Group's clients, with negative implications for BPER Group's business, results and 
financial position. 
Lingering market tensions might affect negatively the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro area. Moreover, the 
tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on households disposable income and 
on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group's business, results and financial position. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be able to make a 
significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any further deterioration of the Italian economy would have a 
material adverse effect on the BPER Group's business, in light of the BPER Group's significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis in the Euro area, 
the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further acceleration of the European sovereign 
debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the recoverability and quality of the sovereign debt securities held 
by the BPER Group as well as the financial resources of the BPER Group's clients holding similar securities. The occurrence of 
any of the above events may cause the BPER Group to suffer losses, increases in funding costs and a diminution in the value of 
its assets, with a potential adverse effect on the BPER Group liquidity, financial position and results of transactions including its 
ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding requirements. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. 
These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely manner.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect the 
BPER Group’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments in and sales of products linked 
to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group’s customers 
may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages 
and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other affected economies may create difficulties for the 
BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the BPER Group's loan portfolio and potentially increase the BPER 
Group's non performing loan levels. 
BPER Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or BPER Group to access the debt market, 
including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising compliance with prospective regulatory 
requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital and/or financial position of the Issuer and/or 
the Group.  
Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have significant effects on the time 
to sell, including but not limited to high-quality assets. Significant liquidity shortages, and the consequent need to liquidate high-
quality assets in large volumes, may change market conditions. In addition to this, the consequences of a possible decline of the 
price of the securities held could make it difficult to ensure that the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic 
terms. 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit strategies to be 
implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in recent years to assure the liquidity and 
stability of the financial system. In this case, the economic and financial position of the BPER Group might suffer further adverse 
consequences. 
Impact of events that are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of financial markets, interest 
rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the 
Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each 
of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer's investment 
and trading portfolios. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Issuer’s business activities 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial intermediary such as 
credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a series of other risks typical to such 
businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, ICT and security risk, tax and reputational exposure. 
The Issuer has defined and implemented a specific process for identifying and managing such risks, which is carried out at least 
annually and the results are reported in the group risk map. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in the broadest 
sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Issuer is exposed to normal 
lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, fraudulent behaviour of customers), have 
access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, their financial position, or their ability to pay amounts owed 
or repay amounts borrowed. Any failure by its customers to accurately report their financial and credit position or to comply 
with the terms of their agreements or other contractual provisions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and 
financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies and 
commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability to 
effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in market prices or interest rates. The

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and 
manages its own credit risk through portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market interest rates.  
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic manner. It is 
quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities incurred by the intermediary when 
required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. The activity of the Group may be negatively affected 
by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and retail markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, 
any adverse change to the ECB's lending policy or funding requirements, including changes to the criteria to identify the asset 
classes that can be accepted by the ECB as collateral for calculating the value of such assets could affect the Group's results of 
operations, business and financial condition. 
3. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer   
Evolving regulatory environment  
As a bank, BPER operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to BPER are subject to various 
and constant changes. 
The Issuer's business is subject to a wide range of regulations among which by Italian and European legislation relating to the 
financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB (the public 
authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European Central Bank and the European System of Central 
Banks. 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various forms. The 
laws and regulations applicable to the BPER Group govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to ensure 
financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and other entities in banking groups, and to limit their exposure to 
risk. In addition, BPER must also comply with laws and regulations regarding financial services, such as those governing the 
marketing distribution and sales of financial products and services. 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer's business activities, including (inter 
alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, the prevention of money 
laundering and data protection, while ensuring transparency and proper conduct in relations with customers and compliance with 
records keeping and reporting obligations. 
Regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and their enforcement that may 
not be to the Issuer’s benefit. In addition, the interpretation and the application by regulators of the laws and regulations to which 
the Group is subject may also change from time to time. A breach of any regulations by the Issuer could lead to intervention by 
supervisory authorities and the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and be involved in judicial or 
administrative proceedings. The Issuer may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may require additional 
expenditures, investments in systems and people and compliance with which may place additional burdens or restrictions on the 
Issuer. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory alterations encompassing higher prudential standards, in particular with respect to capital 
and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its Group and could limit the Group’s ability to 
distribute capital and liquidity. As a result, such alterations may have a significant impact on the Issuer by, among others, 
requiring the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which 
can negatively affect its interest margin. 
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPER Group. Investors should 
consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application of the above regulations as implemented by each 
Member State. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by authorities in European 
Union and Italy. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively 
frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups are mainly provided by implementation of measures

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and 
aim at preserving their stability and resilience and limiting their risk exposure. 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) and the European System of Central Banks. The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in 
which banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their 
exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. 
The regulatory framework governing international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, 
and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Issuer including 
proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, which will be 
impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). Following the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that 
BPER must comply with a consolidated level. However, there can be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed 
on the Issuer or the BPER Group from time to time may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, 
there can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further 
own funds requirements on the Issuer or the BPER Group.  
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council 
of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called “SRMR”), which may determine a significant impact on 
the economic and financial position of the Bank and the BPER Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds 
with financial resources that shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, “BRRD”, as amended by 
Directive 879/2019/EU, “BRRD II”), which, inter alia, introduced the so called “bail-in”, Regulation 2019/876/EU of the 
European Parliament and the Council, which amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. “CRR II”) and the Directive of the 
Parliament and the Council 2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. “CRD V”) must be taken into consideration 
and put in force by BPER Group. 
The BPER Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a wide range of actions 
that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail-
in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD towards the BPER Group could materially affect the value 
of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 granting specific 
tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the “SSM Regulation”) in order to establish a single 
supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has 
given the ECB, in conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over “banks of significant importance” in the Eurozone.  
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each national 
competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution significant to ensure the 
consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. BPER and the BPER Group have been classified, respectively, as 
a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
between the European Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the “SSM 
Framework Regulation”) and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions 
granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see the section headed “Regulatory Section” of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes related, for example, to 
the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the financial products and services provided, 
administrative irregularities, claw back actions and labour/employment lawsuits. Accordingly, the Issuer is party to a number of 
administrative, civil and tax proceedings as well as judicial and regulatory investigations relating to its activities as part of the 
ordinary course of business, the outcome of which cannot be predicted.

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
Although management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the respective financial statements 
are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings might cause such provisions to be insufficient to cover 
the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the BPER 
Group. 
4. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Operational risk  
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings, failures, violations, errors, interruptions, damages in internal 
processes, people or systems, including, but not limited to IT systems on which BPER is highly dependent to perform its business 
activities, and from external unforeseeable events, including, but not limited to the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, 
unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology, 
telecommunication systems, IT virus, cyber attacks or malfunction of electronic and/or communication services.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed responsibilities, which allows 
exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an annual review of the analysis performed to 
identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the 
status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the 
reference period. For the measure of the operational risk, the Group adopted the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). Any 
failure or weakness in these systems, could however adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business activities. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from an adverse 
perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or Supervisory Authorities with which 
the Group may be related. 
BPER implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage and mitigate 
reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and measures that need to be taken to mitigate 
any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the following components: identification and assessment of 
reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s exposure to reputational risk, management of particularly critical reputational events, 
by means of a functional escalation process and the determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and periodic 
reporting. 
Any failure to execute the Group’s reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely affect the 
Group’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by other institutions 
because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or 
other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts 
on a daily basis and therefore could adversely affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has started (in addition to this Programme) a first covered bond 
programme (the “First Covered Bond Programme”), structured on a soft bullet basis, on a residential mortgage cover pool and 
a second covered bond programme (the “Second Covered Bond Programme”), structured on a conditional pass-through basis, 
on a residential and commercial mortgage cover pool. Risks related to such financial structured instruments are connected to the 
capacity of BPER to maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the pools assigned as guarantees and the covered 
bonds issued under both the First and the Second Covered Bond Programmes. Should a combination of a sharp decrease of the 
residential or commercial mortgage loan production and an appreciable increase of the prepayment rate occur, such circumstance 
could affect BPER's capacity to ensure a suitable claim substitution according to either the First and the Second Covered Bond 
Programmes’ provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under either the First Covered Bond Programme or the Second Covered Bond 
Programme could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities. 
5. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events  
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic and political 
uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more 
specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted.   
Climate change risks 
Climate change can create (i) transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through policy, regulatory 
and technological changes; (ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and unpredictability; and (iii) derivative 
risks, which originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and may seek compensation from 
those they hold responsible. Any of these risks can result in financial losses that could impair asset values and the 
creditworthiness of BPER Group customers and BPER Group, adversely impacting BPER Group.  
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely affect BPER 
Group: 
• 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with business models not 
aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of reduced corporate earnings and business 
disruption due to new regulations or market shifts. 
• 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity prices, corporate 
bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency of severe weather events could affect 
macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, employment and inflation. 
• 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations both of customers and the 
Group’s.  
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and scrutiny from other 
stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
A. 
Risks relating to the Guarantor; 
B. 
Risks relating to the underlying. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Guarantor 
Guarantor is only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the guaranteed amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of:  
(a) 
a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default; and  
(b) 
an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Events of Default.  
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. An Acceleration Notice can only be served if a Guarantor 
Event of Default occurs.  
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (a) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and (b) no 
Acceleration Notice has been served) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay 
guaranteed amounts on the Due for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. In these circumstances, other than the Guaranteed Amounts, the Guarantor

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
will not be obliged to pay any amount, for example in respect of broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest 
or interest on interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay, 
but prior to the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations 
of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance 
will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Due 
for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount received, collected or 
recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds.  
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by Law 130 and contractual agreements under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents, and there is no case-law or other official interpretation on this issue. 
Therefore, it cannot be excluded that a court might uphold a Covered Bondholder's right to act directly against the Issuer.  
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee  
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, if the Guarantor is obliged under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a guaranteed amount and has 
insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay such amount on the Extension Determination Date, 
then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed amounts shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to pay in part the guaranteed amount in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant 
Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) on the relevant Maturity Date and any subsequent 
CB Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid 
guaranteed amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the Guarantor has failed to apply money in accordance with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by the Guarantor to pay 
the relevant guaranteed amount on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity 
Date (or the relevant later date in case of an applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, 
failure by the Guarantor to pay any guaranteed amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.  
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Extension 
of maturity) within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
No gross-up for taxes by the Guarantor 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their tax adviser about 
their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature, is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor  
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will be limited recourse to the 
Available Funds.  
The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on the realisable value of the 
Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the timing thereof, the proceeds of any Eligible 
Investments and amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks. The Guarantor will not have any other 
source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool, the proceeds of any Eligible Investment and the amounts 
received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the Secured 
Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There 
is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall.  
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been structured to ensure that 
the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the nominal amount of the outstanding 
Covered Bonds taking into account the relevant negative cost of carry. In addition Law 130 and the BoI Regulations provide for 
certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring, inter alia, that (a) the net present value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) 
shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues 
generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds.  
However, there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. For further details, see the section headed “Maintenance of the 
Cover Pool” below. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties  
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for the 
Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and any Successor Servicer may be) appointed to service 
the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor compliance with the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage 
Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations under 
the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof may be affected, or, 
pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Cover 
Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The Guarantor, if a Swap Agreement is executed 
on or after the Issue Date, may also be reliant on the Swap Counterparties to provide it with the funds matching its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Servicer 
and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in 
administering the Cover Pool would be found who would be willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the 
Servicing Agreement. The ability of a Successor Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other 
things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a 
Successor Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to 
make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if any Debtor fails to make any payments in a timely manner. Covered 
Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to monitor the 
performance by the Servicer of its obligations.  
Reliance on Swap Counterparties  
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor expects to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds and the Covered 
Bond Guarantee primarily from collections in respect of the Cover Pool. To provide a hedge against interest rate or currency 
risks in respect of amounts received under the Asset Swap (if any) and certain other amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Subordinated Loan and the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps with the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties, on or after the relevant Issue Date.  
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will (unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Swap Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated 
in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its 
payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap 
Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may be obliged to make payments 
to the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the 
Guarantor to a Swap Counterparty may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which 
would rank senior to amounts due on the Covered Bonds. If the Swap Counterparty is not obliged to make payments or if it 
defaults in its obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the 
Guarantor on the payment date under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the 
potential risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered 
Bond Guarantee.  
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment 
under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement 
swap agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to 
prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies. In addition, the swaps may provide 
that notwithstanding the swap counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and the failure by the swap counterparty 
to take the remedial action set out in the relevant swap agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the swap until a replacement 
swap counterparty has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap 
agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the requisite ratings.  
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment may rank pari 
passu with (or under certain circumstances ahead of) certain amounts due on the Covered Bonds and with amounts due under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
VAT Group 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”) has introduced new rules regarding the creation of a single 
entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential Decree no. 633 of 26 October 1972) 
(the “VAT Group Regime”), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 1 January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, the entity 
acting as VAT group representative is responsible for the exercise of the rights and obligations arising from the application of 
the VAT Group Regime provisions. All other entities included in the VAT group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT 
group representative vis-à-vis the Italian Tax Authority for the sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities 
of the Italian Tax Authority in respect of the VAT provisions.  
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter no. 19 whereby it has specified – with respect to asset 
management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - SGR) - that funds, as pools of segregated assets, would not be held 
directly responsible for the sums due as taxes, interest and penalties as a consequence of the liquidation and controlling activities 
of the Italian Tax Authority, except for the VAT payment obligations specifically related to their own assets. With ruling no. 
487 of 15 November 2019, the Italian Revenue Agency confirmed the same principle also in respect of Italian securitisation 
vehicles incorporated under Law 130. Considering the brief guidelines and the absence of case law, it is still not entirely clear to 
what extent such limitation would apply in practice. 
The Issuer has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) with effect from 
1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit renewal for each subsequent year unless revoked. Pending 
further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has undertaken to hold harmless and indemnify on 
demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties and other charges which the Guarantor 
may incur as a result of its participation in the VAT group to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, with the exception 
of those costs, expenses, interests, penalties, liabilities and other charges which are directly attributable to the Guarantor on its 
ordinary course of business and without prejudice to the obligations and rights of the Issuer as “rappresentante” of the VAT 
group in accordance with the 2017 Budget Law. 
2. 
Risks relating to the underlying 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because it is expected that 
the composition of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
(a) 
the Issuer selling further Receivables (or further Receivables which are of a type that have not previously been 
comprised in the Cover Pool) to the Guarantor;  
(b) 
the Issuer repurchasing certain Receivables in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement.  
(c) 
the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor certain power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the Receivables 
arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised within the Cover Pool.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
However, each Receivable will be required to meet the Criteria and to comply with the representations and warranties set out in 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, as the case may be – see “Description of the Transaction Documents – Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement”. In addition, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount are 
intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor's assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum 
level and the Calculation Agent will provide on each Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, certain information in 
relation to the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and updated on a quarterly basis 
pursuant to article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130 and the BoI Regulations.  
No due diligence on the Cover Pool  
None of the Joint Arrangers, any Dealer, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of the Receivables. Instead, the 
Guarantor will rely on the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria and the relevant representations / warranties given by the 
Seller in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided for in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for breach 
of representation or warranty is for the Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor in respect of losses arising from 
such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to retransfer the 
Receivables in respect of which a breach of the relevant representation or warranty has occurred which were previously assigned 
to it by the Seller in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Such obligations 
are not guaranteed by nor will be the responsibility of any person other than the Seller and neither the Guarantor nor the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have recourse to any other person in the event that the Seller, for whatever 
reason, fails to meet such obligations. However, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement the assets which do not 
qualify as Eligible Cover Pool are excluded by the calculation of the Tests and, in case of breach of the Tests due to such 
exclusion, the Seller shall integrate the Cover Pool.  
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement and Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity 
as Seller) has agreed to transfer Subsequent Receivables to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase Subsequent 
Receivables in order to ensure that the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests. The Initial Receivables purchase price has 
been funded through the proceeds of the first advance under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Subsequent Receivables 
purchase price will be funded through (a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
case of an Issuance Assignment; (c) the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any 
Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments in case of an 
Integration Assignment.  
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) has undertaken to ensure 
that on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or and on each other day on which the Tests is to be carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests. If, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and on 
each other day on which the Tests is to be carried out pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool is not in compliance 
with the Tests, then the Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent use the 
Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Receivables in order to cure the relevant Test or, to the extent the Available Funds are 
not sufficient BPER, in its capacity as Seller, shall sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Receivables, in an amount sufficient to 
permit to satisfy the Tests as soon as practicable and in any event by the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, and 
the purchase price of such Subsequent Receivables will be funded through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
If the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a Breach of Test Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Test Notice if, on or before the next following Monthly Calculation Date the Tests are 
subsequently satisfied and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach 
of Test Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met on, or prior to, the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves 
otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise.  
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of the Tests, the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. However, failure to satisfy the 
Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default,

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
thereby entitling the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer (to the extent 
not already accelerated against the Issuer) and the Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee against the 
Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the Conditions.  
Prior to the delivery of Notice to Pay and subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will 
perform specific agreed upon procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue 
Date as subsequently, amended, supplemented or replaced, concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title I-bis of Law 
130 and the BoI Regulations and including, inter alia, the calculation performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Mandatory Tests, the Assets Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and, following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement, with a view to confirming 
whether such calculations are accurate. For further details, please see the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement” below. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor the verification of, 
the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its obligations under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice) 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor shall sell Selected Assets (selected on a random 
basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor's creditors including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
for further details, please see the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement" below.  
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there can be no guarantee 
or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected Assets, which may affect payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity 
Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended 
Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Selected Assets at the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price 
may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount.  
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default  
If a Guarantor Events of Default occurs and an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor direct the Servicer to sell the Selected Assets  and/or the 
Guarantor will instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Assets are sold, as 
quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time and use the proceeds from the liquidation 
of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority 
of Payments. For further details, please see the section headed "Description of the Transaction Documents — Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement" below.  
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay all amounts due 
to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction Documents. If an Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all.  
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee  
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee) by, inter alia:  
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due in respect of their Receivables;  
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller;  
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables in the Cover Pool;  
(d) 
limited recourse to the Guarantor;

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities;  
(f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate;  
(g) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure; and 
(h) 
timing for the relevant sale of assets; 
(i) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates; and  
(j) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables being unenforceable.  
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory Tests, the Asset 
Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Amortisation Test, the Minimum OC Requirement and the Criteria are 
intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Receivables in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the 
Covered Bonds following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected 
(although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Priority of Payments  
The validity of contractual priority of payments such as those contemplated in this transaction has been challenged recently in 
the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a secured creditor (in that case, a swap 
counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities breach the “anti-deprivation” principle under English and 
U.S insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its 
insolvency. It was argued that, where a secured creditor subordinates itself to bondholders in the event of its insolvency, that 
secured creditor effectively deprives its own creditors. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park Investments 
PTY Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc 2011 UKSC 
38 (the “Perpetual Case”) unanimously upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal in dismissing this argument and upholding 
the validity of a flip clause contained in an English-law governed security document, stating that, provided that such clause forms 
part of a commercial transaction entered into in good faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one of its main 
purposes, the deprivation of one of the properties of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation principle was not 
breached by such provision.  
In parallel proceedings in New York, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Lehman Brothers 
Special Financing Inc.’s v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-
1242-JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined the same flip clause and held that such a provision, which seeks to modify 
one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that creditor files for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the US 
Bankruptcy Code. However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy Court decision held that in certain circumstances flip clauses 
are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code and therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 2016 decision was affirmed on 14 
March 2018 by the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 
August 2020 by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
There remains the issue whether, in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor located in a foreign 
jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the foreign insolvency proceedings, whether 
under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar common law principles. Given the current state of U.S. law, 
this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus in respect of multi-jurisdictional insolvencies.  
Additionally, as a result of the conflicting statements of the English and New York courts there is uncertainty as to whether the 
English courts will give any effect to any New York court judgment. Similarly, if the Priorities of Payments are the subject of 
litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales and such litigation results in a conflicting judgment in respect of the 
binding nature of the Priorities of Payments it is possible that termination payments due to that Swap Counterparty would not be 
subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities of Payments and as a result, the Guarantor’s’ ability to repay the Covered Bondholders 
in full may be adversely affected. There is a particular risk of conflicting judgments where a Swap Counterparty is the subject 
of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings outside of England and Wales. 
Value of the Cover Pool  
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the Cover Pool and 
the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic value of the Cover Pool may increase or 
decrease, the value of the Guarantor's assets may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). The

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
Seller makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was 
on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loans or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy 
experiences an overall decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, 
may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced.  
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Seller if Selected Assets and their related security 
interests are to be sold  
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice or of Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of an Acceleration Notice, 
the Guarantor may, and following a Notice to Pay shall, sell the Selected Assets and their related security interests included in 
the Cover Pool, subject to a right of pre-emption granted to the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement 
and of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected Assets and their related security interests to 
third parties, however, the Guarantor will not provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of such Selected Assets and related 
security interests and there is no assurance that the Seller would give or repeat any warranties or representations in respect of the 
Selected Assets and related security interests originally transferred by it or if it has not consented to the transfer of such warranties 
or representations. Any representations or warranties previously given by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans assigned 
in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if such Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that 
the realisable value of the Selected Assets and related security interests could be adversely affected by the lack of representations 
and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.  
Claw-back of the sale of the Receivables 
Assignments executed under Law 130 and the OBG Regulations are subject to claw-back on bankruptcy under article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law (as defined below) or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency Code (as defined below), Article 
166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, but only in the event that the declaration of bankruptcy of the Seller is made within three 
months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables) or, in cases where paragraph 1 of article 
67 applies or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, paragraph 1 of Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code 
(e.g. if the payments made or the obligations assumed by the bankrupt party exceed, by more than one-fourth, the consideration 
received or promised), within six months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables). 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by the Guarantor 
of the purchase price due for the Cover Pool are exempt from the insolvency claw-back provisions set out under article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the Guarantor may not be subject to any declaration of 
ineffectiveness according to article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency Code, 
Article 164 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets  
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets for a variety of 
reasons. The Receivables are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, 
prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of 
financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an 
increase in default by the borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the 
Mortgage Loans and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may 
lead to an increase in default and of bankruptcy of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. In addition, the ability of a borrower to 
sell a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage 
Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and 
property values in general at the time.  
The recovery of amounts due in relation to defaulted claims will be subject to the effectiveness of enforcement proceedings in 
respect of the Receivables which in Italy can take a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and 
where such action is taken and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the 
enforcement of the Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from land 
registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further time is required if it is 
necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant debtor raises a defence to or counterclaim in the

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers commence enforcement proceedings until the 
time an auction date is set for the forced sale of any real estate asset.  
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance policy issued by leading 
insurance companies approved by the Seller against damages from fire, destruction and explosion (each an “Insurance Policy”). 
There can be no assurance that all risks that could affect the value of the real estate assets are or will be covered by the relevant 
Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, the insured losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the 
real estate assets which is not covered (or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect 
the value of the real estate assets and the ability of the relevant debtor to repay the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer (in its capacity as Seller) will have been originated in accordance with the 
applicable lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the Guarantor by the Issuer (in its 
capacity as Seller), but originated by a person other than the Issuer (an "Originator"), will have been originated in accordance 
with the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer (in its capacity as Seller) or 
the relevant Originator's, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider the term of loan, the indemnity guarantee 
policies, the status of applicants and the credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (in its capacity as Seller) will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in 
accordance with such Issuer’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans as were 
originated by an Originator, were originated in accordance with the relevant Originator's lending criteria applicable at the time 
of origination. The Issuer (in its capacity as Seller) retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the 
terms of the Master Transfer Agreement and the Servicing Agreement. The Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria 
at any time. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that 
may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor 
to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Defaulted Assets in the Cover Pool will be given a zero 
weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test.  
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is subject to a number of 
legal risks. These include the risks set out below. 
Set-off risks 
Pursuant to article 1248 of the Italian law civil code and Law 130, in the context of an assignment of monetary claims, 
notwithstanding the notification of the assignment to the debtor, the debtor retains the right to set-off any claims owed to him/her 
by the assigning creditor, provided that they arose prior to the notification date, against the amount due by him/her to the relevant 
owner, from time to time, of the assigned monetary claim. The debtors under the Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise rights 
of set-off in respect of amounts due under any Mortgage Loan to the Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Issuer or, if 
the relevant Mortgage Loan was transferred by an Additional Seller, such relevant Additional Seller to the relevant Debtor which 
came into existence (were crediti esistenti) prior to the later of: (a) the publication of the notice of assignment in the Italian 
Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (b) the registration of such notice in the competent 
Companies’ Register.  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Banking Law. According 
to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant Debtors as of the 
later of (a) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (b) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the local Companies' Register. 
Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the Seller or, as applicable 
the relevant originator, including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and 
registration at the Companies' Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool may have increased risks of set-off, 
because the Seller or, as applicable, the relevant originator is required to make payments under them to the borrowers. In addition, 
the exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted with amendments into Law 
No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”) introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to article 4 of Law 
130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
It should be noted, however, that the Asset Coverage Test seeks to take account of the potential set-off risk associated with 
borrowers holding deposits with the Seller (although there is no assurance that all such risks will be accounted for). 
Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Borrowers under the Mortgage Loans are subject to Italian law No. 
108 of 7 March 1996 (the “Usury Law”), which introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to, 
or higher than, rates (the “Usury Rates”) set every three months on the basis of a decree issued by the Italian Treasury (the last 
such decree having been issued on 25 June 2024). In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest 
and other benefits and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking 
into account the specific situations of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions); and (b) the 
person who paid or agreed to pay them was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, benefits or 
remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. 
The Italian Government, with law decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree” and, together with the Usury 
Law, the “Usury Regulations”), converted into law by law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, has established, inter alia, that interest 
is to be deemed usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeds the Usury Rate applicable at the time the relevant 
agreement is reached. The Usury Law Decree also provides that, as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in 
interest rates in the years 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already entered 
into on the date on which the Usury Law Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted with 
a lower interest rate fixed in accordance with parameters determined by the Usury Law Decree. 
The Italian Constitutional Court has rejected, with decision No. 29/2002 (deposited on 25 February 2002), a constitutional 
exception raised by the Court of Benevento (2 January 2001) concerning article 1, paragraph 1, of the Usury Law Decree (now 
reflected in article 1, paragraph 1 of the above mentioned conversion law No. 24 of 28 February 2001). In so doing, it has 
confirmed the constitutional validity of the provisions of the Usury Law Decree which hold that interest rates may be deemed to 
be void due to usury only if they infringe Usury Regulations at the time they are agreed between the borrower and the lender and 
not at the time such rates are actually paid by the borrower. 
Overturning the previous case-law on the matter, by decision No. 24675/2017 the United Chambers of the Italian Supreme Court 
(Corte di Cassazione) has recently clarified that, for the purposes of Usury Law, the remuneration of any given financing must 
be below the applicable Usury Rate only at the time the terms of the financing were agreed. As a result, Usury Law would not 
be considered to be breached in case such a remuneration, originally lower than the applicable Usury Rate, exceeded a 
subsequently applicable Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. 
Furthermore, according to applicable case-law, also default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when 
verifying the compliance with the Usury Law. However, recent court precedents clarified that the applicable default interest rate 
and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant financing must not be added together for the purposes of such 
verification. As a result, the default interest rate, on the one hand, and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant 
financing (cumulatively considered), on the other hand, must each be separately and independently compared with the applicable 
Usury Rate. 
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Mortgage Loans, the amount payable to the Covered Bondholders may be subject to 
reduction, renegotiation or repayment. 
Compounding of interest (anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian civil code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or receivable may be capitalised 
after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement subsequent to such accrual or (b) from the date when any 
legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows 
derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial 
companies in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such 
practice could be characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of recent judgments from Italian 
courts (including judgments from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No. 
21095/2004, No. 4094/2005, No. 10127/2005, No. 24418/2010, No. 24156/2017 and No. 15148/2018) have held that such 
practices are not uso normativo and that the contractual clauses providing for the capitalisation of accrued interest on a three-
monthly basis, if agreed before April 2000, shall be considered null and void. Consequently, if customers of the Seller were to

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
challenge this practice and such interpretation of the Italian civil code were to be upheld before other courts in the Republic of 
Italy, there could be a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 (“Law No. 342”), 
enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the 
capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to 
be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution 
of the Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio (“CICR”) issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been 
challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under 
the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on 
which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Article 17-bis of law decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016, as converted into law No. 59 of 8 April 2016, amended Article 120, 
paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, providing that interest shall not accrue on capitalised interest. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the 
Banking Law also requires the CICR to establish the methods and criteria for the compounding of interest. Decree no. 343 of 3 
August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 of the Banking Law, has been published in the Official 
Gazette no. 212 of 10 September 2016. As a result of such amendments, it is confirmed that, in the context of banking 
transactions, the debit interest (with the exception of default interest) can never bear further interest. 
Furthermore there have been two rulings of Italian Courts that have held that the calculations applicable to the instalments under 
certain mortgage loan agreements that were based upon the amortisation method known as “French amortisation” (i.e., mortgage 
loans with fixed instalments, made up of an amount of principal (that progressively increases) and an amount of interest (that 
decreases as repayments are calculated with a specific formula), triggered a violation of the Italian law provisions on the 
limitations on the compounding of interest (divieto di anatocismo). However, it should be pointed out that these were isolated 
judgements, still under appeal, and more recently various court rulings on the same matter have declared that the “French 
amortisation” method does not entail an illegal compounding element. However the Issuer is not able to exclude the risk that in 
the future other judgments may follow the two isolated decisions described above. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers 
relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or 
otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016 (“Legislative 
Decree 72”). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking Law, under Title VI, a new Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer 
mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a new Article 120 quinquiesdecies, pursuant to which a consumer and an entity authorised 
to grant loans in a professional manner in the Republic of Italy who are parties to a mortgage credit agreement may expressly 
agree, subject to the provisions of article 2744 of the Italian civil code, that, in case of non-payment of eighteen monthly 
instalments by the relevant debtor, the property of the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof 
can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of all the outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor (even if the 
value of such property or the amount of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event that the value of the property 
of the debtor subject to security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof is higher than the residual debt, the 
debtor will be entitled to receive the excess amount. The value of the property shall be determined by an independent expert 
chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement on the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the chairman of the 
competent court. 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property subject to security from the 
debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding obligations. Provided that certain risks may arise from 
the management by the creditor of the relevant property, such new legislation is expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant 
claims. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e 
il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the “Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title VI of the Banking Law, with 
the view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level of protection 
to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended version of its regulations 
on transparency of banking and financial operations of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended (Trasparenza delle operazioni e 
dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti), in order to implement the transparency 
provisions as laid down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while on January 2018

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
the Ministry of Economy and Finance has submitted to public consultation the draft of the Interministerial Decree implementing 
the Mortgage Legislative Decree. The final version of the Interministerial Decree has not yet been published, therefore, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to fully predict its impact. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or reinforced existing 
rights, including, inter alia: 
• 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, in respect of mortgage 
loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a reduced penalty rate (article 120-ter of the Banking Law, 
introduced by Legislative Decree no. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree no. 218 of 14 December 
2010); 
• 
right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and/or the right to request subrogation 
by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in accordance with article 1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) 
of the Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs previously borne by the borrowers for the exercise of such right 
(article 120-quater of the Banking Law, introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by 
Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
• 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and 
for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007, as subsequently implemented by the 
ministerial decree No. 132 of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance (Ministero dell’economia e delle finanze)); 
• 
the right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12-month period, where requested 
by the relevant debtor during the period from 1 June 2015 to 31 December 2017 (Convention between the Associazione 
Bancaria Italiana - ABI and the consumers’ associations stipulated on 31 March 2015) (the “2015 Credit Agreement”). 
On 27 November 2017, ABI and the consumers’ associations, in order to provide continuity to the abovementioned 
measures, have agreed to extend the agreement until 31 July 2018. On 15 November 2018 the Associazione Bancaria 
Italiana - ABI and the associations representing companies signed a new credit agreement (Accordo per il Credito 2019) 
providing for the introduction of some adjustments to the measures addressed to “Enterprises in Recovery", relating to the 
suspension and extension of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, provided for in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the 
“2019 Italian Credit Agreement”). 
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Cover Pool could be subject to suspension of payments, as consequence 
of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the ability of the issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or 
increase in the activities necessary for the servicing of the Cover Pool. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 126”) which came 
into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans granted for the purposes of purchasing, 
building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and the ABI (Italian 
Banking Association) entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage 
loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also further to the 
parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the Convention, the instalments payable 
by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the 
average of the floating rate interest rates applied under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal 
amount and for the original final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, 
renegotiated or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment due 
after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The difference between 
the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that the borrower would have paid on the 
basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of 
the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant 
to the relevant mortgage loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited 
to such bank account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account will 
be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, and the amortisation

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable 
pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The Seller has adhered to the Convention sending to its clients a renegotiation proposal in accordance with the Convention. 
Borrowers eligible for the renegotiation who have received the renegotiation proposal can accept the proposal by way of a written 
notification to be sent not later than 28 November 2008 (the “Final Adhesion Term”). 
The renegotiation becomes effective on the third month following the date when such proposal has been accepted by the relevant 
client, with reference to the instalments which fall due after 1 January 2009.  
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed “Mortgage borrower protection” above may have 
an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the 
over-collateralisation required in order to maintain the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds.  
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally; 
2. Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; 
3. Risks relating to the market. 
1. Risks relating to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should:  
a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, 
an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and  
e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and 
other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor 
should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value 
of the Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the Republic of Italy. 
Furthermore, the Covered Bonds will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any legislation that is or will be passed 
to address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including government guarantees or similar measures. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolutions 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of Covered 
Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
(b)appoint and remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; (c) approve any modification, abrogation, variation or

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
compromise in respect of (i) the rights of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered 
Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (ii) the Rules of 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions or any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of the 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto. Certain resolutions are required to be passed as 
Programme Resolutions (such as a resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take any enforcement). 
Any Programme Resolution action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and 
cannot be resolved upon at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution taken by Covered 
Bondholders of all Series will be binding on all Covered Bondholders irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted 
in favour of the Programme Resolution.  
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification: 
a) 
to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be expedient to make and will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; or 
b) 
to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made 
to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
c) 
to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
is required for the purposes of complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the OBG 
Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof, provided that such modification will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
It shall also be noted that after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders' rights 
against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights 
and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Rules 
of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the protection and exercise 
of the Covered Bondholders' rights against the Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to 
commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine 
in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence 
any such individual actions.  
Any Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take any enforcement action must be 
passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the 
Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions and cannot be decided upon at a meeting of Covered 
Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution will be binding on all Covered Bondholders including Covered 
Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority.  
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders  
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall only have 
regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have 
regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders.  
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval 
of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 
75 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see the section headed "Selected aspects of Italian 
law – Controls over the transaction" below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes that it has implemented the appropriate 
policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such 
compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant 
policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuers' or the Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Limit to Integration 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Receivables in order to: (i) collateralise the issue of further Tranches or Series of Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer, (ii) invest (in whole or in part) principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Principal Available 
Funds deriving from Receivables provided that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing or (iii) ensure compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Limit in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
Investors should note that Issuance Assignments, Revolving Assignment or Integration Assignments are not allowed in 
circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. Therefore no assurance can be given on the potential negative impact 
that the need to rebalance the Cover Pool outside the circumstances set out in the BoI Regulations may have on the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders (for further details on the BoI Regulations, please see the section headed “Selected aspects of Italian law – 
Coverage Requirement” below). 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms. 
 
In relation to Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds included in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types 
of Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series of Covered 
Bonds can be reviewed by reading the Conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all 
Covered Bonds to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which applies and/or disapplies 
and/or completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable 
to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds  
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds 
are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu without any preference amongst 
themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim 
directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement 
granted by the Issuer. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the payment made under relevant Covered Bonds. This may lead to losses 
under the Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of any Covered Bond would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to serve an Acceleration Notice and accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. The 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents or their officers, members, directors, 
employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable 
solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the 
obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or referecing such 
“benchmarks”

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) 
(the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, as amended (the 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation”). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) 
applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" "benchmarks" in the EU, and among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory 
regime) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks" and (ii) bans the use of 
"benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other 
interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" 
indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Covered Bonds), financial contracts 
and investment funds.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a material impact on any 
listed Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark" index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be longer used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU 
or UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional 
provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular "benchmark" and the 
applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise 
impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Covered Bonds could be changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level of the "benchmark" or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead 
to adjustments to the terms of the Covered Bonds, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks".  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the 
identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks 
used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 11 May 2021 the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The recommended fallback rates are 
based on the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”). Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will 
be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported going forwards. 
This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in 
part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if the EURIBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds (each an “Original Reference Rate”) were 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference such Original 
Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds, as 
indicated in the Terms and Conditions.  
In particular, the Terms and Conditions provide for certain arrangements in case that the Original Reference Rate (including any 
page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Rate 
determined by an Independent Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be 
adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment Spread. The application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or 
an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no 
Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds based on the rate which was last used for the relevant Covered Bonds or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser 
or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or to any other 
Transaction Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by 
the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as provided by Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark 
remained available in its current form. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate 
or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered 
Bond may not do so and may result in the Covered Bond performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds referring the relevant Original Reference Rate. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a "benchmark" since the rate of interest will 
be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Covered Bonds, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their tax adviser about 
their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and 
shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts pursuant to Condition 10 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions including Decree No. 239 withholdings. Neither

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders in relation to 
withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
For further details, please see the section entitled "Taxation in the Republic of Italy". 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on the laws of the 
Republic of Italy (and, in the case of the Swap Agreement, certain provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the laws of England) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the laws of Italy or of England or administrative practice in 
the relevant jurisdictions after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus containing a 
material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and 
the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered 
bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Covered Bond 
Directive”); and 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the “Covered Bond Regulation”). 
The Covered Bond Regulation and the Covered Bond Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and 
introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, the Covered Bond 
Regulation provides certain amendments to the CRR in order to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable 
capital treatment, and the Covered Bond Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU 
Member States.  
The Covered Bond Regulation apply from 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal 
framework by means of Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021, entered into force on 1 December 2021 (the “Decree 
190”), which modified Law 130. 
The Decree 190 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130 (as applicable until the entry into force of the 
Implementing Provisions, as defined below) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130, setting out the Italian legislative 
framework applicable to covered bonds starting from the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions. Moreover, the Decree 
190 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered bonds and issued the 
implementation of the Title I-bis of Law 130. 
Following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 February 2023, on 30 March 
2023 the Bank of Italy published the implementing provisions of the BoI Regulations, entering into force on 31 March 2023, 
(the “Implementing Provisions”), providing, inter alia, for (i) the criteria for the assessment of the eligible assets and the 
conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures 
for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) giving the possibility 
also to banks with credit rating 3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the requirement of 
a minimum level of over-collateralization for covered bonds at 5% and (vi) the conditions for issuing under already existing 
programme as of the date of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty above provisions and the recent amendments to the BoI Regulations 
and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may need to be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to continue to be compliant with the OBG Regulations. Prospective investors should 
therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to their 
investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official interpretations after the date hereof, 
the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings (if any) assigned to the Covered Bonds may be affected. In addition, it 
should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no assurance that any such changes will

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective 
investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. Law 130 was 
further amended during the following years, including, inter alia, on 30 November 2021 by way of the Decree 190, as above 
mentioned. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Law 130 as it relates to covered bonds has been 
issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, 
Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as 
amended from time to time concerning, inter alia, guidelines on the valuation of assets and controls required to ensure compliance 
with the legislation. 
Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue a ruling relating to the Law 130 or a governmental or 
regulatory authority may issue further regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot 
be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 ("Law 111"), delegates power to the 
Italian government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the 
reform of the Italian tax system (the "Tax Reform"). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce 
various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot 
be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and capital gains 
could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Covered Bonds and could 
result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described above. 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case, they will form part 
of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case, they will constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds 
issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will share equally in the security granted by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result 
in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Covered 
Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value or 
premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the circumstance that the relevant covered 
bondholders, instead of benefiting from periodical interest payments, shall be granted an interest income consisting of the 
difference between the redemption price and the issue price, which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of 
a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market 
interest rate. Prices of zero coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to 
respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest-bearing covered bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, 
the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered 
Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label  
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”, 
as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Title I-bis of Law 130, provided that the Covered Bonds are in compliance with Law 130, the 
BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR. Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal requirements under Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR, 
investors should consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered 
Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, whether such 
assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without 
limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given 
whether Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond (Premium) will continue to maintain such label even after their 
issuance. 
3. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and 
credit risk. 
The secondary market generally  
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Accordingly, there is no 
assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Covered Bonds. If a market does develop, it may not 
be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. If the Covered Bonds are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial conditions of the Issuer. This is particularly the case 
for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Covered Bonds would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds, although application has been 
made, or is expected to be made, to list the Covered Bonds on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value 
of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (b) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (c) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done 
in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
Rating  
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Covered 
Bonds and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds or the standing of the Issuer. A 
credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, in general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under UK CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid 
on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The following structure diagram does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this structure diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
Asset monitor 
Covered Bond  
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
OBG 
Covered Bond  
      Issuance 
    & Coupon  
           Covered 
    Bondholders 
Covered Bond 
     Issuance  
     Proceeds 
Subordinated Loan 
     Repayments of  
Subordinated Loan 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Cover Pool Purchase Price 
Transfer of Cover Pool

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have previously 
been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents shall be incorporated 
by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-6f1b-4812-
4a03-38866f41e523?version=2.0&t=1715793518837  
2. 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2568760113/By+Law_Carige+Covered+Bond.pdf/2d094755-
1c49-803a-7929-5fadeada280b?version=2.0&t=1717160877476 
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024, 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+interim+report+on+operations+as+a
t+31+03+2024.pdf/42406a86-70cb-dfae-f22b-
66351b847833?version=1.0&t=1718888405910&download=true  
4. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/2023%20ANNUAL%20REPORTS_PDF.pdf/9896
06d1-e56d-8021-7632-caa843d1cdd5?version=1.0&t=1715623102665 
5. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2023, that can 
be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/Consolidated+half+year+report+as+at+30+0
6+2023.pdf/dfe5fb52-aa54-ebaa-7839-8f7cf8ba3c2e?version=1.0&t=1696588702782&download=true 
6. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that can be obtained 
at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/2131684318/Annual+Report+2022+%28PDF%29.pdf/b85
17d71-0cce-df7f-aa54-87d355d1d6b1?version=1.0&t=1687883613005&download=true 
7. 
Issuer’s consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of 
the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022), that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191166662/Sustainability+Report+2022.pdf/ac90b602-
b0b2-c8ea-4a54-984ad6cf467d?version=1.1&t=1685024273865&download=true  
8. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be obtained at the 
webpage:

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2568760113/Carige+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2023+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/a236a7ed-3656-0611-3fc3-
5e03474362b7?version=1.0&t=1716901173302  
9. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2568760113/Carige+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2022+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/0bc9e855-2586-7192-d004-
2836a4ffa538?version=1.0&t=1720020114530 
10. 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Results of the Ordinary and Extraordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting”, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/Results_of_the_Ordinary_Shareholders%E2%80%
99_Meeting_of_19_April_2024_Logo.pdf/2db216cb-6c76-2ce2-e560-078afa9ed6b1?t=1713522459047  
11. 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Appointment of Chair, Deputy Chair and Chief 
Executive Officer”, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/Appointment_of_Chair%2C_Deputy_Chair_and_C
hief_Executive_Officer_Logo.pdf/6d88b72c-3903-bacc-8b54-ec5016f4eb71?t=1713541855070 
12. 
BPER Group press release dated 30 April 2024 entitled “Verification of the independence requirement of 
Board Committee”, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/2024.04.30_CS_Verification_of_the_independence
_requirement_ENG_logo.pdf/1905a026-dda5-d6f3-7d04-757ebaacf8ce?t=1714492013935 
13. 
BPER Group press release dated 30 May 2024 entitled “Closure of 2022-2025 Group Business Plan brought 
forward to end-2024. Main targets achieved”, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/24.05.30_Chiusura_anticipata_Piano_-
_LTI___ENG_Logo.pdf/1dd61851-a03c-5bce-8a0e-f099a3bf89d3?t=1717084860582  
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have 
been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer's by-laws (Statuto) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus; (ii) the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024; (iv) the Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2023; (v) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review 
report) as at 30 June 2023; (vi) Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; (vii) 
Issuer’s consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); (viii) Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 
31 December 2023; (ix) Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; (x) the BPER Group 
press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Results of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting”; (xi) the 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Appointment of Chair, Deputy Chair and Chief Executive 
Officer”; (xii) the BPER Group press release dated 30 April 2024 entitled “Verification of the independence requirement

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
of Board Committee”; (xiii) the BPER Group press release dated 30 May 2024 entitled “Closure of 2022-2025 Group 
Business Plan brought forward to end-2024. Main targets achieved”. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the registered office of 
the Issuer on the Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/). This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by 
reference will also be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s web site (www.luxse.com). 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document 
All 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations 
(without a review report) as at 31 March 2024 
 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 15 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
31 March 2024 
Page 56 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 31 March 2024 
Page 57 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 58 
 
Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
as at 31 March 2024 
Page 59 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 60 to 101 
 
Attachments 
Pages 102 to 105 
 
Declaration  of the manager 
responsible for preparing the 
company’s financial reports 
Pages 106 to 107 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial 
statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 
 
 
BPER Banca Group structure as 
at 31 December 2023 
Page 19 
 
Financial ratios 
Page 22 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
Page 23

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Methodological Note 
Pages 84 to 85 
 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery Page 86 
 
Social and personnel issues 
Page 86 
 
Human Rights 
Page 86 
 
Purpose and positioning 
Page 88 
 
The BPER Group's 
Commitments  
Pages 88 to 91 
 
Governance and Organisation 
Model 
Pages 92 to 106 
 
Relations with Suppliers 
Pages 108 to 109 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 110 to 118 
 
Group Stakeholders and 
Materiality Analysis 
Pages 119 to 128 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 129 to 161 
 
People 
Pages 162 to 179 
 
Relations with the Community 
Pages 193 to 204 
 
The EU Taxonomy of 
Environmentally Sustainable 
Activities 
Pages 205 to 247 
 
Objectives 
Pages 248 to 251 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 252 to 259 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 260 to 263 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 266 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 267 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 268 
 
Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
as at 31 December 2023 
Page 269 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 270 to 271 
 
Consolidated Explanatory Notes Pages 272 to 561

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Attachments 
Pages 562 to 574 
 
Certifications and Other Reports Pages 575 to 577 
 
Auditor’s report 
Pages 578 to 586 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including 
limited review report) as at 30 June 2023 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 
30 June 2023 
Pages 80 to 81 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 30 June 2023 
Page 82 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 83 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 84 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows  
Pages 85 to 86 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 88 to 194 
 
Independent auditors’ limited 
review report 
Pages 199 to 200 
(reference is to 
the pages of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 
31 December 2022 
Page 94  
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
as at 31 December 2022 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 96 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 97 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows  
Pages 98 to 99 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 101 to 412

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 417 to 426 
Issuer’s consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended 
on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022) 
 
 
 
History 
Pages 18 to 20 
 
Mission and Approach 
Page 21 
 
The BPER Group’s 
Commitments 
Pages 22 to 27 
 
Governance and Organisation 
Model  
Pages 28 to 30 
 
ESG Governance 
Pages 30 to 31 
 
Relations with Suppliers 
Pages 42 to 43 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 44 to 53 
 
Group Stakeholders and 
Materiality Analysis 
Pages 54 to 63 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 64 to 97 
 
People 
Pages 98 to 119 
 
Relationships with the 
Community 
Pages 136 to 147 
 
Annex I –The EU Taxonomy of 
environmentally sustainable 
activities 
Pages 148 to 150 
 
Annex II –Materiality Analysis 
Pages 151 to 155 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 163 to 178 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 180 to 182 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2023 
 
 
Balance sheet  
Pages 12 to 13 
 
Income Statement  
Pages 13 to 14 
 
Statement of Comprehensive 
Income  
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity  
Pages 15 to 16 
 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 17 to 18

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Notes to the Financial 
Statements 
Pages 19 to 69 
 
Independent Auditors' report  
Pages 70 to 72 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2022 
 
 
Balance sheet  
Page 14 
 
Income Statement  
Page 15 
 
Statement of Comprehensive 
Income  
Page 16 
 
Statement of changes in Equity  
Page 17 
 
Cash Flows Statement 
Page 18 
 
Explanatory notes  
Pages 20 to 54 
 
Independent Auditors' report  
Pages 55 to 57 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Results 
of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting” 
Entire document 
All 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled 
“Appointment of Chair, Deputy Chair and Chief Executive 
Officer” 
Entire document 
All 
BPER Group press release dated 30 April 2024 entitled 
“Verification of the independence requirement of Board 
Committee” 
Entire document 
All 
BPER Group press release dated 30 May 2024 entitled “Closure 
of 2022-2025 Group Business Plan brought forward to end-
2024. Main targets achieved” 
Entire document 
All 
Alternative Performance Measures   
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative 
performance measures", aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of alternative performance measures 
(“APM”) included in prospectuses or documents containing regulated information.  
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified several 
APMs. The management believes that these APMs provide useful information for investors as regards the financial 
position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, because they facilitate the identification of significant 
operating trends and financial parameters. This Base Prospectus contains alternative performance measures which are 
used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to performance 
ratios data as at 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023, 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2022.

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
It should be noted that:  
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of the future 
performance;  
(ii) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of BPER 
and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or liquidity under 
IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS or 
any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024, the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
254/2016  in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report 
(including limited review report) as at 30 June 2023 and the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(v) 
since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER Group 
may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance should not be 
placed on these data; 
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included . 
The Issuer has selected and represented the APMs set out below as it believes that they are a useful means to 
obtain a better understanding of the economic and financial performance, because they facilitate the identification 
of important operating trends and financial parameters peculiar to the areas of the Issuers business activities: 
• 
TEXAS Ratio: calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment 
provisions for nonperforming loans. The Texas ratio assesses a bank’s financial position. It is a measure of a 
bank’s credit quality; 
• 
ROE: calculated as ratio of net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including 
net profit. It is considered a gauge of a corporation's profitability and how efficient it is in generating profits; 
• 
ROTE: calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including net 
profit and intangible assets. It measures the rate of return on the tangible common equity; 
• 
ROA: calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
It is a metric that indicates a company's profitability in relation to its total assets; 
• 
The Cost to income ratio: calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income) and on the basis of the schedules provided by the 7th update of Bank of Italy Circular 
no. 262. It is one of the main indicators of the Issuer’s operational efficiency; 
• 
The Cost of credit risk: calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers. 
It is the measure of the cost of managing risk and incurring losses due to risk. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered additional information not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus or not 
required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 and Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2022 have been audited by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity as 
independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in its reports thereon. 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2023 has been subject 
to limited review by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditor of the Guarantor, as indicated in its reports thereon. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial statements 
prepared for and used in Italy and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. The Issuer takes 
responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, whereas 
the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent auditors of the Issuer, Deloitte. The 
Guarantor takes responsibility for the translation of the balance sheets, statements of income and notes of the financial 
statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received 
directly from the independent auditors of the Guarantor, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer on the 
Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/) or at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete 
and has further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base 
Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered to the public or, 
as the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a regulated market begins, whichever 
occurs later, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE SELLER 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, “BPER Banca” 
or the “Parent Company”) is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), operating in accordance 
with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company of the BPER Banca banking 
Group (the “BPER Group” or the “BPER Banca Group”), which was incorporated under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its By-laws, its final term ends on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. 
The change of denomination from Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. 
occurred on the basis of the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER is 
registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce of Modena 
under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid up share capital of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus was Euro 2,104,315,691.40 
divided into 1,415,850,518 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2024). 
BPER’s shares are listed on the Italian stock market and are included into the FTSE MIB index. 
Starting from September 2009 BPER’s shares were also included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena. In 1983, it was merged with Banca 
Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In 1992, BPER acquired Banca Popolare di 
Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Ravenna”), and 
in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. (“Banca CRV”), consolidating its presence in Emilia 
Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of Banca 
Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. (“BPLS”) and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del 
Materano”), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Crotone”). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg S.A., a 
company set-up in 1996 whose headquarters are located in Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private banking, 
investment management and corporate banking services. 
In 1998 BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. At the end of 1998 BPER acquired approximately 
55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. (“BPA”). The acquisition, in 1999, of Banca Popolare 
di Salerno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Salerno”), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila S.p.A. (“Carispaq”) and, in 2000, of 
Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia”) resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise 
in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001 BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one of the 
largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and more than 10,000 
employees at that time. 
In June 2003 BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form the banking 
entity Banca della Campania S.p.A. (“Banca della Campania”), into which Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. merged 
on 28 December 2006 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. In June 2014 BPER and Banco di Sardegna resolved 
to commence the merger by incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A. The latter is a company 
operating in all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region. 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV.

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. (“Arca Vita”). 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged to form a 
new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno”). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a result, BPER 
– among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (“BNT”), a bank specialised in agricultural 
loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which specialises in non-life insurance. The latter 
two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such reorganisation, the 
BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal shares among the four banking 
shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in accordance 
with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the existing and future 
portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted and/or held by BNT. 
The notes issued by the SPV in a single tranche were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially in proportion 
to their respective interests. 
In 2009 the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. (“Banca Italease”). The 
implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. (“Release”) and Alba 
Leasing S.p.A. (“Alba Leasing”). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of Banca Italease were contributed 
to these companies: in particular its impaired assets went to Release, while its performing loans deriving from the banking 
channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In June 2010 BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS”) transferred control over Arca Vita to Unipol Gruppo 
S.p.A. (“Unipol Group”). 
In July 2010 the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV into BPER was approved. 
On 17 February 2012 BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of the 
company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on trust matters.  
In November 2012 the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER took place. 
In January 2013 BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, BPLS and 
BPA (hereinafter, the “Merged Companies”) into BPER. Having successfully concluded the merger of the Merged 
Companies, an equally important effort was made in 2014 to implement a major project of internal reorganization: the 
absorption by BPER of three further subsidiary banks, such as Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, Banca della Campania 
and Banca Popolare di Ravenna. 
In February 2013 BPER completed a process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. (“CR Bra”).  
In 2016 BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. (“Banca di Sassari”) – originally a 
subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (“Banco di Sardegna”) – with the view to allowing Banca di Sassari 
to focus on consumer credit lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca di Sassari 
changed its name to Bibanca S.p.A (“Bibanca”). 
In October 2016 BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. (“CR Saluzzo”). 
On 27 July 2020 BPER the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo into BPER was completed. 
On 30 June 2017 BPER performed the acquisition from the Single Resolution Fund of 100% of the share capital of 
Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. (“Nuova Carife”), which was merged into BPER in November 2017. 
On 22 July 2019 BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca Holding") 
auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. and Veneto Banca S.p.A. (both in LCA 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa), which in turn holds all the shares of Arca Fondi SGR.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
On 25 July 2019 BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital and a 
stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds the equivalent to 
99.457% of the entire share capital of Banco di Sardegna, consisting of ordinary and preference shares. 
On 31 July 2019 BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. (“Unipol Banca”) from Unipol Group and UnipolSai 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. (“UnipolSai”). 
With effect from 25 November 2019 the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER was 
completed. 
BPER Group's Non-Performing Exposure Strategy for the period 2018-2020 provided for the sale of bad loans at a Group 
level for a total gross book value of between Euro 3.5 and Euro 4.5 billion over 3 years, of which approximately Euro 
3.0 billion through two securitisation transactions (“4Mori Sardegna” and “AQUI”) were finalised within 2018. 
The following Group's NPE Strategy on the 2019-2021 horizon took into consideration the qualitative recommendations 
of the ECB contained in the 2018 SREP Decision. 
In March 2021 BPER approved the new NPE Strategy 2021-2023 in a "stand-alone" version. 
On 7 July 2020, the BPER Group completed the sale, to an institutional investor, of 95% of the mezzanine and junior 
tranches of securities issued as part of the Spring bad loan securitisation, with a gross book value of € 1.2 billion as at 
30 September 2019 (“Spring”). 
In December 2020 BPER completed a new securitisation of a bad loan portfolio (“Summer”). 
In the first half of 2021, the BPER Group prepared and partially executed several sales, mostly of "portfolios", involving 
positions classified as “Unlikely-ToPay” (“UTP”), to investors and mutual funds specialised in credit recovery 
management. 
In 2020 BPER entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (“ISP”) pursuant to which BPER purchased a 
going concern composed of approximately 1.2 million clients, distributed on the relevant banking branches of the former 
UBI Banca S.p.A. (“UBI”). 
In April 2020 the BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, the proposal to grant the 
Board of Directors the power to increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in 
order to fund the transaction with ISP. 
The transfer to BPER of the acquired business units took place in the first half of 2021. 
On 28 July 2021 the BPER Group formally commenced (by means of a legal transfer to an SPV) the activities aimed at 
a further massive sale of non-performing loans, completed during the second half of 2021 by means of a securitisation 
transaction in compliance with the requirements and to be assisted by the Italian State guarantee scheme (GACS). 
On 29 March 2022 the NPE Strategy 2022-2024 Guidelines were approved, having been developed on a “stand-alone” 
basis with an underlying macroeconomic scenario prior to the Russia-Ukraine conflict. These targets were revised and 
updated on 9 June 2022, when BPER approved the Plan (as defined below), which incorporated not only the acquisition 
of the Banca Carige S.p.A. Group (“Carige Group”) but also a macroeconomic scenario conditioned by the Russia-
Ukraine conflict by defining the target of non-performing exposures as at 2025. 
In June 2022 BPER executed the acquisition of the Carige Group. The merger by absorption of Banca Carige S.p.A. 
(“Banca Carige” or “Carige”) and Banca del Monte di Lucca S.p.A. (a subsidiary company of Carige’s) into BPER took 
place in November 2022. 
 
Strategy 
2022-2025 Business Plan 
On 9 June 2022 BPER’s Board of Directors approved the BPER Group’s new Business Plan 2022-2025, called “BPER 
e-volution” (the “Plan”). 
The Plan is based on 5 project areas: 
• strengthening the multi-specialist bank model on a national scale;

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
• transformation of the revenue model to a “fee based perspective” by rotation toward business capital light 
models to increase fee contribution on total revenue; 
• partnership between IT and business for transformation and growth; 
• rationalization of the distribution network accompanied by simplification of processes to be achieved through 
increased digitization and adjustment of customer service models from an omnichannel perspective; 
• enhancement of human capital through training plans, new career paths, and new work environments/models. 
The above project areas will be supported by 3 levers: 
• de-risking and credit monitoring: the divestment of the non-performing loans and UTP recovery platform 
together with the sale of additional NPE portfolios and improved management and workout activities will help 
reduce the gross NPE ratio structurally below 4 percent (3.6 percent as of 2025), while assuming very 
conservative assumptions about NPE flows to incorporate the macroeconomic scenario resulting from the 
ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict; 
• new innovation model as an accelerator of the Group’s transformation path and an engine of new growth; 
• ESG infusion: the Plan outlines the BPER Group's ESG development, with the aim of creating long-term shared 
value through the strengthening of sustainability issues within the corporate business model. 
The extraordinary transactions envisaged in the Plan are aimed at further strengthening the competitive position at the 
national level and ensuring a greater focus on the activities identified as “core” for the BPER Group, thus also providing 
for divestments and deconsolidations of non-strategic assets, which will free up capital to be allocated to business 
development. 
Extraordinary transactions 
Acquisition of the Carige Group: 
On the capital absorption front, benefits in terms of lower RWAs are expected over the Plan period due to the extension 
of AIRB models on the perimeter of loans to customers originating from Carige, with an estimated positive impact of 
about 40 b.p. on the capital position. 
Disposal of internal platform of bad debt recovery and UTP and subsequent activation of NPE servicing: 
The transaction is part of the broader de-risking strategy that the BPER Group has been effectively pursuing in recent 
years and envisages the sale of the internal platform for the recovery of non-performing loans and UTPs. The transaction 
has been completed on 15 January 2024; for further information please make reference to the paragraph headed “Recent 
Developments”. 
Disposal of merchant acquiring business: 
In June 2022 a strategic agreement was signed with Nexi S.p.A. for the establishment of a long-term partnership to be 
realized through the transfer of the business unit having as its object merchant acquiring and POS management activities. 
The transaction enabled the BPER Group to enhance the value of these activities by taking advantage of the specialization 
and economies of scale enabled by the new partnership with Nexi S.p.A., while maintaining significant economic 
exposure to the merchant acquiring business. The deal closing enabled the BPER Group to realize a significant capital 
gain. 
Deconsolidation Long Term Rental Company 
BPER and UnipolSai signed an agreement to start a strategic commercial partnership in long-term rental which will be 
achieved, inter alia, via the merger by absorption of Società Italiana Flotte Aziendali S.p.A., entirely controlled by BPER, 
into UnipolRental S.p.A. (“UnipolRental”), a company controlled by UnipolSai.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
Upon completion of the merger, BPER will hold a 19.987% interest in the share capital of UnipolRental, with which it 
will enter into a long-term commercial agreement for the referral of customers to UnipolRental through BPER’s branch 
network. 
Creation of the Wealth Management & Asset Management hub: 
Planned enhancement of Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. as a specialized vehicle and pillar of excellence directly serving private 
customers, as well as an investment management and advisory center with the task of coordinating the various product 
factories focused on the WM business. This operation will maximize synergies between the distribution networks and 
the product companies of the Asset Management and Bancassurance Vita business. For further details see the “Recent 
Developments” section below. 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 31 March 2024 is as shown here below.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
SITUATION AS AT 31 MARCH 2024 
 
 
 
 
Key to the BPER Banca Group Structure: Group Banks – Other Financial companies – Real estate companies – Other companies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) Equivalent to 99.466% of the entire share capital 
consisting of ordinary and preference shares. 
The scope of consolidation also includes the following 
subsidiaries which are not included in the Banking Group, 
since they do not contribute directly to its activities. These 
companies are consolidated under the equity method 
Subsidiaries of the Parent Company: 
    - Adras S.p.A. (100%); 
    - Commerciale Piccapietra S.r.l. (100%); 
     
 
Indirect subsidiaries of BPER Banca, through Bper Reoco 
S.p.A.: 
    - Annia S.r.l. (100%); 
    - Sant'Anna Golf S.r.l. (100%). 
 
(b) Subsidiaries consolidated under the equity method. 
(c) Subsidiary company which is not included in the 
Banking Group since it does not contribute directly to its 
activities. 
 
St. Anna Gestione Golf Società Sportiva Dilettantistica 
s.r.l., a subsidiary of BPER REOCO through St. Anna 
Golf s.r.l., was excluded 
from the scope of 
consolidation as it was considered non-significant. 
  
20.522% 
 
Finitalia S.p.A. 
100.000% 
BPER Bank  
Luxembourg S.A. 
100.000% 
Banco di 
Sardegna S.p.A. 
100.000% 
(a) 
 
BPER Factor 
S.p.A. 
100.000% 
 
Arca Fondi S.p.A. 
SGR 100.000% 
Estense Covered 
Bond S.r.l. 
60.000% (b) 
Estense CPT 
Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
60.000% (b) 
BPER Trust 
 Company S.p.A. 
100.000% (b) 
Modena 
Terminal S.r.l. 
100.000% 
Sardaleasing 
S.p.A. 99.779% 
BibancaS.p.A. 
99.133% 
Banca Cesare 
Ponti S.p.A. 
100.000% 
BPER Real 
Estate S.p.A. 
100.000% 
Carige Covered 
Bond S.r.l. 
60.000% (b) 
Lanterna 
MortgageS.r.l. 
5.000% 
(b) 
Lanterna 
Finance S.r.l. 
5.000% 
(b) 
BPER REOCO 
S.p.A. 100.000% 
 
Arca Holding 
S.p.A. 
57.061% (c) 
46.933% 
25.313% 
78.611% 
52.846% 
74.687%

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
As at 31 March 2024, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di Sardegna. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
As at 31 March 2024, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.611 and 20.522 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares 
of Bibanca. 
Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. 
As at 31 March 2024, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banca Cesare Ponti.  
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
As at 31 March 2024, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the Chairperson). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Principal 
activities outside 
the Issuer 
Fabio Cerchiai 
Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
Chairperson 
of 
Federazione 
Banche 
Assicurazioni 
e 
Finanza (Febaf) 
Auditor 
of 
Associazione 
Bancaria Italiana 
(ABI) 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
Sole Director of 
FIN.SE. S.r.l. 
Antonio Cabras 
Deputy Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
Auditor 
of 
F2I 
SGR S.p.A. 
Auditor of Utopia 
SIS S.p.A. 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
- 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
-

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Principal 
activities outside 
the Issuer 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council 
of 
Luminor Holding 
S.A. 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council 
and 
President of the 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee 
of 
Luminor 
Bank 
S.A. 
Advisor 
of 
Fibonacci 
Bidco 
S.p.A. 
Advisor 
of 
Fibonacci Holdco 
S.p.A. 
Member 
of 
the 
Board of Advisor 
of 
Quantum 
Metric inc. 
Senior 
Advisor 
ofIgneo (formerly 
First 
Sentier 
Investors lld) 
Matteo Cordero di Montezemolo 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer, Managing 
Partner 
and 
Member 
of 
the 
Investments 
Committee 
of 
Charme 
Capital 
Partners 
SGR 
S.p.A. 
Sole Director of 
Emmediemme Tre 
S.r.l. 
Angela Maria Cossellu 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Managing Director 
of Bonelli Erede

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Principal 
activities outside 
the Issuer 
Lombardi 
Pappalardo 
– 
Studio 
Legale 
(BonelliErede) 
Independent 
Director 
of 
Esprinet S.p.A. 
Independent 
Director of Aon 
Italia s.r.l. 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
19/04/2024 
President of Banco 
di Sardegna S.p.A. 
Piercarlo Giuseppe Italo Gera 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Vice Precident and 
Member 
of 
Remuneration 
Commitee 
of 
Symbiotics Asset 
Management 
(Ginevra) 
Sole Director of 
Gera & Partners 
Andrea Mascetti 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
of Finlombarda 
Auditor of Proger 
S.p.A. 
Auditor of Proger 
Ingegneria S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor 
of 
Volvo 
Construction 
Equipment 
Italia 
S.p.A. 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
President 
of 
Società 
Gestione 
Aeroporto S.p.A. 
(SO.G.AER.) 
Chairman of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Auto

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Principal 
activities outside 
the Issuer 
Vendita Veicoli e 
Meccaniche S.p.A. 
- 
Autovamm 
S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor 
of 
Sardaeolica 
S.r.l. 
(Gruppo 
Saras) 
Statutory Auditor 
of 
Sarlux 
S.r.l. 
(Gruppo Saras) 
Sole Auditor of 
SarHelianto S.r.l. 
Stefano Rangone 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Vice President of 
Banca 
Cesare 
Ponti S.p.A. 
Auditor of Regolo 
S.r.l. 
Fulvio Solari 
Director 
19/04/2024 
- 
Elisa Valeriani 
Director 
23/06/2021 
- 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
Vice President of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (BPER 
Group) 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports is: 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports are referred to as Senior Executives. 
The Board of Directors is required under the BPER By-laws to meet monthly and at any other time when a meeting is convened by 
the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all the powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, except those which 
are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under the BPER By-laws.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee1, the Chief Executive Officer and the 
General Managers such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and operations as it shall consider appropriate. 
Administrative, management and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuer and the private interests and/or other duties concerning the members 
of the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior Executives, with the exception of those possibly 
relating to the transactions submitted to the competent corporate bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict 
compliance with the laws and regulations in force. 
The Bank has in place procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as amended and Bank of 
Italy Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and managing potential conflicts of interest that may 
arise from, among others, any activities of the members of the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as 
the Senior Executives outside of the Issuer, to ensure, where possible, that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and 
to guarantee that related party transactions are performed in compliance with all relevant requirements of law. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal document called “Group Policy 
for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of interest with related parties and risk towards related 
parties”, after obtaining the favorable opinion of the committee composed of independent Directors and the control body, in order 
to ensure, among other things, the transparency and substantial and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with 
associated parties and related parties. The aforementioned policy is published on BPER’s website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Bank, as well as the Senior 
Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to below, aimed at regulating cases in which the interests 
of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) 
article 53 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , which provides for the obligation of abstention for 
directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, without prejudice to the obligations under art. 
2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
(ii) article 136 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the adoption of a particular 
authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken unanimously with the exclusion of the vote of the 
representative concerned and with the favorable vote of all the members of the control body) in the event that a bank contracts 
obligations of any kind or carries out transactions, directly or indirectly, with those who carry out administration, management 
and control functions within the same bank; 
(iii) article 150 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, which states that directors are required to report to 
the board of statutory auditors on transactions in which they have an interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, or 
which are influenced by the person exercising the management and coordination activity; 
(iv) article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and the board of statutory auditors 
of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, they have in a specific company transaction, it being 
understood that, if the member of the board of the administration concerned is the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain 
from carrying out the transaction. In any case, the resolution of the board of directors must adequately justify the reasons and 
convenience for the company of the transaction; and 
(v)  article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the New Prudential Supervisory 
Provisions. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Principal activities 
outside the Issuer 
Angelo Maria Giudici 
 
Chairperson 
 
19/04/2024 
- 
Michele Rutigliano 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
19/04/2024 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
of 
Iren 
S.p.A. 
 
1 Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Principal activities 
outside the Issuer 
Statutory Auditor of 
Ireti S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Ireti Gas S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
MBDA Italia S.p.A. 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
- 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Garofalo 
Health Care S.p.A. – 
Raffaelle Garofalo & 
C. S.a.p.a. 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Garofalo 
Health 
Care 
Real 
Estate 
S.p.A. 
– 
Raffaelle Garofalo & 
C. S.a.p.a. 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer of Marley 
Asset Revalue S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Gruppo 
Veneto 
Diagnostica 
Riabilitazione S.r.l. – 
Raffaelle Garofalo & 
C. S.a.p.a. 
Member of the Board 
of 
Auditors 
of 
ANRA 
– 
Associazione 
Nazionale 
Risk 
Manager 
Member of the Board 
of 
Auditors 
of 
Formedil 
– 
Ente 
Nazionale 
per 
la 
Formazione 
e 
l’Addestramento 
Professionale 
in 
Edilizia 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
Statutory Auditor of 
Orizzonti 2 S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Società 
per 
l’ecologia 
e

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Principal activities 
outside the Issuer 
l’ambiente SECAM 
S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
RE View società tra 
professionisti S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
ATAM S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Matri S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Norfin S.p.A. 
Sole 
Auditor 
of 
Colombo e Associati 
S.r.l. 
Auditor 
of  
Immobiliare 
Alligatore S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Immobiliare Percassi 
S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor of 
Augusta 
Holding 
S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of 
P. 
& 
P. 
Italia 
Promotional Project 
S.r.l. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Bioase S.r.l. 
Sole 
Auditor 
of 
Finredi S.r.l. 
Auditor of Mercurio 
S.p.A. 
Auditor of Nibaspa 
S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of La 
Drizza S.r.l. 
Sole 
Auditor 
of 
Angel 
Capital 
Management S.p.A. 
Auditor of Tre Gigli 
S.p.A.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Principal activities 
outside the Issuer 
Statutory Auditor of 
SIAS S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of 
Segno 14 S.r.l. 
Member of the Audit 
Committee of A.I.L. 
Milano OdV 
Member of the Audit 
Committee 
of 
Muindi Onlus 
Director of Metodo 
S.r.l. 
Shareholders 
As at 10 July 2024 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows: 
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
19.9 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.2 
Norges Bank 
4.8 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
3.6 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody's: 
Short-Term Bank Deposit Rating: P-2; 
Long-Term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa1 with "stable" outlook; 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment ("BCA"): baa3; 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Senior Non-Preferred Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba1 with "stable" outlook. 
Fitch: 
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating: BBB- with "stable" outlook; 
Short-Term Issuer Default Rating: F3;

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
Viability Rating: bbb-; 
Long-Term Senior Preferred Rating: BBB-; 
Long-Term Senior Non-Preferred Rating: BB+; 
Subordinated Debt: BB; 
Long-Term Deposit Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Deposit Rating: F3. 
S&P: 
Stand Alone Credit Profile: BBB-; 
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating: A-3; 
Long-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: A-2; 
Outlook: Positive. 
DBRS: 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: BBB with "positive" outlook; 
Short-Term Issuer Rating: R-2 (high) with "positive" outlook; 
Long-Term Senior Debt: BBB with "positive" outlook; 
Short-Term Debt: R-2 (high) with "positive" outlook; 
Senior Non-Preferred Debt: BBB (low) with "positive" outlook; 
Subordinated Debt: BB (high) with "positive" outlook; 
Long-Term Deposits: BBB (high) with "stable" outlook; 
Short-Term Deposits: R-1 (low) with "stable" outlook. 
Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch"), S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Moody's, Fitch, S&P and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Overview 
The BPER Group operates mainly in the traditional banking sector, such as loans and deposits and providing credit to customers 
who are mainly represented by households and small and medium-sized businesses, through the Parent Company which operates 
throughout the country whilst Banco di Sardegna operates mainly in Sardinia. 
Through a network of companies, the Group offers a wide range of services to its customers in Corporate and Investment Banking, 
Private Banking and Wealth Management, as well as a series of financial products including leasing and factoring. 
As at 31 March 2024, net interest income comes to Euro 0,844 million (Euro 3,252 million as at 31 December 2023).

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
Customer macro-segments 
Retail  
The products and services developed in 2023 and 2024 have been continuing to provide a response to the needs of the community, 
households and businesses.  
In 2023 and 2024 BPER continued to review and strengthen the BPER Group’s commercial offer by rationalising existing proposals 
and marketing new products and services. 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
The private banking service of the BPER Group has continued to develop in qualitative and quantitative terms, with a view to 
becoming the principal banking provider of global wealth advice for the most advanced customers. 
Corporate 
Corporate customers have been taken care of by BPER employees visiting them and making sales proposals based on their specific 
needs, such as for medium to long-term financial support, in certain cases linked to international projects that Italian companies 
have put in place to offset the decline in domestic demand. 
BPER’s offer of financial products consists of Corporate Finance, Acquisition Finance, Project Finance (renewables, conventional 
energy and infrastructure) and Shipping Finance services. BPER continues offering expert advice to Corporate customers of the 
Group in the fields of Merger and Acquisition, Corporate and Institutional Advisory and IPOs. 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 March 2024, the Group’s network consisted of 1,635 branches located throughout the country, as well as a branch office in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 140,069,079 thousand. 
At 31 December 2023, the Group’s network consisted of 1,635 branches located throughout the country, as well as a branch office 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 142,128,359 thousand.  
As at 30 June 2023 the BPER Group’s network consists of 1,759 branches throughout the country, as well as a branch office in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 143,092,178 thousand. 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The following table shows, as at 31 March 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s employees. 
Employees 
31.03.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
 
16,799 
 17,622 
 
(823) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
30 
 
29 
 
1 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
218 
 
217 
 
1 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
1,880 
 
1,931 
 
(51) 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
 
581 
 
76 
 
505 
Total banks  
 
19,508 
 19,875 
 
(367) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
342 
 
349 
 
(7) 
Balance sheet total 
 
19,850 
 20,224 
 
(374) 
 
The following table shows, as at 31 March 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
Branches 
31.03.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
 
1,347 
 
1,347 
 
- 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
286 
 
286 
 
- 
3. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
 
2 
 
2 
 
- 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,635 
 
1,635 
 
-

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
4. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
 
- 
Total  
 
1,636 
 
1,636 
 
- 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
For greater clarity, the most important balance sheet aggregates and captions, as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 of 
the accounting schedules envisaged by the 8th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262/2005, are presented below on a reclassified 
and comparative basis. For further information in such regard, please refer to the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial 
statements as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
2023   
2022 
Net Interest income 
3,251,817   
1,825,893 
Net commission income 
2,010,426   
1,942,080 
Other operating expense / income 
100,737   
328,532 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042   
139,722 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324)   
(2,787,766) 
Profit (loss) from current operations before 
tax 
1,724,643   
1,499,644 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769   
1,473,880 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the 
Parent Company 
1,519,496   
1,448,975 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
2023   
2022 
Net Loans to customer 
88,224,354 
 
91,174,835 
              - of which net bad loans 
174,589 
  
220,917 
Net interbank position 
3,183,816 
  
(5,942,085) 
Financial assets 
28,600,425 
  
30,665,767 
Total assets 
142,128,359 
  
152,302,794 
Direct deposits 
118,766,662 
  
114,831,032 
Indirect deposits 
149,021,241 
 
138,875,198 
              - of which managed 
65,244,865 
 
60,597,120 
    - of which administered 
83,776,376 
  
78,278,078 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
2023   
2022 
Net cash flow from (used in) operations 
(3,419,544) 
  
12,793,995 
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment 
activities 
(314,078) 
  
(17,069) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding 
activities 
(178,373) 
  
(85,502) 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents during the year 
(3,911,995) 
  
12,691,424 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 as previously published 
on the relevant annual report on operations. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. Investors should not place 
any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider these measures as (a) an alternative to operating 
income or net income as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or as measures of operating

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
performance; (b) an alternative to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles), or as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to any 
other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are not indicative of BPER Group’s 
historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative of future results. These measures are used by management to monitor 
the underlying performance of the business and the operations. Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical 
manner, BPER Group’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, investors 
should not place undue reliance on this data. 
Performance ratios2  
Financial ratios 
31.12.2023 
2022 (*) 
 
 
 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
62.07% 
59.86% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
74.28% 
79.40% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.12% 
20.13% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.44% 
3.20% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.18% 
1.41% 
Texas Ratio 
21.82% 
32.29% 
 
 
 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE 
24.15% 
7.94% 
ROTE  
23.94% 
8.30% 
ROA  
1.24% 
0.35% 
Cost to income ratio 
56.01% 
65.47% 
Cost of credit  
0.48% 
0.64% 
 
 
(*) The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 
31 December 2022. 
 
The Texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority interests) plus 
impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
 
ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year (only recurring component of Euro 1,731.1 million) on average shareholders’ 
equity of Group not including net profit. 
 
ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the net profit for the year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 1,731.1 
million) and the Group’s average shareholders’ equity i) including net profit for the year (solely the recurring component amounting 
to Euro 1,731.1 million) stripped of the portion allocated to dividends and ii) excluding intangible assets and equity instruments.  
 
ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year including net profit pertaining to minority interests (only recurring component of 
Euro 1,763.6 million) on total assets. 
 
The Cost to income ratio is calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating income); when 
calculated on the basis of the schedules provided by the 8th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio is at 
59.34% (73.17% at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ending 31 December 2022). 
 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers as at 31 December 
2023. 
 
 
2 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance measures", aimed at promoting the 
usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses or documents containing regulated information. To construct ratios, 
reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement captions of the reclassified statements providing an operational management view.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
31.12.2023 
2022 (*) 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1)  
14.46% 
12.04% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio)  
14.74% 
12.32% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio)  
18.06% 
15.65% 
Leverage ratio  
5.5% 
4.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
160.9% 
195.3% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
128.4% 
127.3% 
 
 
(*) The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 
31 December 2022. 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
Loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the loans of the BPER Group (after 
provisions have been made). 
  
(in thousands)   
Items  
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
Current accounts 
5,453,933 
5,482,779 
(28,846) 
-0.53 
Mortgage loans 
62,120,911 
62,952,434 
(831,523) 
-1.32 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
4,254 
(4,254) 
-100.00 
Leases and factoring 
5,134,789 
5,051,671 
83,118 
1.65 
Other transactions 
15,514,721 
17,683,697 
(2,168,976) 
-12.27 
Net loans to customers 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,224.4 million (Euro 91,174.8 million at 31 December 2022), down by Euro 
2,950.5 million compared to 31 December 2022. In terms of the various technical forms, the reduction of mortgages totalled Euro -
831.5 million (-1.32%), Euro -28.8 million (-0.53%) on current accounts and Euro -2,169.0 million (-12.27%) on other transactions, 
the latter due primarily to the reduction of stage one and stage two  Other loans of BPER Banca attributable primarily tosubject to 
collection advances, deposits at Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, in addition to other subsidies totalling Euro 2,041.3 million. The reduction 
in loans to businesses and households is primarily reflective of the slowdown in demand due to increased interest rates and the 
increased perception of uncertainty in the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario.

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Items  
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
 2,197,089 
 2,991,445 
(794,356) 
-26.55 
Bad loans 
 
632,013 
 
961,093 
(329,080) 
-34.24 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
 1,353,554 
 1,871,880 
(518,326) 
-27.69 
Past due loans 
 
211,522 
 
158,472 
53,050 
33.48 
Gross performing exposures 
 87,834,438 
 90,589,650 
(2,755,212) 
-3.04 
Total gross exposure 
 90,031,527 
 93,581,095 
(3,549,568) 
-3.79 
Impairment losses on non-performing exposures 
 1,153,879 
 1,706,790 
(552,911) 
-32.39 
Bad loans 
 
457,424 
 
740,176 
(282,752) 
-38.20 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
 
638,689 
 
916,779 
(278,090) 
-30.33 
Past due loans 
 
57,766 
 
49,835 
7,931 
15.91 
Impairment losses on performing exposures 
 
653,294 
 
699,470 
(46,176) 
-6.60 
Total impairment losses 
 1,807,173 
 2,406,260 
(599,087) 
-24.90 
Net non-performing exposures 
 1,043,210 
 1,284,655 
(241,445) 
-18.79 
Bad loans 
 
174,589 
 
220,917 
(46,328) 
-20.97 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
 
714,865 
 
955,101 
(240,236) 
-25.15 
Past due loans 
 
153,756 
 
108,637 
45,119 
41.53 
Net performing exposures 
 87,181,144 
 89,890,180 
(2,709,036) 
-3.01 
Total net exposure 
 88,224,354 
 91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
 
At 31 December 2023, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,153.9 million (Euro 1,706.8 million at 
31 December 2022; -32.39%), for a coverage ratio of 52.52% (57.06% at 31 December 2022), while the provisions for performing 
loans amounted to Euro 653.3 million (Euro 699.5 million at 31 December 2022; -6.60%) and give a coverage ratio of to 0.74% 
(0.77% at 31 December 2022). 
Therefore, the overall level of credit coverage came to 2.01%, down compared to 2.57% as at 31 December 2022 as a result of the 
measures taken on the non-performing portfolio, as described in more detail below. 
  
(in thousands)  
Loans to customers 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
change  
% Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
78,414,497 77,018,983 82,120,863 80,376,740 
-4.51 
-4.18 
1.78 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
320,045 
313,955 
212,805 
207,092 
50.39 
51.60 
1.90 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
3,100,919 
3,053,192 
12.12 
12.40 
1.29 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
7,317,602 
7,021,175 
-4.15 
-1.63 
1.52 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
39,932 
39,678 
43,128 
42,900 
-7.41 
-7.51 
0.64 
Total banks 
89,265,019 87,711,570 92,795,317 90,701,099 
-3.80 
-3.30 
1.74 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
3,659,519 
3,385,856 
-8.03 
-6.96 
6.40 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
1,948,903 
1,922,148 
12.38 
12.40 
1.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
470,076 
461,403 
653,101 
641,477 
-28.02 
-28.07 
1.85 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
271 
271 
263 
263 
3.04 
3.04 
- 
Other companies and 
(5,259,513) (5,259,513) (5,476,008) (5,476,008) 
-3.95 
-3.95 
- 
Balance sheet total 
90,031,527 88,224,354 93,581,095 91,174,835 
-3.79 
-3.24 
2.01 
 
  
   
(in thousands)  
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
%  
Gross 
change  
% Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
1,695,781 
854,646 2,179,899 1,017,486 
-22.21 
-16.00 
49.60 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
7,910 
2,583 
9,540 
4,402 
-17.09 
-41.32 
67.35 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
65,018 
36,363 
58,166 
28,853 
11.78 
26.03 
44.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
128,821 
65,352 
328,032 
86,098 
-60.73 
-24.10 
49.27 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
626 
455 
567 
407 
10.41 
11.79 
27.32 
Total banks 
1,898,156 
959,399 2,576,204 1,137,246 
-26.32 
-15.64 
49.46

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
247,152 
61,743 
363,043 
123,902 
-31.92 
-50.17 
75.02 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
44,835 
19,522 
42,474 
20,036 
5.56 
-2.57 
56.46 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,946 
2,546 
9,724 
3,471 
-28.57 
-26.65 
63.35 
Balance sheet total  
2,197,089 1,043,210 2,991,445 1,284,655 
-26.55 
-18.79 
52.52 
Non-performing loans (balance 
sheet total)/Loans to customers 
2.44% 
1.18% 
3.20% 
1.41% 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,043.2 million (-18.79% on 31 December 2022), equal to 1.18% of total net loans to 
customers (1.41% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-performing loans to loans to customers is 2.44% 
(3.20% at 31 December 2022).  
The coverage of non-performing loans of 52.52% has decreased compared with 31 December 2022 (57.06%). As stated, the decrease 
in the average coverage of non-performing loans is mainly due to the disposals made during the year (notably UTPs) and the partial 
write-off of Euro 335 million of bad loans.  
  
(in thousands)  
Bad loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
%  
Gross 
change  
%  
Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
404,839 
138,964 
453,215 
120,126 
-10.67 
15.68 
65.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
1,683 
13 
430 
- 
291.40 
n.s. 
99.23 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
6,023 
1,654 
15,445 
2,773 
-61.00 
-40.35 
72.54 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
25,258 
7,455 
210,965 
35,961 
-88.03 
-79.27 
70.48 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
9 
3 
163 
81 
-94.48 
-96.30 
66.67 
Total banks 
437,812 
148,089 
680,218 
158,941 
-35.64 
-6.83 
66.18 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
167,158 
22,443 
252,746 
56,907 
-33.86 
-60.56 
86.57 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
24,267 
3,289 
23,632 
3,834 
2.69 
-14.21 
86.45 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,776 
768 
4,497 
1,235 
-38.27 
-37.81 
72.33 
Balance sheet total 
632,013 
174,589 
961,093 
220,917 
-34.24 
-20.97 
72.38 
Bad loans (Balance sheet 
total)/Loans to customers 
0.70% 
0.20% 
1.03% 
0.24% 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 174.6 million (-20.97% compared with 31 December 2022), accounting for 0.20% of total net loans 
to customers (0.24% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the bad loans on total loans to customers ratio comes to 
0.70% (1.03% at 31 December 2022). 
The level of coverage of bad loans is 72.38% (77.01% at 31 December 2022). In addition to the partial write-offs already outlined 
(made by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca), the reduction in bad loans of the subsidiaries Banco di Sardegna and 
Sardaleasing is mainly attributable to disposals on the market, amounting to Euro 125.1 million and Euro 37.5 million, respectively,   
 
  
(in thousands)  
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
%  
Gross 
change  
% Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
1,171,617 
623,658 1,629,038 
830,228 
-28.08 
-24.88 
46.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
5,837 
2,287 
7,445 
3,223 
-21.60 
-29.04 
60.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
28,406 
15,803 
13,243 
8,274 114.50 
91.00 
44.37 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
83,072 
42,740 
99,489 
37,152 
-16.50 
15.04 
48.55 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
450 
317 
404 
326 
11.39 
-2.76 
29.56 
Total banks 
1,289,382 
684,805 1,749,619 
879,203 
-26.30 
-22.11 
46.89 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
54,487 
25,732 
100,363 
58,951 
-45.71 
-56.35 
52.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,741 
3,212 
18,182 
15,581 
-62.92 
-79.39 
52.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,944 
1,116 
3,716 
1,366 
-20.78 
-18.30 
62.09 
Balance sheet total 
1,353,554 
714,865 1,871,880 
955,101 
-27.69 
-25.15 
47.19 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
1.50% 
0.81% 
2.00% 
1.05% 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 714.9 million (-25.15% compared with 31 December 2022), representing 0.81% of total net 
loans to customers (1.05% at 31 December 2022), while on a gross basis the ratio is 1.50% (2.00% at 31 December 2022).

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to 47.19%, compared with 48.98% as at 31 December 2022, due to the disposals 
completed during the year. In addition to the disposals related to the framework agreement entered into with Gardant and AMCO 
(Euro 900 million), BPER Banca disposed of single name UTPs of Euro 175.6 million, while the subsidiary Sardaleasing made 
disposals of Euro 39.6 million. 
  
(in thousands)  
Past due loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
%  
Gross 
change  
% Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
119,325 
92,024 
97,646 
67,132 
22.20 
37.08 
22.88 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
390 
283 
1,665 
1,179 
-76.58 
-76.00 
27.44 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
30,589 
18,906 
29,478 
17,806 
3.77 
6.18 
38.19 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
20,491 
15,157 
17,578 
12,985 
16.57 
16.73 
26.03 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
167 
135 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
19.16 
Total banks 
170,962 
126,505 
146,367 
99,102 
16.80 
27.65 
26.00 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
25,507 
13,568 
9,934 
8,044 156.76 
68.67 
46.81 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
13,827 
13,021 
660 
621 
-- 
-- 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,226 
662 
1,511 
870 
-18.86 
-23.91 
46.00 
Balance sheet total   
211,522 
153,756 
158,472 
108,637 
33.48 
41.53 
27.31 
Past due loans/Loans to customers 
0.23% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.12% 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 153.8 million (+41.53% compared with 31 December 2022) represents 0.17% of total net 
loans to customers (0.12% at 31 December 2022), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 
0.23% (0.17% at 31 December 2022).  
The coverage of past due loans is 27.31% (31.45% at 31 December 2022). 
 
 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of economic activity: 
 
(in thousands)  
Distribution of loans  
31.12.2023 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,008,449 
1.14 
B. Mining and quarrying 
70,913 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
13,075,134 
14.82 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,379 
1.16 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
788,773 
0.89 
F. Construction 
2,981,804 
3.38 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
7,145,301 
8.10 
H. Transport and storage 
1,445,828 
1.64 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,690,069 
1.92 
J. Information and communication 
1,108,040 
1.26 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
223,827 
0.25 
L. Real estate 
3,871,542 
4.39 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,608,378 
2.96 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,261,397 
1.43 
P. Education 
51,730 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
583,681 
0.66 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
193,290 
0.22 
S. Other services 
805,117 
0.90 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,933,652 
45.26 
Individuals and other not included above 
41,454,207 
46.99 
Financial companies 
4,021,084 
4.56 
Insurance 
97,349 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,718,062 
3.08 
Total loans 
88,224,354 
100.00

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the net interbank position of the BPER 
Group. 
 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
A. Loans to banks 
10,938,266 
16,058,404 
(5,120,138) 
-31.88 
- Loans 
1,661,081 
2,885,583 
(1,224,502) 
-42.44 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
76,611 
234,376 
(157,765) 
-67.31 
2. Repurchase agreements 
302,711 
358,702 
(55,991) 
-15.61 
3. Compulsory reserve 
1,036,703 
1,347,747 
(311,044) 
-23.08 
4. Other 
245,056 
944,758 
(699,702) 
-74.06 
- Current accounts and demand deposits 
9,277,185 
13,172,821 
(3,895,636) 
-29.57 
1. with Central Banks 
8,155,778 
12,706,014 
(4,550,236) 
-35.81 
2. with Banks  
1,121,407 
466,807 
654,600 
140.23 
B. Due to banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 (14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Total (A-B) 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
9,125,901 
-153.58 
 
 
The net interbank position as at 31 December 2023 improved by Euro 9,125.9 million compared to 31 December 2022. As at 31 
December 2023, investments decreased in “overnight” deposits at Central Banks which, as at 31 December 2023, amounted to Euro 
8,155.8 million (-35.81% compared to 31 December 2022) due to lower cash and cash equivalents to be invested as a result of 
repayments at maturity of three tranches of TLTRO. 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table gives full details of the operations in place with the ECB as at 31 December 2023. 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing operations with the European Central Bank 
Currency 
Principal 
Maturity 
Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) - BPER 
Banca 
eur 
 1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
 
 1,670 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the BPER Group had TLTRO III loans outstanding for an amount of Euro 1,670 million. 
On 29 March 2023, the auction with value date 25 March 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 800 million. 
On 28 June 2023, the auction with value date 24 June 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 9,700 million. 
On 27 September 2023, the auction with value date 30 September 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 3,710 
million. 
 
At 31 December 2023, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing at the European 
Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 30,100 million (Euro 33,512 million at 30 September 2023). The 
unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,513 million (Euro 22,659 million at 30 September 2023). Of the amount held in the 
Treasury, as at 31 December 2023, a total of Euro 8,430 million, refinanced for Euro 1,705 million, therefore with Euro 6,725 
million still available, is attributable to the Pooling account (as at 30 September 2023 securities eligible for refinancing totalling 
Euro 11,227 million were held in the Pooling Account, refinanced for Euro 1,688 million, therefore with Euro 9,539 million still 
available). 
Funding 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the funding position of the BPER 
Group.

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Items  
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
94,485,148 102,489,461 
(8,004,313) 
-7.81 
Time deposits 
3,342,264 
1,221,563 
2,120,701 
173.61 
Repurchase agreements 
2,087,467 
- 
2,087,467 
n.s. 
Lease liabilities 
313,188 
349,651 
(36,463) 
-10.43 
Other short-term loans 
4,626,485 
3,354,268 
1,272,217 
37.93 
Bonds 
11,163,577 
6,307,775 
4,855,802 
76.98 
 - subscribed for by institutional customers 
10,528,372 
5,983,336 
4,545,036 
75.96 
 - subscribed for by ordinary customers 
635,205 
324,439 
310,766 
95.79 
Certificates 
2,009,641 
879,198 
1,130,443 
128.58 
Certificates of deposit 
738,892 
229,116 
509,776 
222.50 
Direct deposits from customers  
118,766,662 114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
149,021,241 138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
 - of which under management 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
4,647,745 
7.67 
 - of which under administration 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
5,498,298 
7.02 
Customer funds under administration  
267,787,903 253,706,230 
14,081,673 
5.55 
Deposits from banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Funds under administration or management 
275,542,353 275,706,719 
(164,366) 
-0.06 
 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 118,766.7 million have increased by 3.43% since 31 December 2022. 
Among the various technical forms, the main item to record a negative balance change was current accounts and demand deposits, 
with Euro -8,004.3 million (-7.81%), which was more than offset by the increase in fixed-term forms of funding: time deposits of 
Euro 2,120.7 million, repurchase agreements of Euro 2,087.5 million, bonds of Euro 4,855.8 million (+76.98%), the latter as a result 
of new BPER Banca 2023 bond issues for institutional customers, and certificates for an amount of Euro 1,130.4 (+128.58%). 
Indirect deposits, marked to market, amount to Euro 149,021.2 million, up by Euro 10,146.0 million (7.31%) compared to 31 
December 2022, given the positive effect on market prices. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 7,754.5 million) amount to 
Euro 275,542.4 million. 
  
(in thousands)  
Direct deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
106,131,423 
102,208,104 
3,923,319 
3.84 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
422,804 
 
603,465 
(180,661) 
-29.94 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
264,124 
 
262,666 
1,458 
0.56 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 11,964,113 
 11,741,914 
222,199 
1.89 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
 
257,834 
 
289,381 
(31,547) 
-10.90 
Total banks 
119,040,298 
115,105,530 
 3,934,768 
3.42 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
 (273,636) 
 (274,498) 
862 
-0.31 
Total  
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
 
Direct funding includes subordinated liabilities: 
 
(in thousands)  
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 1,681,160 
 1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
 1,681,160 
 1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
 
 
The subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,681.2 million, have increased by 2.09% compared with 31 
December 2022. As was the case in December 2022, there are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes % Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a.  
 127,758,364 
120,395,078 
7,363,286 
6.12 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
1,589,947 
 1,623,374 
(33,427) 
-2.06 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
5,385,331 
 4,444,970 
940,361 
21.16 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
 
1,023,505 
 
915,096 
108,409 
11.85 
Total banks 
 135,757,147 
127,378,518 
8,378,629 
6.58 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
 36,930,675 
 31,804,032 
5,126,643 
16.12 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
 (23,666,581) 
(20,307,352) 
(3,359,229) 
16.54 
Total  
 149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment companies contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and in the 2013/36/EU 
Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union the next day, entered into 
force on 1 January 2014.  
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council (“CRR2”) and Directive 
2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV) of 20 May 2019, published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the CRR2 Regulation applies from 28 June 2021. 
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the Member States of the 
European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy's Circular 285, published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent 
updates.  
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting purposes: companies excluded are 
treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to significant influence and consolidated under the equity method. 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission has published a proposal which transposes into the CRR (CRR3) and CRD (CRD6) the standards 
approved by the Basel Committee at the end of 2017, with specific reference to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market and 
operational) and the so called “output floor”. It also contains references on the issue of climate risks and the approach that banks and 
supervisors will have to take. The Commission’s proposal pursues three main objectives: (further strengthening the resilience of the 
European banking system, respecting the principle of proportionality and taking into account the specificities already contained in the 
existing rules; (contributing to the “green transition”; (making supervisory powers more effective, also in light of recent financial 
scandals recorded in some countries. EU Regulation 2024/1623 (CRR3, amending CRR) and EU Directive 2024/1619 (CRD6, 
amending CRD IV Directive) were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 19 June 2024 and entered on 19 June 
2024. EU Regulation 2024/1623 and EU Directive 2024/1619 entered into force on 9 July 2024. EU Regulation 2024/1623 shall apply 
from 1st January 2025 (with some exceptions). As for EU Directive 2024/1619, Member States will need to adopt and publish, by 10 
January 2026, the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD VI, and shall apply those measures 
from 11 January 2026 (with some exceptions). 
As at 31 December 2023, the BPER Group had internal models in use for measuring the capital requirements relating to the credit risk 
represented by both business and retail customers. The perimeter included: 
• BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca (ECB authorisation of 24 June 2016); 
• Banca Carige and subsidiaries (approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company on 7 July 2022 and subsequently 
transmitted to the ECB); 
• former Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo, former UBI Banca and former Unipol Banca (ECB authorisation of 16 February 2023 and 
of 29 June 2023)3. 
In relation to the Internal Rating System, through the Final Decision issued as a result of its latest Internal Model Investigation in 
February 2023, the ECB issued its authorisation of material model changes to the internal models and the extension of the IRB models 
to former Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo and former UBI Banca exposures. 
The new internal rating system has been in use since the supervisory reports as of 31 March 2023 and for management purposes since 
 
3 The former Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo and former UBI Banca exposures fall under the new system starting from the Supervisory Reports as of 31 March 2023; the former Unipol 
exposures fall under the Supervisory Reports of 30 June 2023.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
May 2023; as for former Unipol Banca exposures, it has been in use since the supervisory reports as at 30 June 2023. 
The other BPER Group companies and asset classes not included in the roll-out plan will continue to use the Standardised Approach. 
On 24 January 2022, after completion of the annual Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process for 2021, BPER Banca received its 
SREP Letter from the ECB. On 31 August 2022, in light of the acquisition of Banca Carige, the European Central Bank notified BPER 
Banca of its updated decision on the prudential requirements to be complied with on a consolidated basis, pursuant to art. 16 of 
Regulation (EU) n. 1024/2013. Finally, on 9 December 2022, as a result of the “pragmatic approach for SREP 2022” adopted by the 
ECB following the acquisition of the Carige Group, BPER Banca received an additional letter which confirmed the validity of the 
content of the SREP Letter of 24 January 2022 and the associated amendment of 31 August 2022, in particular with reference to the 
minimum capital requirements to be complied with. 
As at 31 December 2023, BPER Banca had to maintain a minimum consolidated capital ratio in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 of 
8.38%, consisting of the sum of the minimum regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement of 1.38% 
4and the Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%. 
This requirement is also influenced by the additional Countercyclical Capital Buffer requirement specified for the BPER Banca Group 
of 0.0385% at 31 December 2023, for an overall minimum requirement to be complied with of 8.42%. 
With respect to said limit, the amount of available equity (Fully Phased-in CET1) as at 31 December 2023 is quantified at Euro 3,233 
million (roughly 604 b.p. of CET1). 
With regard to the above, the amount calculated for CET1 at 31 December 2023 includes the portion of profit for the period allocable 
to equity, Euro 1,094.7 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged in art. 3 of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 
4 February 2015 and art. 26, paragraph 2 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) for its inclusion. 
It should further be noted that the results of the BPER Group as at 31 December 2023 are not affected by any charges related to the 
"Extraordinary tax on the increase in net interest income", as provided for by Legislative Decree No. 104/2023, converted with 
amendments into Law No. 136 of 9 October 2023. In accordance with the provisions of the law, the Board of Directors of BPER Banca 
resolved to preliminarily exercise the option under Article 26, paragraph 5-bis of the Decree and, therefore, to submit a proposal to the 
Shareholders’ Meeting called to approved the financial statements as at 31 December 2023 to book part of the 2023 profit, for an 
amount of Euro 289.2 million, to a non-distributable reserve. At the behest of the Parent Company, a similar position was adopted by 
the subsidiary banks concerned by the provision (Banco di Sardegna, Bibanca and Banca Cesare Ponti), with the subsequent allocation 
of Euro 315.4 million to a non-distributable reserve at BPER Banca Group level, corresponding to 2.5 times the amount of the tax of 
Euro 126.2 million. Only in the event that this reserve is used for distribution to shareholders, will the extraordinary tax under article 
26, plus interest per annum for an amount equal to the annual interest rate on deposits with the European Central Bank, become payable 
by the Group. 
 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements for regulatory purposes 
as at 31 December 2023.  
 
(in thousands)  
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2022 
Fully Phased 
Change 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital - CET1 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
1,356,308 
21.26 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
150,352 
150,435 
(83) 
-0.06 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
7,886,655 
6,530,430 
1,356,225 
20.77 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 - T2) 
1,777,200 
1,761,978 
15,222 
0.86 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
1,371,447 
16.54 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
512,521 
0.97 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
+242 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
+242 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
+241 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
37.64% 
34.79% 
+285 bps 
 
 
 
4 The Pillar 2 additional own funds requirement is 2.45% (including NPE P2R add-on equal to 0.20%) to be held in the form of 56.25% of CET1 capital and 75% of Tier 1 capital, as a 
minimum.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
The capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 were as follows: 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.46% (12.04% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.74% (12.32% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 18.06% (15.65% as at 31 December 2022). 
Note that the BPER Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are summarised below: 
• credit risk: for Group entities represented by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, credit risk measurement is performed 
using the AIRB approach. For Banks and other Companies that are not in the scope of validation and for other risk assets not 
included in the validated models, the standardised approach has been maintained; 
• credit adjustment risk - the standardised approach is used;  
• market risk - the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk on equities, general risk on debt 
securities and positioning risk for units in investment funds) to determine the related separate and consolidated capital requirement; 
• operational risk - operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA).  
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2023 compared with 31 December 2022.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
(in thousands) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
1,425,924 
78.09 
40+50 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
68,346 
3.52 
70 
Dividends 
30,884 
22,124 
8,760 
39.60 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
(39,680) 
-28.40 
230  
Other operating expense / income 
100,737 
328,532 
(227,795) 
-69.34 
Operating income 
5,493,906 
4,258,351 
1,235,555 
29.01 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,980,567) 
(1,682,286) 
(298,281) 
17.73 
190 b)  
Other administrative expenses 
(833,193) 
(877,808) 
44,615 
-5.08 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets 
(263,564) 
(227,672) 
(35,892) 
15.76 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
(289,558) 
10.39 
Net operating income 
2,416,582 
1,470,585 
945,997 
64.33 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at 
amortised cost 
(436,261) 
(606,059) 
169,798 
-28.02 
- loans to customers 
(425,583) 
(582,815) 
157,232 
-26.98 
- other financial assets 
(10,678) 
(23,244) 
12,566 
-54.06 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair 
value 
(57) 
(442) 
385 
-87.10 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications 
without derecognition 
3,006 
(139) 
3,145 
-- 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(433,312) 
(606,640) 
173,328 
-28.57 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(62,481) 
(132,256) 
69,775 
-52.76 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF - VS 
(161,241) 
(172,423) 
11,182 
-6.49 
250+260+270+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
(34,905) 
(7,745) 
(27,160) 
350.68 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
948,123 
(948,123) 
-100.00 
290 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before 
tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
224,999 
15.00 
300 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
(172,874) 
(25,764) 
(147,110) 
570.99 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
77,889 
5.28 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority 
interests 
(32,273) 
(24,905) 
(7,368) 
29.58 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the 
Parent Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
70,521 
4.87 
Identification of risks, underlying uncertainties and the approach to manage them  
The BPER Group identifies the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) as a tool for overseeing the risk profile that the Group intends 
to take in the implementation of its business strategies, considering it as an essential element to ensure that the risk governance 
policy and process by which risks are managed comply with the principles of sound and prudent business management. The RAF 
provides the frame of reference that, in line with the maximum acceptable risk, defines the business model and strategic plan, risk 
appetite, tolerance thresholds, risk limits, risk management policies and the key processes needed to define and implement them. 
The key principles of the RAF are formalised and approved by the Parent Company, which periodically reviews them, ensuring that 
they are in line with the strategic guidelines, business model and regulatory requirements in force at any given time. The RAF is a 
coordinated set of methodologies, processes, policies, controls and systems that make it possible to establish, communicate and 
monitor the Group’s risk appetite. In line with the regulatory guidelines5, the Group adopts mechanisms aimed at allowing effective 
integration of the risk appetite with management activities. In particular, the Group consistently reconciles its RAF, business model, 
strategic plan, Capital, Funding and NPE Plan, ICAAP, ILAAP and budget. 
The Group periodically monitors the overall RAF metrics, in order to control on a timely basis any overruns of the tolerance 
thresholds identified and/or risk limits and, if appropriate, triggers the escalation processes by addressing the necessary 
communications to the Corporate Bodies and subsequent remedial actions. 
 
5 See Banca d’Italia Circular No. 285/2013

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
The BPER Group defines as risk propensity the values of the risk objectives (Risk Appetite), of any Early Warning thresholds, of 
the tolerance thresholds (Risk Tolerance) and of the exposure limits (Risk Limits) set in order to ensure, in any case, that the Group 
has suffcient margins to operate, including under stress conditions, within the maximum risk than can be assumed (Risk Capacity). 
 
RAF management includes the following activities: 
• 
identification of the risks to be evaluated that may have significant impacts on the economic, financial and equity equilibrium 
of the Group (the “Group Risk Map”); 
• 
identification of the elements through which the Group expresses its risk appetite level to achieve its strategic objectives 
(areas of analysis, metrics and risks for which it is considered appropriate to define qualitative guidelines to oversee their 
monitoring); 
• 
definition of threshold calibration and quantification rules; 
• 
formalisation of decisions taken in the RAF (Risk Appetite Statement) domain; 
• 
checking the trends in the actual RAF parameters (risk profile) at Group level with respect to the established risk appetite; 
• 
preparation of periodic reporting aimed at providing, on a quarterly basis, a summary overview of the evolution of the actual 
risk values with respect to the thresholds defined. 
To ensure the implementation and in compliance with prudential supervisory regulations (Bank of Italy Circular 285 of 17 December 
2013 and subsequent updates), the BPER Group periodically performs an accurate identification of the risks to which it is or could 
be exposed by taking account of its operations and reference markets. 
This activity is the result of an integrated and ongoing recognition process carried out centrally by the Parent Company, which also 
envisages (if deemed necessary in relation to any developments and/or changes in the business model) the involvement of the 
individual legal entities included in the Group’s scope of consolidation, in order to enhance their role in relation to individual and 
specific operational features. In this regard, the Group Risk Map is viewed as having management and risk governance purposes, 
making it the cornerstone of the Internal Control System. 
The risk identification process involves periodic updating of the Group Risk Map, which illustrates the relative position of the Bank 
with respect to Pillar 1 and 2 risks6, with a point-in-time and forward-looking perspective, in order to foresee any risks capable of 
impacting the operations of the Group or of its legal entities. The purpose of this update is to define the scope of significant 
risks/entities through the application of appropriate criteria of applicability and materiality, which make it possible to differentiate 
between risks that are material or immaterial for the Group. 
The scope of “material risks” is made up of all Pillar 1 risks, mandatory regulatory risks and Pillar 2 risks deemed material for the 
Group (credit, counterparty, market, operational, liquidity, interest rate in the banking book, strategic/business, reputation, equity 
investments). 
They are classified into risk sub-categories, based on the specific nature of the main risk, the reference regulations and/or the specific 
operations of the Group, with the aim of pursuing a complete monitoring of the various types of risk, also in line with national and 
international regulatory developments7. 
In order to strengthen said monitoring, in the 2023 Group Risk Map, an analysis of the macroeconomic context and of the 2023-25 
Supervisory Priorities identified by the Regulator was carried out, and the benchmarking analysis was updated. 
The main changes introduced in the 2023 Group Risk Map refer to the extension of the materiality analysis for all risks, except for 
those that are mandatory by law, incorporated in the business model or introduced following specific requests, further 
methodological fine tunings relating to the materiality analysis, as well as to the updating of the taxonomy regarding the IT risk 
subcategory of operational risks to reflect the extension of the risk assessment framework and its updated definition (ICT and 
Security risk). In addition, continuing with the approach introduced in previous years, ESG risk factors continued to be fine-tuned 
and, in particular, quantitative indicators were strengthened for the materiality analysis of credit risk deriving from climate and 
environmental factors, the introduction of quantitative analysis for ESG sub-category within operational risks, and the introduction 
of ESG risk factors to the materiality analysis of market, reputational and strategic/business risks. Within the risk map, the complete 
tree diagramme of ESG Risk was also introduced that takes into consideration its various components and sub-components and the 
current positioning of the BPER Group compared to this tree diagram, with particular reference to the risk identification framework. 
Identification of these risks also considered their inherent uncertainties, understood as possible events whose potential impact cannot 
be certainly determined at present, therefore it cannot be quantified precisely. 
 
6 See Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/13, Title III - Chapter 1 - Attachment D. 
7 EBA Guidelines on SREP, ECB guidelines on ICAAP and ILAAP.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
More specifically, the Italian and global macroeconomic scenario, which has a decisive impact on the Group’s business outlook, is 
still subject to considerable uncertainty caused by the geopolitical tensions that have spread to the Middle East following the 
outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the international sanctions that followed; there is also a growing international awareness 
of climate risk and the measures being taken to address it. The context is, moreover, affected by the persistence of the inflationary 
pressure and the subsequent increase in market interest rates. These circumstances may trigger additional general economic 
consequences and specific impacts on the economic, financial and capital profile of the BPER Banca Group. In particular, in this 
context, the economic slowdown might significantly increase the levels of credit risk and market risk faced by the Group. 
In line with the RAF defined by the Parent Company, for risks identified as significant, the Board of Directors of BPER Banca sets, 
with a special policy, the risk objectives, the related risk exposure and operational limits and the process of risk assumption and 
management. 
In line with the relevant regulations, the Corporate Bodies have a central role in the process of risk governance, providing for certain 
responsibilities with regard to the design, implementation, evaluation and external communication, as part of the development of 
the Group’s system of internal controls. 
The Parent Company’s Board of Directors therefore performs the strategic supervision function at Group level, intervening in all 
phases envisaged by the model and, by means of strategic directives, involving the Boards of Directors of the individual Group 
Banks and Companies for the activities that are their responsibility, i.e.: 
• 
it gives the CEO adequate powers and resources to implement the strategic guidelines, the RAF and risk governance policies 
defined by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company in the design of the internal control system and is responsible for 
taking all the necessary steps to ensure that the organisation and its internal control system comply with the principles and 
requirements laid down in regulatory provisions, monitoring compliance on an ongoing basis; 
• 
receives, either directly or through the CEO, the information flows required to gain full awareness of the various risk factors 
and the ability to govern them, so as to plan and implement interventions to ensure the compliance and adequacy of the Internal 
Control System.  
 
For said purpose, the Chief Executive Officer, in relation to the Group as a whole and its members, with the help of the competent 
structures, implements the necessary initiatives and activities to continuously guarantee the completeness, adequacy, functionality 
and reliability of the internal control system. 
The Boards of Statutory Auditors8 of the Parent Company and of the Group companies, each to the extent of its own responsibilities, 
perform their assignments as foreseen by the law and the articles of association and have the responsibility of ensuring the 
completeness, suitability and functionality of the internal control system and of the RAF. The results are brought to the attention of 
the respective Boards of Directors. 
The Board of Directors of each Group Company assigns a mandate to its own corporate structures to implement, in its own corporate 
set-up, the decisions taken by the Parent Company. 
Internal board committees and other internal committees set up by the Boards of Directors of the Parent Company and of the Group 
Companies are also involved in the overall Internal Control System, whose composition and functioning are defined in the relevant 
regulation approved by the Board of Directors itself. 
The internal board committees are dedicated to the in-depth analysis of specialist topics and have inquiry, advisory and proposal-
making duties in support of the Board of Directors, while the Internal Committees provide advice and support to the Management 
Body. 
In particular, the Risks Committee, a body with consultative powers, assists the Chief Executive Officer in the determination and 
implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework, of risk governance policies and of the capital and liquidity adequacy process for 
the Group and Group companies. 
To this effect, the Committee is responsible for examining the following issues: 
• 
risk capacity, risk appetite, risk tolerance, risk profile and risk limits under both normal and stressed conditions and the 
activities included in the escalation mechanisms in case of breaches of RAF thresholds; 
 
8 Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013; first part, Title IV, Chapter 3 “The body with control function is responsible for monitoring the completeness, 
adequacy,functionality and reliability of the internal control system and the RAF”.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
• 
consistency and reconciliation among the business model, the strategic plan, the RAF, ICAAP and ILAAP processes, the 
budget, business administration and the internal control system; 
• 
the risk management process indicates the series of rules, procedures, methodologies and models, resources (human, 
technological and organisational) and control activities to identify, measure or assess, monitor, prevent or mitigate and to 
communicate, by means of a specific reporting process, all risks assumed or assumable by the Group. 
 
The Risks Committee is also responsible for the examination of methodologies, tools, reporting and internal regulations falling 
within the responsibility of the Risk Management, Compliance, Anti-Money Laundering, Validation functions and the Manager 
responsible for preparing the company’s financial reports (hereinafter “Manager responsible”). 
 
Decentralised at the individual Group companies there are people who act as “Contacts” for all of the second level control functions, 
in addition to the Manager Responsible for Preparing the Company’s Financial Reports, for the following purposes: 
• 
overseeing operations in line with the Parent Company’s duties of guidance and coordination, taking into account specific 
local aspects and the type of business carried on by individual Group companies; 
• 
ensuring effective operational links between the Parent Company and each Group company; 
• 
all communication flows to corporate bodies. 
 
With respect to reporting, the Group has prepared a comprehensive set of periodic reports to ensure the provision of adequate 
information to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company and the Group Banks and Companies about their risk exposure. The 
analyses contained in these reports are discussed in the various committees and are the basis of the assessment of capital adequacy, 
subsequently brought to the attention of the Parent Company’s Board of Directors.  
 
To ensure the achievement of strategic and operational objectives, the BPER Group defines its Internal Control System (governed 
by the “Group Policy - Internal Control System”)9, in line with Bank of Italy Circular 285 of 17 December 2013 – 
Supervisory instructions for banks.  
 
The “Group’s Internal control system” is the set of rules, functions, structures, resources, procedures and processes aimed at ensuring 
that the activities carried out by the company are compliant with the pre-defined internal standards and practices. 
 
At Group level, this system is structured in order to allow the Parent Company to carry out the following, also as part of its 
management and coordination activities: 
• 
strategic control of both the trend in the activities carried out by the Group companies and the acquisition and disposal policies 
employed by the latter 
• 
management control aimed at ensuring the maintenance of conditions of economic, financial, capital balance for both the 
individual group companies, and the Group as a whole. 
• 
technical-operational control targeted at evaluating the risk profiles caused to the Group by the individual subsidiaries and the 
general risks of the Group. 
 
The BPER Banca Group’s internal control system involves corporate bodies, control functions and line structures and is designed 
to take account of the business specifics of each Group Company and to comply with the following principles: 
• 
proportionality in the application of rules according to size and operations; 
• 
gradual and progressive transfer to more advanced methodologies and processes for measuring risk and the capital that is 
available as a result; 
• 
unity in the definition of the approaches used by the various functions foreseen in the Group’s organisational system; 
• 
effectiveness and effciency of risk control. 
 
Each Group Company has a corporate Internal Control System that is consistent with the Group’s strategy and policy on risks and 
controls, without prejudice to compliance with any applicable regulations on an individual basis: any additions that may be necessary 
for the adaptation of the Company’s Internal Control System to specific regulatory and/or Supervisory Authority requirements, must 
be approved in advance by the Parent Company. 
Business Continuity  
 
9Approved by the Board of Directors on 28 April 2022.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
In 2023, the annual activities aimed at the “Ordinary Management” of Business Continuity were resumed and aimed at updating the 
Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and of the Group’s Banks and Companies. 
In particular, Business Impact Analyses (BIAs) were carried out during the year to identify potential risks and failure points of 
business processes, business continuity solutions were updated to ensure effective recovery in the event of an emergency, and 
scheduled business continuity and disaster recovery tests were carried out to check the effectiveness of the Plan and to ensure 
continuous improvement. 
 
The elements that characterised the financial year 2023 concerned: 
• 
the extension of the Business Continuity model to the new companies that have joined the Group (Banca Cesare Ponti); 
• 
the review of the Business Continuity framework following the 40th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 285/2013; 
• 
the launch of the “Everbridge” application in the IT production environment, a mass notification tool for crisis/emergency 
communications in out-of-band mode, i.e. even when the bank’s information systems are inaccessible; 
• 
activities for maintenance of certification ISO 22301, held by the Group through the company Numera, transferred at the end 
of 2022; 
• 
solutions to mitigate the risk of electricity network unavailability were further developed, with a particular focus on the most 
critical sites; 
• 
the monitoring of critical suppliers continued by checking existing contracts, continuity testing and the gathering of appropriate 
information to fully assess the quality of the planned continuity measures; 
• 
an in-depth analysis of the impact of the seismic and bradyseismic risk on the Campi Flegrei area was carried out with an 
update of the specific emergency plan (pursuant to Law Decree 140/2023) 
 
As part of the ESG Risk projects, physical risk mapping was further developed to monitor the degree of exposure to natural hazards 
(seismic risk) and climatic and environmental hazards (hydrogeological risk, landslide risk) of the buildings on which the critical 
processes are located. 
Lastly, the Business Continuity Office coordinated various activities targeted at restoring compromised services. The most 
significant emergency situation was the flooding in Emilia-Romagna that occurred between 15 and 23 May. No process or central 
office suffered operational interruptions, the data centres were operational and the ECB, CoDiSe36 and the Bank of Italy were 
constantly informed. 
The focus on operational resilience and the dissemination of a culture of business continuity within the Group, with a view to 
continuous improvement, continued through: 
• training activities for the roles involved in business continuity, disaster recovery and crisis management within the Group 
companies; 
• awareness initiatives through “information snippets” and the publication of articles in the company magazine. 
 
Climate Change10  
Transition to a circular, low-carbon economy and its integration and management in the regulatory and prudential supervisory 
framework entails both risks and opportunities for the entire economic system and for financial institutions, while the physical 
damage caused by climate change and environmental degradation can have a significant impact on the real economy and the 
financial sector. 
The European Central Bank identified climate and environmental risks among the main risk factors to be proactively managed under 
the supervisory priorities of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) for the banking sector, and starting in 2021, undertook 
activities aimed at verifying banks’ positioning with respect to the provisions of the guidelines that the ECB issued on the subject 
(ECB Guide on climate-related and environmental risk). 
Against this backdrop, the BPER Banca Group has structured its own sustainability process through the adoption of an integrated 
strategy, capable of combining business growth and financial strength with social and environmental sustainability, thereby creating 
 
10 For more information on ESG risk, please refer to the Consolidated Financial Statement 2023 and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
long-term shared value. The sustainability perspective has been fully integrated in the 2022-2025 Business Plan. 
Recent Developments  
2023 EU-Wide Stress Test Results 
On 28 July 2023 the BPER Group participated in the 2023 EU-wide stress test conducted by the European Banking Authority 
(EBA), in cooperation with the ECB, and the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB).  
The Bank noted the announcements made on 28 July 2023 by the EBA and the ECB on the EU-wide stress test and acknowledges 
the outcomes of the exercise.  
The EU-wide stress test did not contain a pass/fail threshold and instead was designed to be used as an important source of 
information for the purposes of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The results will assist competent authorities 
in assessing BPER’s ability to meet applicable prudential requirements under stressed scenarios.  
The adverse stress test scenario set by the ECB/ESRB was particularly severe and covered a three-year time horizon (2021-2023). 
The stress test was carried out under a static balance sheet assumption as at 31 December 2022 subject to a number of methodological 
constraints and without taking into consideration future business strategies and management actions. Therefore, the stress test results 
were not a forecast of the BPER Group’s financial performance or capital adequacy.  
BPER’s capital strength was confirmed by the following results, to be compared with a CET1 ratio fully loaded of 12.04% at the 
starting point (31 December 2022): 
• baseline scenario: 2025 fully loaded CET1 ratio at 16.00%, corresponding to 396 bps higher than the fully loaded CET1 ratio 
as at 31 December 2022;  
• adverse scenario: 2025 fully loaded CET1 ratio at 7.89%, corresponding to 415 bps lower than the fully loaded CET1 ratio 
as at 31 December 2022. 
These results were not comparable with the outcome of the corresponding exercise run in 2021, which BPER was excluded from 
due to the impact arising from the planned acquisition of the Intesa Sanpaolo Group’s carve-out. 
It is noted that part of the results obtained via the derisking process occurring in the first half of 2023 could not be taken into account 
into the exercise as they referred to events that were not completed before 31 December 2022 (the reference date of the stress test 
exercise). 
Partnership between Intesa Sanpaolo, Homepal and BPER 
On 12 September 2023 Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. (“Intesa”), Homepal S.p.A. (“Homepal”) and BPER have struck a strategic and 
commercial partnership to form a real estate company with the goal of enhancing and developing business in the sector, in which 
the companies have concluded approximately ten thousand real estate sale transactions since launch. 
Intesa Sanpaolo Casa S.p.A. (“Intesa Casa”) offers real estate brokerage and advisory services through a network of agencies in 
major Italian cities. Homepal is a next-generation online real estate agency, which supports customers in the various stages of buying 
and selling real estate, through a digital platform and real estate agents operating remotely. 
The transaction will take place through the contribution by Intesa of its 100% shareholding in Intesa Casa and its subsequent merger 
into Homepal. The new company will benefit from the experience gained in the collaboration between BPER and Homepal in 
offering retail customers real estate services managed mainly online, with the professionalism and service quality of a traditional 
agency. 
The aim is to create a new player operating across the Italian market, drawing on the complementary service models of Intesa Casa 
and Homepal. By leveraging the Intesa and BPER networks, this new operator will meet customers' property buying and selling 
needs through technological services, a physical presence in major cities and the experience of its agents. 
The company transition will leverage all employees and agents of Intesa Casa and Homepal, who will thus become part of the new 
company. 
Following the transaction, Intesa will have a 49% interest in Homepal. The remainder of capital will be held 34% by Homepal's 
current shareholders and 17% by BPER. 
Merger by absorption of Optima SIM into Banca Cesare Ponti

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
On 11 October 2023 a notice was given that the resolutions of the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meetings of Banca Cesare Ponti 
S.p.A. (“Banca Cesare Ponti” or the “Acquiring Company”) and of Optima S.p.A. Società di Intermediazione Mobiliare 
(“Optima SIM”), both held on 9 October 2023, approving the merger by absorption of Optima SIM into Banca Cesare Ponti, were 
respectively registered with the Companies Registers of Milan and Modena. The relevant merger became effective on 13 November 
2023, with Banca Cesare Ponti consequently taking over all of Optima SIM's legal relationships, assets and liabilities. 
The merger is aimed at further concentrating the BPER’s Group Wealth Management & Asset Management business lines within 
Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. as set out in the 2022-2025 Business Plan. 
Outcome of the 2023 SREP assessment process 
On 1 December 2023 BPER announced that, following completion of the annual Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP"), it has received notification of the European Central Bank's new decision concerning the prudential requirements to be 
met on a consolidated basis under article 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013. 
Based on the outcome of the SREP assessment conducted in 2023 with reference date 31 December 2022 and any other relevant 
information received thereafter, the ECB has established that, with effect from 1 January 2024, BPER will have to maintain a 
minimum consolidated capital ratio in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 8.54%, consisting of the sum of the minimum 
regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement of 1.38%  and the Combined Buffer Requirement of 
2.66% , while the minimum Total Own Funds Requirement (Total Capital) ratio shall be 13.11%. 
BPER's pro-forma consolidated capital ratios  as at 30 September 2023 were as follows: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio 14.9%; 
• 
Pro-forma Total Capital ratio: 18.6%. 
Additional Tier 1 bond issuance 
On 9 January 2024 BPER announced that, following completion of the book-building process, it had successfully placed an 
Additional Tier 1 perpetual bond issuance, callable from year 5, for a total principal amount of Euro 500 million (the “Notes”). 
The Notes, reserved for institutional investors, were priced at par, with a fixed coupon of 8.375% until 16 July 2029, payable semi-
annually. If not called by BPER, the new fixed-rate coupon will be determined by adding a reset spread of 595 bps to the 5-year 
mid swap rate in euro as at the reset date and would remain fixed for the following 5 years (until the next recalculation date). 
The Additional Tier 1 bond issuance was oversubscribed with orders exceeding euro 3.2 billion after books opening, which has 
made it possible to revise the initial yield guidance from 9.00% to 8.375% and reach the target sizing of Euro 500 million. 
Partnership with Gardant 
On 15 January 2024, further to previous communications to the market, information was given that the BPER Group and the Gardant 
Group (the “Gardant Group”) finalised an agreement on the establishment of a strategic partnership for the management of non-
performing loans held by BPER and Banco di Sardegna. 
The partnership between the BPER Group and the Gardant Group has been achieved via the:  
i) 
creation of a servicing platform, 70% invested in by Gardant Bridge S.p.A., a subsidiary of the Gardant Group, and 30% 
by BPER; and 
ii) 
signing of two servicing agreements on the management and recovery of loans classified as both Unlikely to Pay (UTPs) 
and bad loans (NPLs) held by BPER and Banco di Sardegna.  
The transaction will generate a capital gain of approximately Euro 150 million before tax and will be accounted for in the first 
quarter of 2024.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
Resignation of a Standing Auditor 
On 18 January 2024 BPER informed that Standing Auditor Mr. Carlo Appetiti tendered his resignation from office, with effect from 
1 February 2024, due to an upcoming professional assignment, which would prevent him from continuing to serve as a Member of 
the Board of Statutory Auditors of the Bank. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors will be restored to its full composition at the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of the Issuer 
scheduled for 19 April 2024 to approve the financial statements for 2023. 
S&P assigns investment grade rating to BPER 
On 18 March 2024 BPER informed that the rating agency S&P Global assigned its ratings to BPER. In particular, the Bank was 
assigned a Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating of “BBB-” and a Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating of “A-3”. The outlook on all ratings 
was positive. For further information, please see section headed “Description of the Issuer and the Seller” of this Base Prospectus. 
Results of the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 19 April 2024 
On 19 April 2024 BPER informed that the Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of BPER Banca approved the 2023 separate financial 
statements and the proposal for the allocation of profit, resolving upon the distribution of a cash dividend of Euro 0.30 per share for 
each of the 1,415,850,518 ordinary share representing the share capital, for a maximum total amount of Euro 424,755,155.40 (net 
of those which will be held in the portfolio on the ex-date, on which no dividend will be paid). 
Appointment of Chair, Deputy Chair and Chief Executive Officer 
On 19 April 2024 BPER informed that BPER’s Board of Directors resolved to appoint Fabio Cerchiai as Chair of the Board of 
Directors, Antonio Cabras as Deputy Chair and Gianni Franco Papa as Chief Executive Officer. 
Publication of the Articles of the Association 
On 15 May 2024 BPER informed that the Articles of Association, updated following the amendments approved by the Extraordinary 
Shareholders’ Meeting of 19 April 2024, was available to the public at the registered office and on the Bank’s website. 
Moody’s upgrade of BPER key ratings  
On 27 May 2024 BPER informed that rating agency Moody’s upgraded the Bank’s key ratings. In particular, the agency upgraded 
the Bank’s standalone Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) from “ba1” to “baa3” investment grade, driving a similar upgrade of the 
issuer and senior unsecured debt ratings, both up from “Ba1” to “Baa3”. The outlook was changed to stable from positive. For 
further information, please see section headed “Description of the Issuer and the Seller” of this Base Prospectus. 
BPER: Business Plan and Notice of Call of the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
On 30 May 2024 BPER informed that BPER’s Board of Directors agreed on the early closure of the “2022-2025 Group Business 
Plan”, as at 31 December 2024. The decision was taken in light of the earlier-than-planned achievement of the main economic and 
financial targets, which were attained thanks to the Group's performance and favourable market conditions. The Board of Directors 
consequently vested the Chief Executive Officer, not least in consideration of the changed macroeconomic scenario, to prepare a 
new business plan for the 2024-2027 period (the “New 2024-2027 Business Plan”), to be submitted to the approval of the Board 
of Directors and presented to the market in October 2024. 
DBRS MORNINGSTAR revises trend on BPER Banca to positive from stable and confirms all ratings as Investment Grade 
On 17 June 2024 BPER informed that the rating agency Morningstar DBRS has revised the Bank’s Long-Term and Short-Term 
Issuer Ratings and Long-Term and Short-Term Senior Debt ratings to positive from stable and confirmed all ratings as “Investment 
Grade”. For further information, please see section headed “Description of the Issuer and the Seller” of this Base Prospectus. 
Simone Marcucci appointed Chief Financial Officer 
On 18 July 2024 the Board of Directors appointed Simone Marcucci to serve as Chief Financial Officer,  effective as of 19 July 
2024. On the same date, Gian Luca Santi resigned from his roles of Chief Financial Officer and Deputy General Manager of the 
Bank.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
ECB guidance on NPL provisioning  
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (“NPLs”) as amended and supplemented in 
March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, processes and best practices which banks should 
incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs 
in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The 
addendum supplements the qualitative guidance on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory expectations 
for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach regarding the 
problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, banks should ensure that managers 
are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be closely managed by their management bodies. The ECB 
does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy 
options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales.  
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks should explain and 
substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the Single Resolution Mechanism 
regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-compliance may trigger supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU 
Regulation no. 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures has been recently adopted and introduces a "statutory prudential 
backstop" to prevent the risk of under provisioning of future NPLs. These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws 
and regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flow. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or “BRRD”) entered 
into force.  
The BRRD is designed to provide competent authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution 
authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the 
public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of 
the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation 
- which enables resolution authorities to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them 
to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the “General Bail-in Tool”), which equity 
could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution tools 
(including the bail-in tool) to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public entity support and temporary 
public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its 
requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or 
is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public 
financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-
down or convert into equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments at the point of non-viability and before (or simultaneously), any 
other resolution action is taken (“Non-Viability Loss Absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon 
any such statutory conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in 
cancellation or dilution of the shareholding. For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the 
point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under certain 
circumstances, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, 
under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution 
or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government. In particular, 
Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy (the “BRRD Implementing Decrees”) were 
published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-
alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993 and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD 
Implementing Decrees entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied from 1 January 2016; 
and (ii) the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and those of individuals 
and small and medium enterprises, which applied from 1 January 2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments 
and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments 
and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period, except for those secured liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of 
the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), 
that the resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, 
the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Further, although the BRRD 
provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out 
that such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the 
application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings.  
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented in Italy by Article 49 of 
Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in 
relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may 
be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that 
exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural 
persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes 
created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which 
applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including 
Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than 
ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has amended the bail-in creditor 
hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, 
all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and small and medium 
sized enterprises benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that 
provided for individual and small and medium sized enterprises deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee 
scheme. This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of liabilities in the form of large corporate and interbank 
deposits which rank pari passu with any unsecured liability owed to the Bondholders under the national insolvency regime currently 
in force in Italy, will rank higher than such unsecured liabilities in normal insolvency proceedings. Therefore, on application of the 
General Bail-In Tool, such creditors will be written-down/converted into equity capital instruments only after such unsecured 
liabilities. The safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would not provide any protection since, as noted 
above, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors which are in excess of those 
which would have been incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy (the “BRRD Amending Directive”) entered into force. The BRRD Amending Directive requires Member 
States to create a new class of the so-called “senior non-preferred” debt instruments which would rank just below the most senior 
debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while still being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as 
a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible to meet MREL and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not 
have a retroactive effect and will only apply to new issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved 
by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt 
instruments. 
Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of set-
off which are normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express 
agreement to the contrary. The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
The amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category of unsecured debt in bank 
creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the priority ranking of bank bondholders in insolvency 
and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on the priority ranking of bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution 
facilitates a more efficient path towards banks’ compliance with the TLAC standard (for G-SIBs) that should apply from 2019

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
onwards, as agreed in the Financial Stability Forum. In addition, by providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors 
and reducing the risk of legal challenges, these harmonised rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool in resolution.  
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the revised Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the Banking Law and: (i) establishes that the 
maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been harmonised by the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive and 
is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes; (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should 
have; (iii) details intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement 
to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and liabilities eligible for 
bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. "Minimum Requirement for Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities" – “MREL”). MREL represents one of the key tools to improve banks’ resolvability, allowing resolution 
authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a bank’s capital position after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure 
that shareholders and creditors bear losses regardless of which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after consulting 
with the relevant competent authority, will set the MREL for the relevant institution based on the assessment criteria identified by 
the EBA in its regulatory technical standards (RTS), pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS on criteria for determining 
MREL requires resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write down or conversion of an amount of own 
funds and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the sum of the loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount, 
subject to certain considerations. The resolution authority has discretion to allow BRRD institutions to meet part of their MREL 
obligations through "contractual bail-in instruments". The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the 
competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking 
Union) or to the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) for banks being part of the Banking Union. The EBA has issued final draft 
regulatory technical standards which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as further 
implemented by European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, see below.  
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 supplementing BRRD 
that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as described 
in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016. Article 8 of the aforementioned regulation provides 
that resolution authorities may determine an appropriate transitional period for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. 
On 19 July 2016, the EBA launched a public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 
23 November 2016, the European Commission presented the EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number of proposed 
amendments to the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed that the MREL – which should be expressed as a percentage of the total 
risk exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution – should be determined by the resolution 
authorities at an amount to allow banks to absorb losses expected in resolution and recapitalise the bank post-resolution. In addition, 
it was proposed that resolution authorities may require institutions to meet higher levels of MREL in order to cover losses in 
resolution that are higher than those expected under a standard resolution scenario and to ensure a sufficient market confidence in 
the entity post-resolution. It is currently envisaged that in the event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement the 
competent resolution authority shall have the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the maximum distributable 
amount related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-called “M-MDA”).  
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the EU Banking Reform 
and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities for the purpose of MREL, unless they 
fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with the national resolution authorities (“NRAs”), started 
to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary approach consisted of informative targets that sought to enable banks to 
prepare for their future MREL requirements. The SRB is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 
introduced binding requirements and started to address both quantity and quality of MREL with bank specific features. During 2017, 
the SRB developed its MREL policy, starting to develop binding targets for major banking groups. Considering the need to address 
the specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 2018 resolution planning cycle in two waves. The first 
started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not have binding targets – for instance those with no presence outside the Banking 
Union – to be addressed first based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 approach and published on 20 November 2018. 
For the second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published on 16 January 
2019.  
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the Banking Package (CRR-
II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an overall updated MREL 
Policy under the Banking Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 May 2020, which covers: (a) MREL requirements for 
Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs); (b) changes to the calibration of MREL, including introducing MREL based on 
the leverage ratio; (c) changes to the quality of MREL (subordination); (d) dedicated rules for certain business models, such as 
cooperatives, and for resolution strategies, such as multiple point of entry (MPE); (e) Provisions on internal MREL; (f) Clarifications 
on third-country issuances; and (g) how these changes will be phased in. 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the Banking Package in the 2020 
resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to institutions in the beginning of 2021. These decisions replaced those 
issued under the previous legal framework. Each new decision will set out two binding MREL targets, including those for

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
subordination: the binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022 and the fully calibrated MREL (final target) to be met 
by 1 January 2024. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (“CRR”)and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms (“CRD IV”), the following legislative texts have been published in the EU’s Official Journal: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V" and, together with 
BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms");  
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"),  
(iii) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms ("SRM 
II Regulation"). 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the "TLAC standard") as 
implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime relating to the specific MREL. 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption and recapitalisation 
amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are determined according to the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities under 
TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the financial performance of the BPER Group. 
Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in an early stage and new 
suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated 
above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) 
entered into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities issued by the BPER Group, the price or value of their investment in any such 
security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects of a new review of 
BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (“DGSD II”). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into 
two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders’ 
experience with the current Covid-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) 
resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the 
EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III 
and DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission launched a general public consultation 
on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the “193 Decree”) implementing the BRRD 
II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under 
Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Banking Law transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
The amended Article 91 of the Banking Law provides for the following ranking: 
a) 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly recognized as own funds items (elementi 
di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello); 
b) 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, in their entirety, to be 
classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri) but junior to senior non- preferred 
instruments. The provisions also apply to instruments issued before the 193 Decree came into effect (1 December 2021). 
BPER Group’s continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and on its assets and 
liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which BPER Group participates. 
Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with new legal requirements and standards that are not 
predictable by the Issuer at this time, moreover, such adaptation may lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
potential change, adaptation or renovation of the characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures 
and/or distribution mechanisms or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a 
negative impact on the Group’s business, performance and/or financial condition. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM" and "SRM 
Regulation", respectively) entered into force. 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation 
of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") with national resolution authorities, which 
entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly consists of the Board 
and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European Commission and the Council of 
the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – as well as the ECB and the national resolution 
authorities.  
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national compartments during an 
eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 banks started to pay contributions to national 
resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund starting from 2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national 
deposit guarantee schemes).  
The Fund will be gradually built up during the first eight years (2016-2023) and is intended to reach the target level of at least 1 per 
cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions within the Banking Union by 31 December 2023. The Fund shall 
not be used to absorb the losses of an institution or to recapitalize an institution. 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single authority –the Board –, 
which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and part of the Banking Union. 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the negative feedback 
loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in resolution; and (c) giving a competitive 
advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking Union ones, due to the availability of a larger resolution fund. 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the SRM will affect the 
Group. 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
The above mentioned Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation applied from 8 July 2022. 
The Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public supervision and publication 
obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, the Covered Bond Directive provides for a number of more complex 
structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Covered Bond Directive at hand also 
establishes specific requirements for a liquidity reserve and introduces the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered 
bond structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Covered Bond 
Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of covered bond issuances with the 
abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions for obtaining the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of 
covered bonds in the context of a covered bond programme. The Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 
129 of the CRR, providing for additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In 
particular, the Covered Bond Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up 
to a maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing institution, without 
the need to consult the EBA. The Covered Bond Regulation also requires a minimum level of overcollateralization in order to 
mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency or resolution. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegation Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegated the Italian Government to implement – 
inter alia – the Covered Bond Directive. According to the European Delegation Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of the Covered Bond Directive, 
allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set for covered bonds a 
minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of the Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 
2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of the Decree 190/2021 entering into force 
on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
provided by the Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the 
period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the 
issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool in case of programmes with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the extended final maturity 
date for the payment of principal, as opposed to the scheduled maturity date. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of the covered 
bonds. Bank of Italy issued the relevant implementing regulations on 30 March 2023 by publishing an amendment to Section 3, 
paragraph 3 of the BoI Regulations. 
For further information, please see section headed “Selected Aspects of Italian Law” of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the Covered Bonds  
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 3 October 2007 as a limited liability company incorporated under Law 
130, with VAT number, Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Genoa Register of Enterprises No. 05887770963. 
The Guarantor modified its corporate object by the resolution of the meeting of the Guarantor Quotaholders held on 11 April 2008. 
On 21 July 2008, the Bank of Italy has authorised the purchase by the Issuer of up to 60 per cent. of the quota capital of the 
Guarantor. The Guarantor was initially incorporated under the name "Holborn Finance S.r.l." and changed its name into "Carige 
Covered Bond S.r.l." by the resolution of the meeting of the Guarantor Quotaholders held on 24 September 2008. The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 549300410MTM8QIP1W44.  
The Guarantor has a duration until 31 December 2050 (period that could be extended subject to resolution by an Extraordinary 
Meeting).  
The Guarantor has no website. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Genoa, Via Cassa di Risparmio, No. 15, 16123, Italy and the telephone number of the 
registered office is +390105794204.  
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.  
“Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.” is currently the Guarantor’s legal name and the Guarantor has no commercial name. 
The Guarantor operates under Italian legislation. 
Organisational structure  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor does not own any of its own quotas or shares in its parent company, either 
directly or through trust companies.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor is subject to the activity of direction and coordination (attività di direzione e 
coordinamento), pursuant to article 2497 of the Italian Civil Code, of BPER.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor does not have any branch offices and has no employees.   
Business Overview  
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks (belonging either to the BPER Group or to other banking groups), 
against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in compliance with Law 130 and the 
relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to 
issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such banks or other entities.  
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the ancillary transactions for purposes of the 
performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the issue of banking covered bonds in which it participates or, 
however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-investment in other financial activities of the assets deriving from the 
management of the credits and the securities purchased, but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered 
Bondholders' rights.  
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged and will not engage in any business other than the  purchase of 
the Receivables from the Seller and the issue of the Covered Bond Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor Agreement.   
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
The directors of the Guarantor are:

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
• 
Mr. Federico Illuzzi, who is an independent accountant in Genoa, Via San Vincenzo, 2, as Chairman;  
• 
Mr.  Carlo Lazzarini, who is an independent accountant in Lucca, Viale S. Concordio, 149; and  
• 
Ms. Mascia Morini, who is a manager (dirigente) of the Issuer. 
*** 
The following table shows the offices held by the members of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors of the 
Guarantor in companies outside the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
 
Federico  
Illuzzi  
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.  
President of the board of directors 
  
Lanterna Finance S.r.l. 
President of the board of directors 
  
Lanterna Mortgage S.r.l. 
President of the board of directors 
  
Porto Petroli di Genova S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor  
  
Dicomi S.r.l.  
President of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
  
Sigemi S.r.l.  
Statutory Auditor  
  
Rina Cyber S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor  
  
Rina Consulting – Centro Sviluppo 
Materiali S.p.A.  
Statutory Auditor  
 
 
Carlo 
Lazzarini 
Copy Service di Lazzarini Giorgio Angelo 
& C. S.a.s. 
General Partner 
 
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Advisor of the board of directors 
 
Lanterna Finance S.r.l. 
Advisor of the board of directors 
 
Fondazione Casa Lucca 
President 
 
Immobiliare La Pieve S.r.l. 
Managing Director 
 
Aldino S.r.l. 
Auditor 
 
Esedra Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Auditor 
 
Esedra S.r.l. 
Auditor 
 
Toscotec S.p.a. 
Auditor 
 
Wico Service S.r.l. 
President of the board of directors 
 
Cassa di Risparmio di Fossano S.p.a. 
Advisor of the board of directors 
 
Consorzio 1 Toscana Nord 
Advisor of the board of directors 
 
 
Mascia Morini 
Lanterna Finance S.r.l. 
Lanterna Mortgage S.r.l.  
BPER Real Estate S.p.A. 
BPER Trust Company S.p.A. 
 
member of Board of Directors 
member of Board of Directors 
member of Board of Directors 
member of Board of Directors 
 
Conflicts of interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests 
or other duties.  
Quotaholders  
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided into quotas. The Quotaholders of the Guarantor are as 
follows:  
• 
BPER 60 per cent. of the quota capital;  
• 
Stichting Otello 40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
N ame  
Company  Office and/or Stake in the  
Company  
Po sition

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
The Guarantor is subject to the activity of direction and coordination, pursuant to Article 2497 of the Italian Civil Code, of BPER.  
The Quotaholders' Agreement  
In the context of the Programme the Quotaholders entered into a Quotaholder's Agreement (as extended in the context of the OBG3 
Programme) whereby the Quotaholders agreed to provide certain corporate management services for the Guarantor in the context 
of the Programme and the OBG3 Programme.  
The Quotaholders' Agreement (as extended in the context of the OBG3 Programme) contains inter alia a call option in favour of 
BPER to purchase from Stichting Otello and a put option in favour of Stichting Otello to sell to BPER, the quota of the Guarantor 
held by Stichting Otello and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from 
the day on which all the Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme and of the OBG3 Programme have been redeemed 
in full or cancelled.  
In addition the Quotaholders' Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the payments of any dividends 
or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme and of the OBG3 Programme and any amount due to the other Secured 
Creditors have been paid in full.  
Please also see section "Description of the Transaction Documents – Quotaholders' Agreement" below.  
No material litigation  
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, which have had or may have significant effects 
on the Guarantor's financial position or profitability. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, and Profits and Losses and 
Report of the Auditors 
The statutory audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and on 31 December 
2022, respectively, prepared in accordance with Italian accounting standards, are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. See the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, above. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively, 
were audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., the address of which is at Via Tortona n. 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. Deloitte & Touche 
S.p.A. is registered in the special register (albo speciale) for auditing companies (società di revisione) provided for by article 161 
of the Financial Law (repealed by article 43 of Italian legislative decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 but still in force, pursuant to 
the latter decree, until the entry into force of the implementing regulations to be issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
pursuant to such decree). 
Copy of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year since the Guarantor’s incorporation will, when published, 
be available in physical form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on any Business Day (excluding public 
holidays) at the registered office of the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor’s accounting reference date is 31 December of each year. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement  
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows:  
- Quota capital Issued and authorised  
BPER has a quota of Euro 6,000.00 and Stichting Otello has a quota of Euro 4,000.00 each fully paid up.  
- Total capitalisation and indebtedness  
Save for the indebtedness relating to the OBG3 Programme, the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the 
Subordinated loan in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, the Guarantor has no

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities 
under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR  
Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor 
to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled 
with the Register of Certified Auditors  (Registro Dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the Minister of Economy and Finance pursuant 
to article 6 of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012 and shall be 
independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the 
Issuer.  
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed also to the statutory auditors of the 
Issuer.  
Asset Monitor Engagement Letter  
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on or about 11 August 2023, as subsequently amended (the “Asset Monitor 
Engagement Letter”), the Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company incorporated in Italy as a joint stock 
company (società per azioni) whose registered office is in Milan registered with the companies’ register of Milan under number 
12979880155 and enrolled under number 119644 with the register of statutory auditors (Registro Dei Revisori Legali) maintained 
by the Minister of Economy and Finance, having its registered office at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy, as asset monitor 
(the "Asset Monitor") in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific agreed upon 
procedures concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations including, inter alia, 
the calculation performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit 
and the Minimum OC Requirement with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate.  
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor and 
the resignation of the Asset Monitor.  
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law.  
Asset Monitor Agreement  
Pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into between, inter alios, inter alios, the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of Covered Bondholders on 11 August 2023, as subsequently amended (the "Asset Monitor 
Agreement"), the Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent to 
the Asset Monitor, to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent for the Tests, the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement, as applicable, in each case pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate.  
The Asset Monitor is entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to assume that all information provided to it by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of conducting such tests is true and correct and not misleading in any material respect, and is not required to 
conduct a test or otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy of any such information. The results of the tests conducted by the Asset 
Monitor will be delivered to the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Rating Agencies.  
The Issuer and (upon delivery of a Notice to Pay) the Guarantor may, at any time, but subject to the prior written consent of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, terminate the appointment of the Asset Monitor by giving at least 3 (three) months' 
prior written notice to the Asset Monitor, provided that such termination may not be effected unless and until a substitute asset 
monitor has been found by the Guarantor (such substitute asset monitor to be approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders unless the substitute is an appropriate professional adviser of national standing) which agrees to perform the duties 
(or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall terminate the 
appointment of the Asset Monitor, after having informed in writing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, by giving 
written notice to the Asset Monitor, if the Asset Monitor ceases to be independent from the Issuer or any other party to the 
Programme or its appointment no longer satisfies the requirements set forth by Law 130 and BoI Regulations. 
The Asset Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 6 (six) months' prior written notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (with a copy to the Rating Agencies), provided that such resignation

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
will not take effect unless and until a substitute asset monitor has been found by the Guarantor (such substitute asset monitor to be 
approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders unless the substitute is an appropriate professional adviser of national 
standing (including an accountancy firm) which agrees to perform the duties (or substantially similar duties) of the Asset Monitor 
set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement).  
If a substitute asset monitor has not been found by the Guarantor within 4 (four) months of the notice of termination by the Guarantor 
or the notice of resignation by the Asset Monitor, the Asset Monitor shall be released from its obligations under the agreement.  
The Asset Monitor has undertaken that, during the period starting on the date of the written resignation notice and ending on the 
date falling four months later, it will co-operate in good faith with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in order to find a substitute Asset 
Monitor.  
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to the Asset Monitor and the 
limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset Monitor.  
The Asset Monitor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – COLLECTION AND RECOVERY PROCEDURES  
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (a) Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans transferred pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement, (b) any Integration Assets and (c) any Liquid Assets. 
The Cover Pool should have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any amounts due and payable on 
the Covered Bonds since the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any interest 
and principal under the Covered Bonds, as more fully described under Section "Credit Structure".  
The composition of the Cover Pool will be dynamic over the life of the Programme. In particular, assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool will change over time as a result, inter alia, of the purchase of any Subsequent Receivables and the repurchase of any 
Receivables in each case in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Receivables consist of Mortgage Loans transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under "Description of the Transaction 
Documents – Master Transfer Agreement".  
For the purposes hereof:  
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Loans.  
"Initial Receivables" means the first portfolio of Eligible Assets transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement.  
"Mortgage Loans" means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali e commerciali) pursuant 
to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior to the Implementation Date or, 
with respect to loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) and (f), of the CRR 
and article 7-novies of Law 130.  
“Integration Assets” means (i) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR which meet the requirements 
set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130, and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other 
exposures mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and 
(ii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR. 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, provided that such 
assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 of the CRR and Law 130. 
“Public Entity Securities” means any securities which meet the requirements under article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of the 
CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130.  
"Receivables" means collectively the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables.  
"Subsequent Receivables" means any portfolios of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) which, further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, have been purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement.  
The Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement 
will meet the following criteria on each relevant Transfer Date:  
1. 
The Mortgage Loans General Criteria 
Each of the receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the 
following criteria (the "Mortgage Loans General Criteria"):  
1. which are at relevant Transfer Date mortgage loans, in respect of which the relevant amount outstanding, added to the 
principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 
80 per cent. for the residential mortgage loans or 60 per cent. for the commercial mortgage loans, as the case may be, 
of the value of the property, in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of CRR;  
2. which did not provide at the time of disbursement for any subsidy or other benefit in relation to principal or interest 
(mutui agevolati);

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
3. which have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), clerical entities (enti ecclesiastici) or public consortium 
(consorzi pubblici);  
4. which are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
5. which are not a mutuo agrario pursuant to Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Law;  
6. which are secured by a mortgage created over real estate assets in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
and located in the Republic of Italy;  
7. which are originated by (i) Banca Carige (successively, BPER) or other banks belonging to the Banca Carige Group 
(successively, BPER Group) or (ii) other banks which are not part of the Banca Carige Group (successively, BPER 
Group) which Mortgage Loans have been acquired by Banca Carige (successively, BPER) either directly or through 
the purchase of the relevant branches;  
8. the payment of which is secured by a legal first ranking priority voluntary mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado 
giuridico), such term meaning (i) a legal first ranking priority voluntary mortgage or (ii) (A) a second or subsequent 
ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the lender secured by the first ranking priority mortgage is BPER and 
with respect to which the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage 
have been fully satisfied and the relevant lender has formally consented to the cancellation of the mortgage(s) ranking 
prior to such subsequent mortgage 
9. in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the relevant mortgage has expired 
and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being challenged pursuant to Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or article 
166 of the Italian Insolvency Code and, if applicable, of Art. 39, fourth paragraph of the Banking Law;  
10. which are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to make additional 
disbursements;  
11. for which at least an instalment inclusive of principal has been paid before the transfer (i.e. loans that are not in the 
pre-amortising phase);  
12. which derive from mortgage loan agreements under which the Instalments are either paid by debiting bank accounts 
held with Banca Carige (successively, BPER), or a branch of Banca Carige (successively, BPER), or by SDD;  
13. as at the Evaluation Date, have no more than one instalment that is past due and unpaid, or, in case of Mortgage whose 
instalment payment is due bi-monthly, quarterly, four-monthly or six-monthly, no instalment that is past due and 
unpaid for more than 30 days; 
14. which are governed by Italian law;  
15. which have not been granted to individuals that as of the origination date were employees of a bank of the Carige 
Group (successively, BPER Group);  
16. which are denominated in Euro (or disbursed in a different currency and then re-denominated in Euro);  
17. in respect of which none of the relevant borrowers or obligors has been served by Banca Carige (successively, BPER) 
with a writ of enforcement (precetto) or an injunction order (decreto ingiuntivo) or entered into an out of court 
settlement following a non payment;  
18. which are identified by a SAE code lower than 700;  
19. which are not fractioned loans as at the relevant Transfer Date (unless such loans have been subject to assumption of 
debt ("accollo")).  
2. 
Public Entity Securities 
Each of the Public Entity Securities forming part of the Cover Pool shall comply with all of the following criteria (the 
“Public Entity Securities General Criteria”):  
1. Pursuant to the OBG Regulations, any exposure having the requirements under article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and 
(b) of the CRR and article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
"General Criteria" means the Mortgage Loans General Criteria and/or the Public Entity Securities General Criteria.  
"Specific Criteria" means the criteria for the selection of the Receivables to be included in the portfolios to which such 
criteria are applied, set forth in Schedule 1- Part 3 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial Receivables and in the 
relevant Offer for the Subsequent Receivables.  
"Criteria" means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
3.  
The Collection Policies  
Introduction 
BPER monitors its existing loans on a constant basis. Generally, borrowers pay instalments by direct debit from their respective 
account held with BPER, authorised at the time of execution of the relevant mortgage loan agreement. On a regular basis, a 
solicitation is made to borrowers with any overdue and unpaid instalment. 
Definitions 
Any further details of BPER exposures classification according to the current regulation are described above in the section 
entitled “Description of the Issuer and the Seller”. 
Management and control of the loans  
The monitoring activity is performed at a central level in order to have all the necessary controls on loans which show some 
criticalities. The monitoring activity is aimed at identifying first signs of credit risk deterioration and providing assistance to 
local branches and directly managing the relevant claims.  
All the relevant management is duly informed in relation to the status of the claims and initiatives are promoted toward 
requiring claims such as: 
• 
change of status of loans; 
• 
provision adjustment on the non performing exposures; 
• 
proposal of qualification of a loan as sofferenza (non-performing loan). 
Generally, the following represents the main causes leading a mortgage loan to be classified as sofferenza: 
• 
the borrower is in serious and long-term economic and financial difficulty, so that BPER would start the legal recovery 
procedures; 
• 
there is a loss forecast on the claim; 
• 
the borrower is insolvent as ascertained by a court. 
Once the decision to qualify a claim as sofferenza has been taken, the definitive legal recovery process begins.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE  
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Guarantor. The Guarantor 
has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor of either a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Acceleration 
Notice on the Guarantor. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal 
under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, ultimate payments to 
Covered Bondholders:  
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any interest and principal 
under the Covered Bonds;  
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor determined 
in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation with respect to the Cover Pool;  
(d) 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is intended to ensure at all times that the amount of Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the 
Programme over the next 180 days; 
(e) 
the verification of the Exposure Limit is intended to ensure that the Exposure Limit is correctly calculated within the 
performance of the Tests; 
(f) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a 
Notice to Pay, for the purpose of testing the asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds;  
(g) 
the verification of the Minimum OC Requirement is periodically performed, both prior and following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default, for the purpose of verifying that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation 
Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be; 
(h) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks in respect of amounts received 
and amounts payable by the Guarantor;  
(i) 
a Reserve Account is established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from Interest Available Funds, in 
order to ensure that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with 
respect to the Covered Bonds.  
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section.  
Covered Bond Guarantee  
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the Due for Payment 
Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other 
amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason. In this circumstance (and until a Guarantor Event 
of Default occurs and an Acceleration Notice is served), the Guarantor's obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
on the Due for Payment Date.  
See further "Description of the Transaction Documents — Covered Bond Guarantee", as regards the terms of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
Tests  
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) must ensure that the Cover 
Pool is in compliance with the Tests described below.  
See section "Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement".  
Mandatory Tests  
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Seller and the Issuer shall procure on a ongoing basis and for the whole 
life of the Programme that each of the following tests is met:  
(A) the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage Loan in respect of which 
the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) or (f), as the case may be, 
of the CRR will be considered up to an amount of principal which, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that 
Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor plus the aggregate 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up to the end of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments shall be at 
least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate principal notional amount of all Series of Covered Bonds at the same time 
outstanding, provided that the Minimum OC Requirement shall at all time be me (the "Nominal Value Test");  
(B) the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present Value of the 
Outstanding Covered Bonds (the "NPV Test");  
(C) the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the interest payments 
scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the "Interest Coverage Test"),  
(the tests above are jointly defined as the "Mandatory Tests").  
"Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool" means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the positive difference between: 
(i) 
the sum of 
(a) interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool 
(provided that the interest payments expected to be received in respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to 
value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) or (f), as the case may be, of 
the CRR, will be considered up to an amount that, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage 
Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) in each and all respective Calculation Periods until the date on 
which all the outstanding Covered Bond are scheduled to be redeemed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible Investments of principal collections arising from the 
expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in each and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of 
interest accrued on the Accounts and any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Accounts in each and all 
respective Calculation Periods;  
(b) any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior to or on each and all 
respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and 
(c) any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap Agreements; and 
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, 
by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and including payments under the Swap 
Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates. 
"Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool" means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or any 
other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of:  
(i) 
the product of: 
(a) the applicable Discount Factor; and

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
(b) the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the 
Eligible Cover Pool (provided that such future principal and interest payments in respect of any Mortgage Loan for 
which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) or (f), as 
the case may be, of the CRR will be considered up to an amount that, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating 
to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) and the aggregate amount of all sums standing 
to the credit of Accounts (subject to the Exposure Limit, and minus any amount deposited to the Transaction Account 
on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any Eligible Institution) as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to 
the Exposure Limit, as applicable, at such date; plus 
(ii) 
the product of: 
(a) the applicable Discount Factor; and 
(b) the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Swap Agreements; minus 
(iii) 
the product of: 
(a) the applicable Discount Factor; and 
(b) any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in accordance with the relevant 
Priorities of Payments (including the Expected Maintenance and Administration Cost); plus 
(iv) 
any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Cover Pool for the Mandatory Tests and not yet 
applied under the relevant Priority of Payments, subject to Exposure Limit as applicable. 
"Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds" means on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected 
principal and interest payments due in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Discount Factor" means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Calculation Agent on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant 
to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
"Eligible Cover Pool" means, as at any relevant date, the aggregate of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool, excluding (i) any Defaulted Receivables and those Eligible Asset, Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in relation to which a breach of any of the representations and warranties contained in the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied and (ii) the aggregate of the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets in excess 
of the Exposure Limit and (iii) unsecured receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, as provided by 
article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130. 
"Defaulted Receivables" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Servicing Agreement. 
"Swap Curve" means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best market practice and 
calculation based on market instruments. 
"Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs" means any expected cost related to maintenance and administration for the 
winding-down of the Programme appraised as an all-in sum equal to Euro 100,000.00 (one hundred thousand/00). 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, shall verify the 
compliance, on a continuous basis, with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and on 
any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, it being understood that calculation of the Mandatory Tests shall be performed 
consistently with the provisions set out in article 7-undecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test is deemed to be met at any relevant date if the Asset Coverage Test 
is met. Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met if the Amortisation 
Test is met.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be verified from time to time by the 
Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
Asset Coverage Test  
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of:  
(A) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions;  
(B) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor,  
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) has undertaken to procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other date on which verification of the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least 
equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the "Asset Coverage Test", and together with the 
Mandatory Tests, collectively, the "Tests").  
For the purpose of calculating the Asset Coverage Test, "Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount" means an amount equal to  
A+B+C+D-Y-Z-W  
Where  
A is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), where:  
(i) 
means the sum of the "LTV Adjusted Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool, which shall 
be the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that 
Mortgage Loan multiplied by M (where (a) for all Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not in 
arrears, M = 80 per cent. for residential mortgage loans and, M= 60 per cent. for commercial mortgage loans; (b) M=40 
per cent. for all Delinquent Receivables; and (c) M=0 per cent. for all Defaulted Receivables (including any unsecured 
loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred) and/or for all Renegotiated Loans) 
minus  
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the previous Calculation Period:  
(a) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and 
warranties contained in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor 
to the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an 
"Affected Loan"). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed 
to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or Affected 
Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or  
(b) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material warranty under the Master 
Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of 
the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in 
the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be 
deemed to be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Calculation Agent without 
double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller to 
indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a "Breach Related Loss");  
AND  
(ii) 
means the aggregate "Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance" of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
minus the aggregate sum of any Breach Related Losses occurred during the previous Calculation Period calculated as 
described under (i)(b) above. In relation to each Mortgage Loan the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance shall be 
the Asset Percentage (defined below) multiplied by {(the lower of (1) and (2)) minus (3)}, where:

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period;  
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by N (where N = 1 for all Mortgage Loans that 
are less than three months in arrears or not in arrears, N = 40 per cent. for all Delinquent Receivables and N = 0 
per cent. for all Defaulted Receivables and/or for all Renegotiated Loans);  
(3) 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage loan if it is deemed to be an Affected 
Loan.  
B 
is equal to the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts at the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied as at the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date, as the case 
may be and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be to acquire further Receivables or otherwise applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to the Exposure Limit, as applicable, at such date;  
C 
is equal to the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Eligible Investments and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (excluded those already accounted for under item B above and taking into account any Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for the purpose of complying with the Asset 
Coverage Test) as at the end of the previous Collection Period;  
D 
is equal to the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Public Entity Security (excluded those already accounted 
for under item C above) as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period, which will be reduced by a percentage based 
on a methodology commensurate with the then-current ratings of the Covered Bonds;  
Y 
is equal to the higher of the Potential Set-Off Amount 1 and the Moody's Potential Set-Off Amount;  
Z 
is equal to the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor, and  
W 
is equal to the higher of the Potential Commingling Amount 1 and the Moody's Potential Commingling Amount.  
"Potential Commingling Amount 1" means (i) nil, if the Issuer's long term ratings are at least Minimum DBRS Rating by DBRS, 
otherwise (ii) 1.6% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool. The Potential Commingling Amount 1 will 
be updated at least on a quarterly basis.  
"Moody's Potential Commingling Amount" means (i) nil, if the Issuer's short term rating is at least P1 by Moody's, otherwise (ii) 
2.1 % of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool. The Moody's Potential Commingling Amount will be 
updated at least on a quarterly basis according to Moody's methodology.  
"Moody's Potential Set-Off Amounts" means (i) nil, if the Issuer's short term rating is at least P1 by Moody's, otherwise (ii) the 
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool that could potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising 
their set-off rights, and which in any case will never be higher than the Moody's Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be 
carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement  and any other Transaction Documents, as the 
case may be, except when the Issuer's short term rating is at least P1 by Moody's. The Moody's Potential Set-Off Amount will be 
updated at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer of Receivables to the Guarantor.  
"Moody's Set-Off Exposure" means for each Debtor the lower of:  
(i) 
the greater of a) the aggregate amount of cash, certificates of deposit, saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the 
Seller at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage Loan up to the immediately preceding Collection Period, as 
subsequently reduced by the use of such balance from the Debtor, minus the Moody's Deposit Compensation and b) zero.  
(ii) 
the aggregate of the outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage Loan for a Debtor up to the immediately preceding 
Collection Period.  
"Moody's Deposit Compensation" means for each Debtor the lower of:  
(i) 
the greater of a) the aggregate amount of cash, certificates of deposit, saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the 
Seller at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage Loan up to the immediately preceding Collection Period, as

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
subsequently reduced by the use of such balance from the Debtor, minus the instalments due and paid under the relevant 
Mortgage Loan over the immediately preceding two months, and b) zero.  
(ii) 
the Compensation Threshold.  
"Compensation Threshold" means an amount as deemed appropriate according to Moody's methodology.  
"Potential Set-Off Amounts 1" means (i) nil, if the Issuer's long term ratings are at least Minimum DBRS Rating by DBRS 
otherwise (ii) 2% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool. Such amount will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be, except when the Issuer's short and long term ratings are at least equal to the Minimum DBRS Rating by DBRS. The Potential 
Set-Off Amount 1 will be updated on an annual basis according to the methodology deemed appropriate by DBRS.  
"Negative Carry Factor" means a percentage calculated by reference to the weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and 
will, in any event, be not less than 0.50 per cent..  
"Renegotiated Loan" means a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool whose relevant borrower has requested a suspension of 
payment pursuant to the Decree of the Ministry of Finance of 25 February 2009 implementing legislative decree No. 185 of 29 
November 2008, as converted into law through law No. 2 of 28 January 2009, or under the renegotiation scheme for distressed 
borrowers signed by the Italian Banks Association (ABI) on 18 December 2009, during the suspension period or whose relevant 
borrower has requested a renegotiation in accordance with law decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011.  
"Asset Percentage" on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be shall be the lowest of:  
(i) 
90 per cent.;  
(ii) 
the percentage figure as selected from time to time by the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on such Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, or, where the Guarantor and/or 
the Calculation Agent has selected and (if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requests) the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has been notified of the minimum percentage figure on the relevant Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, on the last date of such 
notification, if applicable, being the asset percentage required to ensure that the Covered Bonds maintain the then current 
ratings assigned to them by DBRS; and  
(iii) 
the percentage figure as selected from time to time by the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent (if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requests) to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on such Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date 
on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be or, where the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent has selected and 
(if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requests) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been 
notified of the minimum percentage figure on the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other 
date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, on the last date of such notification, if applicable, being the difference 
between 100 per cent. and the amount of credit enhancement required to ensure that the Covered Bonds achieve an Aaa 
rating by Moody's using Moody's expected loss methodology (regardless of the actual Moody's rating of the Covered 
Bonds at the time).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Asset Percentage may not, at any time, exceed 90 per cent.. The Asset Percentage will be published 
on the Investor Report to be delivered by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
Notwithstanding anything set out above, the Rating Agencies will not be required to provide a calculation of the Asset Percentage 
on a regular basis.  
"Latest Valuation" means the most recent valuation of the relevant property performed in accordance with article 208, paragraph 
3 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms the BoI Regulations.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
The Amortisation Test  
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date 
on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount shall be equal to, or higher than, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (the 
"Amortisation Test").  
For the purpose of calculating the Amortisation Test the "Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" means an amount equal 
to A+B+C+D-Z  
Where:  
A is the lower of:  
(a) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period multiplied by M; and  
(b) 
the Latest Valuation multiplied by M, where for all the Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not in 
arrears M = 100 per cent. for residential mortgage loans, M = 100 per cent. for commercial mortgage loans, for all the 
Delinquent Receivables M = 85 per cent. and or for all the Defaulted Receivables M = 60 per cent. (including any unsecured 
loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred);  
B 
is equal to the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts at the end of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period which have not been applied as at the relevant Calculation Dateand/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, to acquire further Receivables or otherwise applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Paymentsup to the Exposure Limit, as applicable, at such date;  
C 
is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Eligible Investments and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(excluded those already accounted for under item B above) as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period 
up to the Exposure Limit, as applicable;  
D 
is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Public Public Entity Security (excluded those already accounted for 
under item C above) as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period, which will be reduced by a percentage 
based on a methodology deemed commensurate with the then-current ratings of the Covered Bonds; and  
Z 
is the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds then outstanding multiplied by the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor.  
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of this 
Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
on any other date on which the verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents and shall inform the Representative of the Covered Bondholders if a breach of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory 
Test has occurred.  
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal Value Test is deemed to be met if 
the Amortisation Test is met.  
If a breach of the Amortisation Test, or of the Mandatory Tests, occurs then a Guarantor Event of Default shall occur and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an Acceleration Notice to the Guarantor declaring that a Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise.  
Required Reserve Amount  
"Required Reserve Amount" means, if the Issuer's short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
rated at least P-1 by Moody's and R-1 (High) by DBRS, nil or such other amount as the Issuer shall direct the Guarantor from time 
to time and otherwise, an amount which will be determined on each Payment Report Date and which will be equal to the aggregate 
amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount payable under items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments; (b) any interest amounts due in the next three months to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in respect of each 
relevant Covered Bond Swap or, if no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered into with BPER (formerly,

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
Banca Carige) in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the interests amounts due in relation to that Series of Covered Bonds in the 
next three months and (c) Euro 400,000.00. See further "Description of the Transaction Documents — Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement". 
The Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and 
the BoI Regulations, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, in accordance with, and pursuant to, article 
7-duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other day on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met that 
the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity 
Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days.  
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts 
shall be considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such liquid assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible 
assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 130. 
For so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the 
information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other day on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the 
case may be. For the avoidance of doubt all verifications made by the Calculation Agent will be based on the information provided 
by the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller), the Servicer, the Account Banks and the Paying Agents as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period. 
If, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the calculation of the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, prior to an Issuer Event of Default, , upon receipt of the notice 
of the Calculation Agent delivered in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer shall, alternatively: 
(i) 
sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement, and, to this extent, shall grant the 
funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
repurchase assets by exercising the call option provided for under the Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with and 
subject to the terms set out therein; and/or 
(iii) 
grant to the Guarantor funds under the Subordinated Loan Agreement,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as practicable. 
For the entire period while the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied, no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may 
be issued being compliant with Law 130. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the 
Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents 
– that the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any 
other day on which the calculation of the Exposure Limit is to be verified pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt such calculation is performed with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool as 
of the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Limit is not correctly calculated, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such calculation (sending a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly 
computed). In addition, the Issuer may:  
(i) 
sell sufficient Subsequent Receivables to the Guarantor, which will use to any possible extent the Available Funds, in 
accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement; and/or  
(ii) request the Guarantor to reimburse the subordinated loan in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement,

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Limit is complied with the terms and conditions set out under the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not breached, if the Exposure Limit is not complied 
with, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, and, acting upon 
instructions of the Covered Bondholders and on the basis of the Test Performance Report, shall give instructions to the Cash Manager 
to invest all or part of the amounts standing on the Investment Account in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities 
eligible under article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b) of CRR. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, following 
the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor), 
the Calculation Agent shall verify (in addition to the Amortisation Test being met in accordance with Clause 7 above) that the 
Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other day on which the 
calculation of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
If, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other day on which the calculation of the Minimum 
OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be, the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached, the Calculation Agent shall send a written notice within 2 Business 
Days, to the Servicer, the Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset 
Monitor. 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance with the provisions of Clause 10.2 above, then the Guarantor, acting 
upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall: 
(i) 
give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing to the Investment Account in Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR; 
(ii) instruct the Cover Pool Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum OC 
Requirement. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS  
The following accounts shall be established and maintained with the Account Banks as separate accounts in the name of the 
Guarantor. Find below a description of the deposits and withdrawals in respect of the accounts:  
1. 
The Expense Account 
(a) 
Payments into the Expense Account: 
(i) 
on the Initial Issue Date the Expense Required Amount will be credited on the Expense Account; 
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expense Account in accordance with 
the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals the Expense Required 
Amount. 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Expense Account: 
(i) 
the Italian Account Bank will use the funds standing to the credit of the Expense Account to make 
payments relating to any and all documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid pursuant 
to the instructions of the Guarantor (through the Corporate Servicer); 
(ii) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Expense Account, 
if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account; 
(iii) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled 
and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Expense Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
2. 
The Quota Capital Account 
(a) 
Payments into the Quota Capital Account: 
all the capital contributions of each quotaholder in the Guarantor and any interest accrued thereon are credited to 
the Quota Capital Account. 
3. 
The Investment Account  
(a) 
Payments into the Investment Account: 
(i) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account will be deposited upon discretion of the 
Investment Agent; and 
(ii) 
on each Liquidation Date, or any other relevant date upon liquidation of the Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets pursuant to clause 4.5 (b)(ii) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the Eligible Investments, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets (other than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) 
if any, during the preceding Collection Period, will be credited. 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Investment Account: 
(i) 
the funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) will be used to make Eligible 
Investments in accordance with clause 6 (Duties of the Cash Manager) of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement;

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
(ii) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Investment Account 
and the proceeds of the liquidation of the Eligible Investments during the preceding Collection Period, 
if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account; 
(iii) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the servicing of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, all or part of the amounts standing to the credit thereof may be applied by the Cash 
Manager to acquire Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with clause 8.3 and/or clause 
10.3(i) of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; and 
(iv) 
on any relevant date upon liquidation of the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to clause 
4.5 (b)(ii) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
amounts of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity 
Buffer Securities Account) pursuant to clause 4.3(a)(ii) of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement will be credited in the Transaction Account. 
4. 
The Reserve Account 
(a) 
Payments into the Reserve Account: 
(i) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date the Reserve Account will be credited with the proceeds of Interest 
Available Funds according to the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments for the 
purpose of setting aside, on each Guarantor Payment Date, the relevant Required Reserve Amount and, 
in case of a Shortfall, with amounts advanced under the Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(ii) 
on any relevant date (other than a Guarantor Payment Date) on which any advance granted by the 
Liquidity Facility Provider to the Guarantor pursuant to the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the Reserve 
Account will be credited with the amount equal to any such advance. 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Reserve Account: 
(i) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the funds standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount will be considered by the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent as Interest Available Funds according to the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments for the purposes of the Payments Report and used accordingly by the 
Transaction Bank to make payments as indicated in such Payments Report; 
(ii) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will apply the funds standing to the Reserve 
Account in the event that, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor is required to pay 
all costs and expenses ranking under items (ii) to (iii) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments as well as amounts due under the Covered Bond Swaps or, as the case may be, 
under the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Reserve Account, 
if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account; and 
(iv) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled 
and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit 
of the Reserve Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
5. 
The Securities Account 
(a) 
Recording into the Securities Account:

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
all securities constituting Eligible Investments made with the amounts standing to the credit of the Investment 
Account, pursuant to any direction of the Investment Agent, and all Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other 
than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) consisting of securities will be deposited. 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Securities Account: 
(i) 
not later than 4 (four) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, the Eligible Investments 
standing to the credit of the Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds (including any interest 
or revenue accrued on such Eligible Investments) credited to the Investment Account; 
(ii) 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than Liquid Assets deposited 
on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) will be liquidated in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and proceeds (including any interest or revenue accrued on such Eligible 
Investments and/or Integration Asset and/or Liquid Assets) credited to the Investment Account 
promptly upon liquidation;  
(iii) 
the interest accrued on the investments standing to the credit balance of the Securities Account, if any, 
will be transferred to the Investment Account. 
6. 
The Transaction Account 
(a) 
Payments into the Transaction Account: 
(i) 
no later than the Business Day immediately following the relevant date of receipt, any principal and 
interest payment in relation to the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets part 
of the Cover Pool received by the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement, will be deposited into the Transaction Account; 
(ii) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreements 
will be credited to the Transaction Account, except for collateral to be credited to the Collateral 
Account; 
(iii) 
all other payments paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents including - for the 
avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Seller in accordance with the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement will be credited to the Transaction Account;  
(iv) 
all the funds advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be credited to the Transaction 
Account; 
(v) 
the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to 
clause 4.3(b)(iv) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(vi) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay but before an Acceleration Notice, any amount standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account shall be transferred 1 (one) Business Day prior to each 
Guarantor Payment Date, into the Transaction Account;  
(vii) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts (except as otherwise provided herein). 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Transaction Account: 
(i) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Transaction Bank will make those payments as are indicated in 
the relevant Payments Report; 
(ii) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Transaction Bank will, on behalf of the Guarantor and subject 
to the availability of sufficient Available Funds and in accordance with the Payments Report, transfer

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
from the Transaction Account to the Expense Account, the amounts necessary to replenish the Expense 
Account up to the Expense Required Amount; 
(iii) 
the Transaction Bank will transfer from the Transaction Account to the Investment Account, upon 
instruction of the Investment Agent, all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the credit of, 
the Transaction Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
(iv) 
the proceeds of any advances made to the Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be 
applied to acquire the Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent Receivables or to make Eligible 
Investment pursuant to the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement; and 
(v) 
no later than two Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date falling after an Issuer Event of 
Default and delivery of a Notice to Pay but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and delivery of an 
Acceleration Notice (and daily following a Guarantor Event of Default and delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice), the Transaction Bank will transfer to the Principal Paying Agent the amounts necessary to 
execute payments of interests and principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds, provided 
that as long as the Principal Paying Agent and the Transaction Bank are the same entity clause 
4.6(b)(iv) of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement shall not apply. 
7. 
Liquidity Buffer Account 
(a) 
Payments into the Liquidity Buffer Account: 
(i) 
Liquid Assets (other than securities) will be credited for the purpose of the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, including through an advance of the Subordinated Loan pursuant to the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement;  
(ii) 
the proceeds from the liquidation of the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Securities Account, also including the interest accrued on securities constituting Liquid Assets, will 
be credited; and 
(iii) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto; 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Liquidity Buffer Account: 
(i) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the 
credit balance of the Liquidity Buffer Account, will be transferred to the Transaction Account; and 
(ii) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay, any amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account shall be transferred 1 (one) Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, into the 
Transaction Account. 
8. 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account 
(a) 
Recording into the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account: 
all securities constituting Liquid Assets will be deposited for the purpose of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount; 
(b) 
Withdrawals from the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account: 
upon instructions of the Guarantor (as directed by the Issuer before the occurrence Notice to Pay or by the Cover 
Pool Manager following a Notice to pay and before an Acceleration Notice), the Liquid Assets standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account may be liquidated and proceeds credited to the Liquidity Buffer 
Account.

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
The Transaction Account, the Reserve Account, the Investment Account, the Securities Account, the Quota Capital Account, the 
Expense Account, the Collateral Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account 
(if any), are jointly referred to as the "Accounts". 
No payment other than payments contemplated above and by the terms of the Transaction Documents may be made out of the 
Accounts without the prior written approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in any such account becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds for general funding purposes of the BPER Group.

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS  
Master Transfer Agreement  
Pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as 
subsequently amended (the "Master Transfer Agreement"), (a) the Seller has transferred an initial portfolio of receivables arising 
from mortgage Loans (the “Initial Receivables”) and (b) the Seller may assign and transfer further portfolios of Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (the “Subsequent Receivables”), in the cases and subject to the limits on the transfer 
indicated therein.  
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Loans.  
"Integration Assets" means (i) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR which meet the requirements 
set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130, and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other 
exposures mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and 
(ii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR. 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, provided that such 
assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 of the CRR and Law 130. 
"Mortgage Loans" means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali e commerciali) pursuant 
to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree, as applicable until the Implementation Date, and pursuant to Article 
129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of CRR, as applicable as of the Implementation Date. 
"Public Entity Securities" means any securities which meet the requirements set out under article 129, paragraph 1, let. (a) and 
(b) and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Evaluation Date" means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables the relevant Transfer Date and (ii) in respect of any of the 
Subsequent Receivables, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent Receivables. 
Purchase Price  
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined, and the Purchase Price for the Subsequent Receivables 
will be determined, pursuant to the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement.  
The Initial Receivables  
The Initial Receivables, originated by the Seller and to be transferred to the Guarantor according to the Master Transfer Agreement, 
consist of receivables arising from Mortgage Loans only.  
Further assignments of Subsequent Receivables 
In accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Seller may (or, in order to 
prevent or to cure a breach of the Tests, shall) transfer further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the 
following circumstances:  
(a) 
to collateralise and allow the issue of further series or tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, each being an Issuance 
Assignment; 
(b) 
to invest (in whole or in part) the principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or Principal Available Funds deriving from 
the Eligible Assets and/or the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
provided that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each being a Revolving Assignment; 
(c) 
to ensure compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Limit in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement, each being an Integration Assignment. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, in the event of breach of any or all of the Mandatory Tests or the Asset Coverage Test, 
the Seller shall, or in the event of breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Exposure Limit, the Seller will have the 
faculty to, transfer Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, in aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure that the relevant Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Exposure Limit, as the case may be, are 
met in accordance with the OBG Regulations.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Receivables shall be conditional upon:  
(a) 
for the carrying out of Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of Principal Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) a breach of the Asset Coverage Test, of the Mandatory Tests 
and of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount does not occur after such assignment; and  
(b) 
for the carrying out of Issuance Assignments and of the Integration Assignments, the funding of the requested amounts 
under the Subordinated Loan, unless, with reference to the Integration Assignments, for the satisfaction of the Asset 
Coverage Test, of the Mandatory Tests and of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount through the purchase of further Eligible 
Assets, the use of Available Funds in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments can suffice. 
Each further portfolio of Subsequent Receivables shall be exclusively composed of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets, which comply, if applicable, with the General Criteria and, in relation to the relevant transfer, the Specific Criteria 
attached to the relevant offer for sale sent by the Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Price Adjustments  
The Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which:  
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Receivable which is part of the Initial Receivables or of the Subsequent 
Receivables does not meet the Criteria, then such Receivable will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to 
the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement;  
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, any Receivable which meets the Criteria but it is not part of the Initial Receivables 
or of the Subsequent Receivables, then such Receivable shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred to the 
Guarantor as of the Transfer Date of the relevant Receivables, pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement.  
Repurchase of receivables and pre-emption right  
The Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to repurchase the Receivables, the 
Integration Assets and /or the Liquid Assets assigned by it, also in different tranches, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
set out in the Master Transfer Agreement. In particular, pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, prior to the service of a Notice 
to Pay, the Seller will have the right to repurchase Eligible Assets and/or the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets transferred 
to the Guarantor under the Master Transfer Agreement if:  
(a) 
such Receivables have became non-eligible in accordance with Law 130; 
(b) 
such Receivables derive from Affected Loans;  
(c) 
such Receivables are Defaulted Receivables (Crediti in Sofferenza) or Delinquent Receivables (Crediti ad Incaglio);  
(d) 
to purchase Receivables in relation to which a request of renegotiation has been submitted by the relevant debtor;  
(e) 
to purchase Receivables to be selected on a random basis provided that the repurchase does not result in a breach of the 
Tests and of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount;  
(f) 
to purchase Receivables forming part of the Cover Pool after the date in which all the outstanding Covered Bonds have 
been redeemed.  
According to Article 10 of the Master Transfer Agreement, the Seller is granted with a pre-emption right to repurchase the 
Receivables respectively assigned by it to be sold by the Guarantor to third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for 
such third parties.  
Substitution of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
Further to the relevant effective date, the Seller will have the option to repurchase from the Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) 
further portfolios of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, in accordance with the BoI Regulations, for 
the purposes of:  
(a) 
substitution of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets which have became non-eligible in 
accordance with the BoI Regulations, in exchange for new receivables arising from Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets;

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
(b) 
substitution of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets which are still eligible assets which fall 
within the scope of lett. (b), (c), (d), and (e) of the preceding paragraph "Repurchase of receivables and Pre-emption right", 
in exchange for new Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets;  
(c) 
substitution of Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets forming part of the Cover Pool in exchange for new Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. 
Termination of the Guarantor's obligation to purchase and termination of the agreement  
Pursuant to Article 7 of the Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Receivables from 
the Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the Programme Termination Date has occurred; (b) an 
Issuer Event of Default has occurred, other than those set out under the subsequent points, among those expressly indicated in the 
Conditions; moreover the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Receivables from the Seller shall terminate upon the 
occurrence of any of the following (i) a breach of material obligations of the Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents has 
occurred, in the event such breach is not cured within the period specified in the Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not 
curable; (ii) any material breach of the Seller's representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents and such 
breach has an adverse effect on the Programme; (iii) a Seller's material adverse change has occurred and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, once became aware of it, has communicated it to the Guarantor; (iv) winding up of the Seller, or opening of 
other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to the Seller; (v) a change in law and regulations which has made the issue 
of Covered Bonds impossible or less convenient, both from an economic and commercial point of view, for the parties; (vi) the 
Seller being submitted to inspections or sanctions by the competent regulatory and supervisory authorities or the commencement 
of a judicial proceeding which may cause the occurrence of a material adverse change of the Seller.  
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to purchase Subsequent 
Receivables save for the provisions contained in the Master Transfer Agreement in relation to the Integration Assignment.  
Undertakings  
The Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Seller in respect of its activities in relation to the 
Receivables. The Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables which may 
prejudice the validity or recoverability of any Receivables and in particular not to assign or transfer the Receivables to any third 
party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the 
Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Master Transfer Agreement. The Seller also has undertaken to refrain from 
any action which could cause any of the Receivables to become invalid or to cause a reduction in the amount of any of the 
Receivables or the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the Seller shall waive any set off 
rights in respect of the Receivables, and cooperate actively with the Guarantor in any activity concerning the Receivables.  
Governing Law 
The Master Transfer Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, also in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, dated 14 November 2008, as subsequently amended (the "Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement"), the Seller made certain representations and warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the portfolio assigned by it.  
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the Master Transfer Agreement, as of each subsequent Transfer Date and as of each 
Issue Date, the Seller gives to the Guarantor, inter alia, representations and warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the 
information and the documents provided to the Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Receivables, (d) the status of the Receivables 
assigned by it, (e) the terms and conditions of the Receivables assigned by it.  
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller undertakes to fully and promptly indemnify and hold harmless the 
Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, from and against any and all 
damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and disbursements 
and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for damages by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, 
any of them, arising from any representations and/or warranties made by the Seller under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
being actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Seller to perform any of the obligations and undertakings assumed 
by the Seller under the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
Without prejudice of the foregoing, the Seller has further undertaken that, if any claim does not exist, in whole or in part, (including 
where such non-existence is based only on a judicial pronouncement that is not definitive), the Seller shall immediately pay the 
Guarantor any damage, costs, expenses incurred by the Guarantor. In the event that, thereafter, any definitive judicial 
pronouncement recognises that such claim exists, the Guarantor shall repay the amounts mentioned above received by the Seller 
on the immediately subsequent Guarantor Payment Date, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments.  
Governing Law  
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Subordinated Loan Agreement  
Pursuant to a subordinated loan agreement entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as 
subsequently amended (the "Subordinated Loan Agreement"), the Seller granted to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the 
"Subordinated Loan") with a maximum amount equal to the commitment limit as specified in the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
save for the further increase that may be determined unilaterally by the Subordinated Loan Provider through a written notice to the 
Guarantor (the "Commitment Limit"). Under the provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Seller shall make advances 
to the Guarantor in amounts equal to the purchase price of the Receivables transferred from time to time to the Guarantor, including 
the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Asset transferred in order to prevent a breach of the Tests.  
Each advance granted pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (i) a term loan advanced to fund the 
purchase price of Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (the "Issuance Advance"); and (ii) a term 
loan advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the framework 
of an Integration Assignment (the "Integration Advance"); (iii) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying any amount 
required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent 
Receivables in accordance with the Master Transfer Agreement (the "Price Adjustment Advance"); and (iv) financing the creation 
and/or the maintenance of a cash reserve composed by Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (also in the form of bank deposit), 
or the purchase of other Liquid Assets, in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (the "Eligible Deposits or Liquid 
Assets Advance").  
The Guarantor shall pay any amounts interests due under the Subordinated Loan on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments.  
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the Subordinated Loan Interest. 
"Subordinated Loan Interest" means: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and, in the event that such Issuer Event of Default is no longer in 
place, an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic calculation of: 
(i) 
the amount of Interest Available Funds; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (xi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment; or 
(b) 
following the service of an Issuer Event of Default and for so long as such Issuer Event of Default is in place, but prior to 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic calculation of: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Funds; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vii) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
or 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic 
calculation of: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Funds; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments.

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the latest maturity date of the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the Available Funds and in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments.   
Governing Law  
The Subordinated Loan Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Covered Bond Guarantee  
The Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds according to an 
agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders dated 1 December 2008, as 
subsequently amended (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") and in accordance with the provisions of the Law 130.  
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and service of a Notice 
of Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the 
order of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date.  
Pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law 130 and Article 4 of the MEF Decree as applicable until the Implementation Date, and articles 7-
sexies, paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 as applicable from the Implementation Date, the guarantee provided 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional and independent guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and therefore 
provides for direct and independent obligations of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. The obligation of payment 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be an unconditional obligation of the  Guarantor, at first demand (a prima richiesta), 
irrevocable (irrevocabile) and with limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. The provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating 
to fideiussione set forth in Articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 
2 (Escussione preventiva), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 
1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell'obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and the service, by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, of 
an Acceleration Notice in respect of all Covered Bonds, which shall become immediately due and repayable, the Guarantor shall 
pay or procure to be paid on the Due for Payment Date to the Covered Bondholders, the Guaranteed Amounts for all outstanding 
Covered Bonds.  
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, payment by the 
Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Due for Payment Date subject as described below in relation 
to an Article 74 Event or the occurrence of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or resolution (risoluzione) 
of the Issuer, provided that, if an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms and actually applied, any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Guarantor 
on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default due to a resolution entered into with respect to the Issuer pursuant to Article 
74 of the Banking Law (an "Article 74 Event"), the Guarantor, in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of the Law 
130, shall be solely responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within the Suspension 
Period and upon the end of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against 
the Issuer). The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor Guarantor (the "Article 74 Event Cure Notice") in accordance with the Conditions 
and the Intercreditor Agreement, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
As of the date of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent permissible by law and 
without prejudice to Condition 11(a)(iv), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or following the service of an Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, in accordance with the provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies paragraph 3 of Law 130, 
unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, 
fulfil all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders within the limit of the Cover Pool and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions originally set out for the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
Following service of an Acceleration Notice all Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Guarantor, becoming due and payable, 
and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves and the Available Funds shall be applied in accordance with the Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payment.  
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, assessments or other governmental charges are required by law or regulation or 
administrative practice of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be 
withheld or deducted. The Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount 
of such withholding or deduction.  
Exercise of rights  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence 
of any Guarantor Events of Default, the Guarantor, in accordance with the provisions set forth under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and with reference and as of the date of administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent 
permissible by law and without prejudice to Condition 11(a)(iv), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer, unless the Issuer has fulfilled 
its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, shall substitute the Issuer in 
all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for 
the Covered Bonds, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive 
payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Due for Payment Date. In consideration 
of the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of 
the Covered Bondholders vis à vis the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds.  
As a consequence and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Covered Bondholders have irrevocably delegated to the 
Guarantor (also in the interest and for the benefit of the Guarantor) the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the 
performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds including any enforcement rights for 
acceleration of payment provisions provided under the Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, upon request of the Guarantor, shall provide 
the Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or expedient for taking all necessary 
steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate.  
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee:  
"Due for Payment Date" means (a) at any time prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, a Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
(as defined below) or (b) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the Acceleration Notice is 
served on the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, Due for Payment Date will be the next following 
Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, Due for Payment Date does not refer to any earlier date upon which payment of any 
Guaranteed Amounts may become due by reason of prepayment, mandatory or optional redemption or otherwise.  
"Final Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
"Guaranteed Amounts" means, (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts payable 
by the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity 
Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered 
Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator in 
bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered 
from any other source (the "Clawed Back Amounts").  
"Scheduled Due for Payment Date" means:  
(a) 
(i) the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts is reached, and (ii) only with 
respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the day which

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
is two Business Days following service of the Notice to Pay on the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, if 
such Notice to Pay has not been served by the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or  
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specified that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds, the CB Payment Date that would have applied if the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds had been the 
Extended Maturity Date or such other CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Scheduled Interest" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been due and payable under 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts relating to premiums, 
default interest or interest upon interest: the "Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts") payable by the Issuer following an Issuer 
Event of Default, but including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) following service of an 
Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) or where applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up 
in respect of any withholding or deduction made under the circumstances set out in the Conditions.  
"Scheduled Payment Date" means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB Payment Date.  
"Scheduled Principal" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been due and payable under 
the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms (but excluding any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding 
indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest: the "Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts") payable by the Issuer 
following an Issuer Event of Default, but including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) 
following service of an Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and payable prior to their Maturity Date 
and, if the Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to relevant Series or Tranche, if the maturity date of 
such Series or Tranche had been the Extended Maturity Date.  
Governing Law  
The Covered Bond Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to a servicing agreement entered into between the Servicer and the Guarantor, dated 14 November 2008, as subsequently 
amended (the "Servicing Agreement"), the Guarantor has appointed Banca Carige (successively, BPER) to act as servicer in the 
context of the Programme (the "Servicer"). The Servicer has agreed to administer and service the Receivables on behalf of the 
Guarantor. Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection with the 
Receivables, and, in general, has agreed to be responsible for the management of the Receivables and for cash and payment services 
(soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements 
of the Law 130. In addition, the Guarantor has appointed the Servicer and the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for verifying 
the compliance of the transactions with the laws and the Prospectus pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 3(c), and 6-bis of Law 130 
and to provide certain monitoring activities in relation to the Receivables transferred from time to time by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement.  
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides that each of the 
Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable 
Priorities of Payments.  
Servicer's activities  
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, on a best effects basis, inter alia, the activities specified 
below in relation to the Receivables transferred from time to time by the Seller to the Guarantor:  
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables, in accordance with the collection policies; management 
and administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings;  
(b) 
to keep the "Archivio Unico Informatico" ("AUI") and perform the activities required in order to comply with the anti-
money laundering legislation and regulations;

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
(c) 
to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent and the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the Collections made by 
the Seller in respect of the Receivables during the preceding Collection Period. The reports will provide the main 
information relating to the Servicer's activity during the period;  
(d) 
to act as responsible for Data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali) as pursuant to Article 29 of the 
legislative decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003 (the "Privacy Law") and Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (the "GDPR") and any implementing provisions thereof.  
(e) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the documents relating to the transfer of the Receivables respectively assigned by 
it to the Guarantor; to consent to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to examine and inspect 
the documents and to draw copies;  
(f) 
upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the Servicer will be obliged to follow the instructions of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if acting on behalf of the Guarantor, sell or offer to sell to third 
parties one or more Receivables respectively transferred by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.  
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except for the supervisory activities in 
accordance with Bank of Italy Regulations of 5 August 1996, No. 216, as amended and supplemented. Notwithstanding the above, 
the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the activities performed by a party so appointed by it, and shall maintain the Guarantor 
fully indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by it.  
Successor Servicer  
According to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have the right to withdraw 
the appointment of the Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity (the "Successor Servicer"). Pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken to appoint the Successor Servicer immediately after the occurrence of a termination 
event. The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of administration, management and collection of the 
Receivables in respect of which it has been appointed, as well as all other activities provided for the Servicer to substitute in the 
Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as the Servicing 
Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer following the occurrence of any of 
the termination event (each a "Servicer Termination Event").  
The Servicer Termination Events include inter alia:  
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the Servicer which failure continues for a period of 10 Business Days 
following receipt by the Servicer of a written notice from the Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or 
deposited from the date on which such amount has been required to be transferred, paid or deposited;  
(b) 
failure by the Servicer to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the Servicing Agreement and the continuation 
of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from the Guarantor;  
(c) 
an insolvency, liquidation or winding up event occurs with respect to the Servicer;  
(d) 
failure by the Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents and the continuation of such failure 
for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from the Guarantor and such breach prejudiced the 
reliance of the Guarantor on the Servicer;  
(e) 
amendments of the functions and services involved in the management of the claims and in the recovery and collection 
procedures, if such amendments may individually or jointly, prevent the Servicer from fulfil the obligations assumed under 
the Servicing Agreement;  
(f) 
the Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy's regulations for entities acting as servicer. 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator  
According to the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor has appointed Zenith Service S.p.A. as Back-up Servicer 
Facilitator to carry out the activities provided for under Article 16 of the Servicing Agreement and, in particular, to cooperate on a

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
best efforts basis with the Guarantor for the appointment of a Back-up Servicer upon the occurrence of the events indicated in 
Article 16 of the Servicing Agreement.  
Governing Law  
The Servicing Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Corporate Services Agreement  
Pursuant to the corporate services agreement entered into between the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor dated 19 January 2023, 
as subsequently amended (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), in the context of the Programme, the Corporate Servicer has 
agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain administrative services, including the keeping of the corporate books and of the 
accounting and tax registers.  
Governing Law  
The Corporate Services Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Facility Liquidity Agreement  
Pursuant to a facility liquidity agreement entered into on 19 October 2011, as subsequently amended, between the Liquidity Facility 
Provider and the Guarantor (the "Facility Liquidity Agreement"), the Liquidity Facility Provider granted to the Guarantor a 
liquidity facility, up to the maximum amount of Euro 8,000,000 (the "Liquidity Facility"), to cover any Shortfall (as defined 
below) and subject to the following conditions.  
On any Reserve Amount Calculation Date (as defined below), the Calculation Agent shall verify if the Reserve Account is 
accumulated in an amount equal to the Required Reserve Amount.  
If on any Reserve Amount Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that a Shortfall has occurred, then the Calculation 
Agent shall on the same date send a notice to the Guarantor, with a copy to the Issuer, the Cash Manager and the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, specifying the relevant Shortfall (the "Shortfall Notice").  
Upon receipt of the Shortfall Notice, and in any case no later than the immediately following calendar day, the Guarantor shall 
deliver to the Liquidity Facility Provider a Drawdown Request.  
Each Drawdown Request shall be irrevocable and shall, in relation to each Reserve Advance, specify the proposed Drawdown 
Date, which shall be five calendar days following the relevant Reserve Amount Calculation Date.  
The amount of any Reserve Advance shall be paid by the Liquidity Facility Provider on the Drawdown Date to the Reserve Account.  
The Liquidity Facility Provider shall be remunerated by way of payment of an interest rate equal to 1(one) per cent per annum, to 
be calculated according to the formula act/360, on each Guarantor Payment Date, to the extent that there are sufficient Available 
Funds at such date, and in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. The interest amount should be determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified in writing at least 4 business day prior to the relevant Payment Report Date by the Calculation 
Agent to the Guarantor and the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
The Guarantor shall repay the amount of each Reserve Advance made to it by the Liquidity Facility Provider on each Guarantor 
Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, to the extent that there are sufficient Available Funds at such 
date. Any amount so repaid can be redrawn in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Liquidity Agreement.  
For the purpose hereof, the following terms shall have the following meaning:"Drawdown Date" means the date which is five 
calendar days following the relevant Reserve Amount Calculation Date, as specified in the Drawdown Request relating thereto.  
"Drawdown Request" means a request for a Reserve Advance made in accordance with clause 2.4 of the Facility Liquidity 
Agreement, substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 to the Facility Liquidity Agreement.  
"Reserve Amount Calculation Date" means each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on 
which verification of Tests is required pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents 
and/or on each Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
"Reserve Advance" means each advance granted by the Liquidity Facility Provider to the Guarantor pursuant to the Facility 
Liquidity Agreement.  
"Shortfall" means (a) if a Reserve Amount Calculation Date falls on the same date as a Payments Report Date, an amount equal to 
the higher between  (i) zero and (ii) the difference between the Required Reserve Amount minus the amounts of funds standing to 
the credit of the Reserve Account after having used all the Available Funds according to the applicable Priority of Payments on the 
next immediately following Guarantor Payment Date; or (b) on any other Reserve Amount Calculation Date, an amount equal to 
the higher between (i) zero and (ii) the difference between the Required Reserve Amount minus the amounts of funds standing to 
the credit of the Reserve Account at the relevant Reserve Amount Calculation Date.  
Governing Law 
The Facility Liquidity Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into among the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(in its own capacity and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders) and the other Secured Creditors, dated 1 December 2008, as 
subsequently amended (the "Intercreditor Agreement"), the parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be 
applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor's payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the other 
Secured Creditors, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to a Guarantor Events of 
Default having occurred, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the payment obligations 
towards the Covered Bondholders as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured Creditors will be limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors will have a claim against the 
Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents.  
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the other Secured Creditors have irrevocably agreed that, upon 
all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following a Guarantor Events of Default and the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the activities provided by the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and (b) pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as a mandatario con rappresentanza of the Guarantor, also in the 
interest and for the benefit of the other Secured Creditors (according to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the Italian 
Civil Code), any and all of the Guarantor's Rights, including, without limitation, the right to give instructions, under each relevant 
Transaction Document, to each of the Account Banks, the Investment Agent, the Cash Manager, the  
Servicer, the Principal Paying Agent the Italian Paying Agent, and the Corporate Servicer. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result of its taking any action or failing to take any action in accordance with such 
mandate except in the case of its willful misconduct or gross negligence (dolo o colpa grave). 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer will publish, on its website and at least on a quarterly basis, a report containing 
information on the Programme as required by, article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130 and Section V of the BoI Regulations.  
Governing Law  
The Intercreditor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Mandate Agreement  
Pursuant to a mandate agreement entered into between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, dated 1 
December 2008, as subsequently amended (the "Mandate Agreement"), the Guarantor has granted a general irrevocable mandate 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors (who 
irrevocably agreed to such mandate), under and pursuant to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code, 
to act in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor on the terms and conditions specified in the Intercreditor Agreement, in exercising

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
the rights of the Guarantor under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, provided that such powers will be exercisable 
only if the Guarantor fails to timely exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents.  
Governing Law  
The Mandate Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Cash Management and Agency Agreement  
Pursuant to a cash management and agency agreement entered into between the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks, 
the Investment Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Servicer, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
dated 1 December 2008 as subsequently amended (the "Cash Management and Agency Agreement"), the Account Banks, the 
Cash Manager, the Investment Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the 
Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent and the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide the Guarantor with 
certain calculation, notification and reporting services together with account handling and cash management services in relation to 
moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts.  
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement:  
(a) 
each of the Account Banks will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor, on 2 (two) Business Days before the end of each 
Calculation Period or any other date on which the Tests are to be performed and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the 
Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement are to be verified pursuant to the Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, with a report together with account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit 
of the Accounts; 
(b) 
each of the Account Banks will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor, on 2 (two) Business Days before the end of each calendar 
month, with a report together with account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit 
of the Accounts on a monthly basis; 
(c) 
the Investment Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor, on the 20th calendar day after the end of the relevant Collection 
Period, with a report together with certain cash management services in relation to moneys standing to the credit of the 
Accounts;  
(d) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor (i) with a payments report (the "Payments 
Report") which will set out the Available Funds and the payments to be made on the following Guarantor Payment Date 
and (ii) with an investors report (the "Investor Report") which will set out certain information with respect to the Cover 
Pool and the Covered Bonds;  
(e) 
the Principal Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain calculation services;  
(f) 
the Italian Paying Agent will provide the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain payment services.  
Account Banks  
The Securities Account, the Investment Account, the Transaction Account, the Expense Account, the Reserve Account, the Quota 
Capital Account and the Collateral Account, the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) 
(together the "Accounts") have been opened and will be opened, as the case may be, in the name of the Guarantor and shall be 
operated by the Account Banks, and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
The Account Banks shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect of all the Accounts are maintained 
and such records will, on each Calculation Date, show separately (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the 
last day of the month preceding such Calculation Date; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Accounts, respectively, as of 
the last day of the month preceding such Calculation Date; and (iii) details of all amounts or securities credited to, and transfers 
made from, each of the Accounts, respectively, in the course of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Account Banks 
will inform the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, upon their request, about the balance of those of 
the Accounts which are held with it.

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, it is a necessary requirement that the Account Banks (with the exclusion 
of the Italian Account Bank) qualify as an Eligible Institution, and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination event 
thereunder.  
Cash Manager  
During each Collection Period, the Cash Manager, upon instruction received by the Investment Agent on each Investment Date, 
will apply on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account in Eligible Investments (if any).  
On each Liquidation Date, the Cash Manager, upon instruction received by the Investment Agent, may liquidate the Eligible 
Investments and credit on the Investment Account (i) the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in Eligible Investments 
and (ii) any surplus (i.e. any interest or other return on the Eligible Investments) and subsequently transfer them to the Transaction 
Account.  
Prior to each Calculation Date, the Cash Manager shall deliver a copy of its report, inter alia, to the Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer and the Calculation Agent, which 
shall include information on the Eligible Investments.  
Investment Agent  
The Investment Agent may instruct the Cash Manager (which shall have no discretion and shall entirely rely on such instructions), 
on each Investment Date, to invest, on behalf of the Guarantor, amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account to set 
Eligible Investments (if any);  
The Investment Agent will instruct the Cash Manager on each Liquidation Date, to liquidate the Eligible Investments (if any) and 
to credit on the Investment Account (i) the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in Eligible Investments and (ii) any 
surplus (i.e. any interest or other return on the Eligible Investments) and subsequently transfer them to the Transaction Account.  
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement, the Investment Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the types and amounts of Eligible Investments which 
it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be 
effected.  
Calculation Agent  
The Calculation Agent will prepare a Test Performance Report, subject to receipt by it of reports from the Servicer, the Cash 
Manager, the Account Banks, the Investment Agent and the Corporate Servicer, which will set out the Available Funds and 
payments to be made immediately following the Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or any other date on which 
the Test is to be performed under the Transaction Documents. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and subject 
to the receipt by it of the Payments Report by no later than the second Business Day preceding each Guarantor Payment Date from 
the Calculation Agent, execute the payment instructions stated by the Calculation Agent and shall allocate the amounts standing 
on the Transaction Account according to the relevant Priority of Payments.  
"Eligible Institution" means an institution whose short-term ratings are at least equal to "P-1" by Moody's and whose unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt obligations with respect to DBRS have a DBRS Rating or, failing that, a DBRS Equivalent Rating equal 
to the Minimum DBRS Rating or any other rating level from time to time provided for in the Rating Agencies' criteria.  
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
On each Payment Report Date, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the relevant priority of payments and will compile a Payments Report. 
On or prior to the Investor Report Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment Agent, the Cash Manager, the Rating Agencies, 
the Investor Report setting out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. Such Investor Report 
will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
Italian Paying Agent  
The Italian Paying Agent will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Italian Paying 
Agent acting upon instruction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall make payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor.  
Principal Paying Agent  
The Principal Paying Agent shall give all necessary instructions to the Italian Paying Agent to enable the Italian Paying Agent to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement.  
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will, upon and in accordance with the signed, written instructions of the Issuer or the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, arrange for publication of any notice which is to be given to the Covered Bondholders by publication 
in a newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg, or any other means from time to time accepted by the CSSF or 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and will maintain one copy thereof at its address and will supply a copy thereof to the Paying Agents, 
Monte Titoli and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
The Luxembourg Listing Agent will: (a) promptly forward to the Paying Agents, the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor a copy 
of any notice or communication addressed to the Guarantor or to the Issuer by any Covered Bondholders and which is received by 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent; (b) make available to the Guarantor and the Paying Agents such information in its possession as is 
reasonably required for the maintenance of the records in respect of all the Accounts; (c) comply with the listing rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange in connection with the Programme; and (d) promptly inform the Guarantor of any fact which may 
affect its duties in connection with the Programme.  
Termination  
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks (with the exclusion of the Italian Account Bank) or the 
Principal Paying Agent ceasing to qualify as Eligible Institutions, either the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents in writing to such 
termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
Governing Law  
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Cover Pool Administration Agreement  
Pursuant to a cover pool administration agreement entered into between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Calculation Agent, 
the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, dated 1 December 2008, as subsequently amended (the 
"Cover Pool Administration Agreement") the Issuer, also in its capacity as Seller, and the Guarantor have undertaken certain 
obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the Tests, or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
or miscalculation of the Exposure Limit or of a breach of the Minimum OC Requirement  (as described in detail in section "Credit 
Structure – Tests" below).  
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller), has undertaken to procure on a continuing 
basis in accordance with clause 5 of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the Tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the Mandatory Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme Termination Date that each of the 
Mandatory Tests (as described in detail in section "Credit Structure – Tests" below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Moreover, under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, in accordance 
with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other day on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount is to be met that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days (as defined in the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests”). 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, shall verify the 
compliance, on a continuous basis, with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, it being 
understood that calculation of the Mandatory Tests shall be performed consistently with the provisions set out in article 7-undecies, 
paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
The Calculation Agent will also verify, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, that the Asset Coverage Test (as 
defined in section "Credit Structure – Tests") is met as of the relevant Calculation Date, and following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in section "Credit Structure – Tests") is met.  
For so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding the Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the 
information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that (a) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is 
met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount is to be met pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be, and (b) the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the Exposure Limit is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, that the Minimum OC Requirement is met as part of the Nominal Value Test and 
(ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on 
the Guarantor), in addition to the Amortisation Test being met in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that 
the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the calculation of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be.  
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any 
other date on which the relevant Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and, if applicable, the Amortisation 
Test and/or the Minimum OC Requirement is to be performed or verified, as applicable, under the Transaction Documents, to the 
Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller), the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor, a report 
setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and, 
if applicable, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement (the "Test Performance Report"). Such report shall 
specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test and/or 
of the Minimum OC Requirement.  
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach of any Test, prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent 
Receivables (other than Eligible Deposits) in order to cure the relevant Test or, to the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient 
to cure the relevant Test, purchase from the Seller any Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits), representing an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Calculation Date. To this 
extent, the Seller shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance 
with the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
If the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the "Breach of Test Notice") on the Issuer or, if a Notice to Pay has been served to the 
Guarantor, an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor.  
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met on, or prior to, the next Monthly Calculation Date, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor.  
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Breach of Test Notice or the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default  
After the service of a Breach of Test Notice, but prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the Guarantor (or the 
Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) may, or following the service of a Notice to Pay shall, be obliged to sell Receivables in 
accordance with the provisions below, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Seller to buy such Receivables pursuant 
to the Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as set 
out in the applicable Priority of Payments.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default), the Guarantor shall (only 
if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds and/or in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount), be obliged to sell Receivables in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption 
right of the Seller pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement (the "Selected Assets"). The proceeds of any such sale shall be 
credited to the Transaction Account and applied as set out in the relevant Priority of Payments.  
If the Guarantor is required to sell Receivables, the following provisions shall apply:  
(a) 
the Guarantor may, and after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default shall, following the instructions of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, through a tender process appoint a cover pool manager of a recognised 
standing (the "Cover Pool Manager"), on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price 
for the sale of the Receivables (if such terms are commercially available in the market), to advise it in relation to the sale 
of Receivables (except where the Seller is buying the Receivables in accordance with its right of pre-emption according to 
the Master Transfer Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the Cover Pool Manager 
in accordance with such tender shall be approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
(b) 
Before offering Receivables (other than Eligible Deposits) for sale, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected Assets: (i) 
have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets will be selected than it is 
necessary to raise disposal proceeds equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount; and (iii) have an aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount (the "Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount") which is as close 
as possible to:  
(A) 
following the service of a Breach of Test Notice (but prior to service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor), such 
amount that would ensure that, if the Receivables were sold at their Current Balance plus the Arrears of Interest 
and Accrued Interest thereon, the relevant Test would be satisfied on the next Calculation Date (assuming for this 
purpose that the Breach of Test Notice is continuing on the next Calculation Date); or  
(B) 
following service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds multiplied by the ratio between the outstanding aggregate notional amount 
of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool (other than those held in the form of deposits) and Required Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding.  
"Arrears of Interest" means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan on a given date, interest and expenses which are due and payable and 
unpaid as of such date.  
"Current Balance" means in relation to a Mortgage Loan at any given date, the Outstanding Principal Balance relating to that 
Mortgage Loan as at that date.  
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means at any time the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds that has the earliest Maturity 
Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Required Redemption Amount" means in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series 
Covered Bonds, and (iii) Negative Carry Factor.  
"Adjusted Required Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to:  
(i) 
the Required Redemption Amount of the relevant Series or Series of Covered Bonds; plus or minus  
(ii) 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered Bonds) or by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
(iii) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Outstanding Principal Balance of any 
Integration Assets, Liquid Assets and/or Eligible Investments, without double counting any securities, monies or other 
amounts which is comprised in the Selected Assets; plus

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
(iv) 
all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment Dates, up until the Maturity Date of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds, to repay amounts ranking in priority or pari passu to the amounts to be paid on the Earliest 
Maturity Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
If: 
(v) 
there is more than one Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount of the Selected Assets selected in accordance with the procedure above is not sufficient to redeem the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall ensure that additional Selected Assets are selected on a Random 
Basis for an amount such that the disposal proceeds expected to be realised from the sale of the aggregate Selected Assets 
will permit to effect timely payments on the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms, provided however that following the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with 
(assuming that the disposal proceeds realised from the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets are used exclusively to repay 
the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds); or 
(vi) 
there is only one Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Guarantor will be permitted to select more 
Selected Assets than it is expected to be necessary to raise disposal proceeds for an amount equal to the Required 
Redemption Amount, provided that it will be required to offer the Selected Assets to purchasers for sale for the best price 
reasonably obtainable. 
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor 
may, upon evaluations carried out by the Cover Pool Manager taking into account the then relevant market conditions, sell Selected 
Assets on a random basis to meet the obligations in respect of any other Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding, provided that, 
prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with. 
(a) 
Save for the pre-emption right of the Seller, following the service of a Breach of Test Notice, the Guarantor (through the 
Servicer) will offer the Selected Assets to purchasers for sale for the best price reasonably obtainable but in any event for 
an amount not less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
(b) 
Following a Breach of Test Notice, if the Receivables have not been sold in an amount equal to the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or the Extended 
Maturity Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date), then the Guarantor shall offer the Receivables for sale for the best price reasonably available 
notwithstanding that such amount may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount, save for the pre-
emption right of the Seller. 
(c) 
In respect of any sale of Receivables following service of a Breach of Test Notice, the Guarantor will instruct the Cover 
Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the Receivables are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable 
(in accordance with the recommendations of the Cover Pool Manager) taking into account the market conditions at that 
time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates of the Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Save for the pre-emption right of the Seller, the Guarantor may offer for sale to purchasers part of any pool of Selected 
Assets (a Partial Cover Pool). Except in circumstances where the pool of Selected Assets is being sold within 6 months 
of the Maturity Date or, where the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has an Extended Maturity Date, prior to such Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, of the Series of Covered Bonds to be repaid from such proceeds, the sale price of the Partial 
Cover Pool (as a proportion of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount) shall be at least equal to the proportion that 
the Partial Cover Pool bears to the relevant Selected Assets. 
(e) 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may novate, if so requested, all or part of its rights under a 
relevant Asset Swap (if any) to the purchaser of Selected Assets, subject to the consent of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and prior notice to the Rating Agencies. 
(f) 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, in addition to offering Selected Assets for sale to purchasers in respect 
of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may offer to sell Selected Assets in respect of all the Series of 
Covered Bonds, save for the pre-emption right of the Seller. 
(g) 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the obligation of the Guarantor to sell Receivables, as described above, 
shall cease to apply starting from the Calculation Date, if any, on which the Tests are subsequently met, unless an Issuer

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
Event of Default has occurred and is outstanding and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to deliver a subsequent Breach of Test Notice at any time thereafter. 
(h) 
Following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds and/or 
in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Receivables may be sold first by the Guarantor (who will acts 
following the instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) and the proceeds applied in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments.  
Sale of Selected Asset following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default  
Following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf 
of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Servicer to sell 
Selected Assets, subject to any right of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller. 
Pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement, the proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction Account and applied 
in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
If the Guarantor is required to sell Selected Assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, in addition to the 
above mentioned provisions, the following provisions shall apply:  
(a) 
in addition to offering Selected Assets for sale to purchasers in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered  
Bonds, the Guarantor may offer to sell a portfolio of Selected Assets in respect of all the Series of Covered Bonds;  
(b) 
the Guarantor will instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Assets are 
sold as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that time.  
Governing Law  
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Asset Monitor Agreement  
Pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into between the Asset Monitor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Seller, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, dated 11 August 2023, as subsequently amended (the "Asset 
Monitor Agreement"), the Asset Monitor has agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation 
Agent to the Asset Monitor, to conduct independent tests in respect of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent for the 
Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement,, as applicable, in each case 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate.  
Governing Law  
The Asset Monitor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Quotaholders' Agreement  
In the context of the Programme the Quotaholders entered into a quotaholders' agreement, dated 11 April 2008, as subsequently 
amended (the "Quotaholders' Agreement"), whereby the Quotaholders agreed to provide certain corporate management services 
for the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. In the context of the OBG3 Programme each of the Quotaholders intended to 
confirm the undertakings and assumed under the Quotaholders' Agreement and to extend the benefit of it to the OBG3 Programme 
by way of an agreement for the extension of the Quotaholders' Agreement.  
The Quotaholders' Agreement contains inter alia a call option in favour of BPER to purchase from Stichting Otello and a put option 
in favour of Stichting Otello to sell to BPER, the quota of the Guarantor held by Stichting Otello and provisions in relation to the 
management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from the day on which all the Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme and of the OBG3 Programme have been redeemed in full or cancelled.  
In addition the Quotaholders' Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the payments of any dividends 
or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme and of the OBG3 Programme and any amount due to the other Secured 
Creditors have been paid in full.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
Governing Law  
The Quotaholders' Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Programme Agreement  
Pursuant to a programme agreement entered into between the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller), the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders and the Dealers, dated on 1 December 2008, as subsequently amended (the "Programme Agreement"), the parties 
have agreed that the Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers.  
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche which 
may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such 
Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and 
indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise 
agreed, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under 
any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche.  
Under the Programme Agreement the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which appointment 
has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
The Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) and the Guarantor will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, expenses and 
claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on breach of duty or misrepresentation 
by the Issuer, the Seller and the Guarantor respectively.  
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and 
for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer (a) generally in respect of the Programme or (b) in relation 
to a particular issue of Covered Bonds.  
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market making provisions.  
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Seller) and the Guarantor have given certain 
representations and warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, their selves and the information given by them in connection 
with this Base Prospectus.  
Governing Law  
The Programme Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Subscription Agreement  
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in relation to each issue 
of Covered Bonds.  
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties to such Subscription Agreement (the "Relevant 
Dealers") will enter into a subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant 
tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein.  
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders.  
Governing Law  
The Subscription Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Italian Deed of Pledge  
Pursuant to an Italian deed of pledge entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Italian Account Bank, dated 
on 1 December 2008, as subsequently amended (the "Italian Deed of Pledge"), the Guarantor pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors all the monetary claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time to time

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
(including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantee) to which the Guarantor is entitled pursuant 
or in relation to the Transaction Documents (other than the Swap Agreements, the Italian Deed of Pledge and the Deeds of Charge), 
including the monetary claims and rights relating to the amounts standing to the credit of the Italian Accounts and any other account 
established by the Guarantor with the Italian Account Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents but 
excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the Receivables.  
Governing Law  
The Italian Deed of Pledge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge 
Pursuant to a transaction accounts deed of pledge entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Transaction 
Bank, dated on 10 April 2024 (the "Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge"), the Guarantor pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors all the monetary claims and rights and all the amounts payable from time to time 
(including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantee) to which the Guarantor is entitled pursuant 
or in relation to the Transaction Documents (other than the Swap Agreements, the Italian Deed of Pledge and the Deeds of Charge), 
including the monetary claims and rights relating to the amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Accounts and any other 
account established by the Guarantor with the Transaction Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents 
but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the Receivables.  
Governing Law  
The Italian Deed of Pledge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
Deed of Charge  
Pursuant to a deed of charge entered into between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Issuer, dated 1 December 2008, as subsequently 
amended (the "Deed of Charge"), the Guarantor assigned by way of security to (or to the extent not assignable charge by way of 
fixed charge) in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting in its capacity as Security Trustee for itself and 
as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors), all of its rights, in respect of the Swap Agreements.  
Governing Law  
The Deed of Charge and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law.  
Swap Agreements  
Covered Bond Swaps  
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on each Issue Date with the Covered  Bond Swap 
Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate or currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Cover Pool 
and amounts payable by the Guarantor under, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Subordinated Loan and, following an 
Issuer Default Notice, the Covered Bonds. The notional amount of each Covered Bond Swap shall be equal to the notional 
outstanding of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds outstanding.  
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle either party to 
terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the respective Covered Bond Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, 
required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty below such ratings 
and failure by such Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without 
limitation, transferring all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to 
terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap.  
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty may be liable 
to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the respective Covered Bond Swap.  
If a Covered Bond Swap is entered into in connection with a Series of Covered Bond, such Covered Bond Swap will terminate on 
the relevant Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date as the case may be.

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document  
Each Covered Bond Swap will be documented in accordance with the documentation published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association Inc. ("ISDA"), and will be subject to:  
(a) 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto ("ISDA Master Agreement");  
(b) 
the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement ("CSA"); 
and  
(c) 
the relevant Confirmation(s).  
The Guarantor and each Swap Counterparty will also enter into a credit support document in the form of the ISDA 1995 Credit 
Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the Schedule with respect to each Swap Agreement (each, a "CSA"). Each CSA will 
provide that, from time to time, if required to do so following its downgrade and subject to the conditions specified in the CSA, the 
relevant Swap Counterparty will make transfers of collateral to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement (the "Swap Collateral") and the Guarantor will be obliged to return equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms 
of the CSA. Each CSA will be governed by English law.  
Governing law  
The Swap Agreements are governed by English law.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions described in this Base 
Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective 
Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Law 130 – General remarks 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process and to 
facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted into law by law 14 May 2005, No. 80, added Articles 7-bis and 7-ter to the Italian 
Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as applicable until the entry into force of BoI Regulations, in view of allowing Italian banks to use 
the securitisation techniques in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
The Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was further amended by Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 as converted with 
amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014 and by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 as converted with amendments into Law 
No. 116 of 11 August 2014 and by Law Decree no. 34 of 30 April 2019, as converted with amendments into Law No. 58 of 28 June 
2019. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 
December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV Package and setting out additional local 
prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to 
Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, which added a new Chapter 3 (“Obbligazioni bancarie garantite”) in 
Part III contained therein, the provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been 
abrogated. 
As above mentioned, on 18 December 2019 the Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation, amending the CRR, 
have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union, with the aim of harmonising the regime on covered bonds in the 
European Union. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public supervision and 
publication obligations for covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for additional requirements 
for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. 
On 30 November 2021 the Decree 190/2021 implementing the Covered Bond Directive, which modified the Law 130, was published 
in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1st December 2021. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of the Law 130 (as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI 
Regulations) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered 
bonds issued as of the adoption by the BoI Regulations. 
In accordance with the Decree 190/2021: 
(i) 
until the Implementation Date, covered bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 
1999 as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI Regulations, the MEF Decree, the previous version of the Bank of 
Italy “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 17 December 2013 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) and the 
previous version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
(ii) 
as of the Implementation Date, covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of the Law 130, the 
BoI Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR as amended by the Covered Bond Regulation.  
Pursuant to Title I-bis of Law 130, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true sale (by way of non-
gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation transactions meeting certain 
eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-novies of Law 130, where the sale is to a special purpose vehicle created in accordance with

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
Article 7-septies of Law 130 and all amounts paid by the debtors are to be used by the relevant special purpose vehicle exclusively 
to meet its obligations under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of 
other banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds (being the Covered Bond Guarantee). 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter b) of the Law 130, the purchase price of the assets to be comprised in the cover pool 
shall be financed through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks selling the assets or a different bank. The payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to the payment obligations of the special purpose 
vehicle vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the 
assigned receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim in relation 
to any payment of other costs of the transaction. 
Under the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by banks which individually satisfy, or which belong to banking 
groups which on a consolidated basis satisfy, certain requirements related to the regulatory capital and the solvency ratio. Such 
requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered 
bonds. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance has 
been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the 
Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging 
to a banking group as defined by Article 60 of the Banking Law (such as Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be 
registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Law. 
Eligibility criteria of the claims  
Pursuant to article 7-novies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the following assets may be assigned to the purchasing company: 
(A) provided that the issuing bank complies with the requirements set forth under Article 129, paragraphs 1a, 1b, 1c, 1d, 2 and 3 
of the CRR, eligible assets pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, including, inter alia: 
(i) mortgage receivables secured by residential real estate assets in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the 
CRR (the “Residential Mortgage Receivables”); 
(ii) mortgage receivables secured by non residential real estate assets in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (f) of 
the CRR (the “Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables” and, together with the Residential Mortgage Receivables, the 
“Mortgage Receivables”); and 
(iii) Public Entity Securities. 
(B) Liquid Assets. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
(i) 
the real estate assets securing the receivables must be located in an Admitted State (as defined below); 
(ii) such real estate assets must be insured against the risk of damage; 
(iii) if such the real estate asset is located in an Admitted State other than a Member State of the European Union, the relevant 
security interest must be enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and may be enforced within a reasonable time; 
(iv) the hardening period for the claw back of the relevant security interest has elapsed; and 
(v) in case of Assets which are not directly originated by the issuing bank, the issuing bank has performed an evaluation of the 
credit quality of the debtors prior to the transfer to the Cover Pool or has verified the adequacy of the credit quality evaluation 
criteria adopted by the originator of the eligible assets. 
For the purposes of this section, “Admitted States” means any States belonging to the European Economic Space and Switzerland. 
Ring Fencing of the assets

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction, the relevant collections and the financial assets 
purchased using the collections arising from the relevant receivables will by operation of law be segregated for all purposes from 
all other assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those relating to the other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same 
special purpose vehicle. On a winding-up of such a special purpose vehicle, such assets will only be available to holders of the 
covered bonds in respect of which the special purpose vehicle has issued a guarantee and to the other Secured Creditors. In addition, 
the assets relating to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued under any other covered 
bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle.Law 130 provides, inter alia, that the bank accounts used in 
the context of securitisation or covered bonds transactions are not subject to actions or claims by parties other than the holders of 
the securities of the specific transaction and that the possible commencement of insolvency proceedings against the depositary does 
not give rise to the suspension of payments on the sums standing to the credit of the accounts opened with the same depositary, even 
in connection with sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the insolvency proceedings. Indeed, the Law Decree 
no. 91 of 24 June 2014 (Decreto Competitività) as converted with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 (“Law Decree 
91”) provides that such sums are immediately available, without any need for specific requests or claims (domanda di ammissione 
al passivo o di rivendica) in the context of the insolvency proceedings and outside of the applicable insolvency distributions (fuori 
dei piani di riparto o di restituzione di somme). 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of the Banking Law. The 
prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 4 of Law 130, is that the assignment can be 
perfected against the originator, assigned debtors and third party creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Italian Official 
Gazette and by way of registration of such notice in the register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) at which the purchaser is 
registered, so avoiding the need for notification to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official Gazette and the 
date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is registered, the assignment becomes 
enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of the notice, commenced 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables; 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a debtor to the special purpose 
vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to Article 67 or Article 65 of Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 
1942 (Legge Fallimentare), (the “Bankruptcy Law”) or, after the entry into force of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 
12 January 2019, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (the “Italian Insolvency Code”), article 166 or 
164, paragraph 1 of the Italian and Insolvency Code; and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date of publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest guaranteeing or 
securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with the same priority in favour 
of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official Gazette and the 
date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is registered, no legal action may be 
brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the 
holders of the covered bonds and other creditors for costs incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Notice of the initial assignment of the Initial Receivables pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement was published in the 
Italian Official Gazette and was filed with the relevant Register of Enterprises. 
However, Article 7-octies, paragraph 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei 
crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the assigning bank (whether from the outset 
or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given by way of publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail 
with return receipt to the relevant public administrations. 
Assignments under Law 130

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the 
entry into force of the Italians Insolvency Code, article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, but only in the event that the transaction 
is entered into (i) in cases where paragraph 2 of Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law applies, or, after the entry into force of the Italian 
Insolvency Code, paragraph 2 of article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, within three months of the adjudication of bankruptcy 
of the relevant party or (ii) in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency 
Code, paragraph 1 article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, within six months of the adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the Covered Bond Guarantee are subject to the provisions 
of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, of article 166, 
paragraph 4, of the Italian Insolvency Code, pursuant to which the provisions of Article 67 or, after the entry into force of the Italian 
Insolvency Code, of article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, relating to the claw-back of for-consideration transactions, payments 
and guarantees do not apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw 
back action according to Article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 
164 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
Coverage Requirements  
Pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent different from the 
issuer) will have to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the following mandatory tests are complied with: 
(a) the aggregate nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special purpose vehicle, including therein 
the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or 
greater than, the net present value of the outstanding covered bonds; and 
(c) the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne by the special purpose vehicle, 
shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the issuer under the outstanding covered bonds, also taking into 
account any hedging arrangements entered into in relation to the transaction. 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, inter alia, with the following 
criteria: 
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130, unsecured receivables, in the event of a default pursuant to 
Article 178 of the CRR, shall not contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of Law 130, the costs related to maintenance and administration for the 
winding-down of the covered bonds programme may be calculated as a lump sum; 
(iii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of Law 130, the Liquid Assets shall contribute to the calculations of the 
mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as eligible assets set out under Article 7-novies, 
paragraph 1, letter (a), of the Law 130; 
(iv) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of Law 130, the calculation of the interest generated by the assets included 
in the cover pool and the interest due by the Issuer on the OBG outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent criteria and 
criteria consistent with the applicable accounting principles; 
(v) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of Law 130, the methodologies for the calculation of the numerator and 
denominator of the mandatory tests are based on criteria consistent with each other. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by the eligible assets pursuant to 
Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5% of overcollateralisation.

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
The liquidity buffer requirement 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing basis, for the entire duration of the 
cover bond programme, that the cover pool include a liquidity buffer amount that is at least equal to the maximum cumulative net 
outflow of liquidity over the next 180 days. 
The liquidity buffer requirement shall be met with the following liquid assets having the characteristics set forth in Article 7-
duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130 (each being a Liquid Asset): 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61); 
(ii) 
exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality steps 1 or 2 or 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR. 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the portfolio 
of assets comprised in the cover pool, irrevocable, callable on demand, unconditional and independent from the obligations assumed 
by the issuer under the covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of 
the special purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the assets comprised in the cover pool, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of 
Law 130 provides that the following provisions of the Italian civil code, generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), 
shall not apply: (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not 
valid; (b) Article 1941, paragraph 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can 
it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) Article 1944, paragraph 2, providing, 
inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged 
to pay before the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that the guarantor can raise 
against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, except for the objection relating to 
the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective 
(estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, 
mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable 
where the creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while being aware that the 
economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the receivable would have become significantly more 
difficult; and (g) Article 1957, providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become 
due and payable, provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently 
pursued them. 
The obligations of the special purpose vehicle following a liquidation of the issuer 
The Law 130 also set out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle 
are isolated from those of the issuer. To that effect, it requires that the Covered Bond Guarantee contains provisions stating that the 
relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall 
not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130 provides that, in the event of breach by the issuer of its obligations 
vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer – within the limits of the 
cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds. The same provision applies where 
the issuer is subject to mandatory liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa).  
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the Italian civil code and affecting 
the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Pursuant to 
Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the limitation in the application of Article 1186 of the Italian civil code shall apply 
not only to the events expressly mentioned therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant 
contractual arrangements.

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130, in case of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) or resolution (risoluzione) of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-
à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set 
out for the covered bonds and shall exercise the rights of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal 
regime applicable to the issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights shall 
be deemed to be included in the cover pool. 
In the event of a suspension of payments pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Law, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the 
obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover pool – only with respect to the receivables 
due and payable during the suspension period. The special purpose vehicle shall exercise recourse against the issuer for the amounts 
paid. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of Law 130, in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the issuer, the 
covered bonds holders shall concur to the distribution of the issuer’s assets, to the extent remaining after the enforcement of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, with the unsecured creditors of the issuer, including, in the case provided for in article 7-quinquiesdecies, 
paragraph 2, of Law 130, the derivates counterparties. 
Controls over the transaction 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of covered bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the special purpose vehicle, both 
in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank shall request to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione 
di stima) stating that, on the basis of the activities carried out by that auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal 
criteria utilised in order to determine the purchase price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria which the assigning 
bank must apply when preparing its financial statements. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if the assignment is 
made at the book value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have 
issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any difference between the book value and the purchase 
price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the relevant assets and is not in any way related 
to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those assets and/or the credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing banks must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk management verify at least every 
six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(d) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations undertaken by the latter; 
(e) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle for 
purposes of backing the issue and with the liquidity buffer requirement, in accordance with articles 7-undecies and 7-
duodecies of Law 130 and Section III of the BoI Regulations; 
(f) 
compliance with the internal operational limits on the sale of eligible assets and and limit to the integration of the cover pool 
set out by the BoI Regulations;  
(g) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements entered into in connection with 
the transaction; and 
(h) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to Section V of the 
BoI Regulations. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an assessment is carried out of the 
legal aspects of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal opinions setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures 
and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130, the controls on (a) the regularity of the transaction, (b) the compliance with the 
requirement of Section III of the BoI Regulations, (c) the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee and (d) on the disclosure to 
investors will also be carried out by the Asset Monitor. The Asset Monitor shall be an auditing firm having professional experience 
which is adequate in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same and independent from: (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
of the issuing bank or of the other entities taking part to the transaction; (b) the bank which is granting the relevant mandate; and 
(c) the other entities which take part to the transaction. 
Based upon controls carried out and assessments on the performance of transactions, the Asset Monitor shall prepare annual reports, 
to be addressed, inter alia, to the control body of the bank which granted the mandate to the Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations 
cite the provisions (art. 52 and 61, para 5, of the Banking Law), which impose on persons responsible for conducting controls 
specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy and to the provisions of article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can fulfil, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations arising under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management techniques for purposes of assuring, including 
by way of specific controls at least every six months, stability between the payment dates of the cash flows generated under the 
assets assigned to the special purpose vehicle, and included in the latter’s segregated portfolio, and the payments dates with respect 
to payments due by the issuing bank in connection with the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bond transactions shall assume contractual undertakings 
allowing the issuing and the assigning bank (and the third party servicer, if any) to hold the information on the assigned assets 
(including the status thereof) which are necessary for the carrying of the controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the 
compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership 
to the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, including on its website and in 
accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, information on issuance programmes in order to enable investors 
to perform an informed assessment of the issuances and the associated risks. 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations has been further supplemented by Section V of the BoI Regulations, which sets out the relevant 
information to be provided to the investors. 
Insolvency proceedings 
On 15 July 2022, Legislative Decree No. 14/2019, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 26 October 2020, by Law Decree 
No. 118 of 24 August 2021 and by Legislative Decree No. 83 of 17 June 2022 (the “Italian Insolvency Code” ) entered into force 
setting out, inter alia, a new regime for insolvency and turnaround procedures. 
Except for certain provisions which are applicable since 16 March 2019 (including, inter alia, with reference to certain 
organisational duties for Italian corporates), 20 November 2020 and 15 November 2021, the provisions of the Italian Insolvency 
Code apply to turnaround and insolvency proceedings started from 15 July 2022 (included) onwards. 
The Bankruptcy Law is still applicable to turnaround and insolvency proceedings whose petition has been filed with the competent 
court before 15 July 2022 (excluded). 
Under the Italian Insolvency Code, insolvency proceedings (procedure concorsuali) conducted under Italian law may take the form 
of, inter alia, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), compolsury administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa), creditors’ agreements (concordato preventivo and accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti), certified plan agreements 
(accordi in esecuzione di piani attestati di risanmento), moratorium agreements (convenzione di moratoria). The Italian Insolvency 
Code also governs, inter alia, (i) negotiated settlement procedures (composizione negoziata della crisi) and (ii) simplified 
composition with creditors (concordato semplificato). 
The regime set forth under the Italian Insolvency Code as described in this paragraph is only applicable to certain businesses either 
run by companies or by individuals to the extent certain requirements are met. 
A debtor (other than, among others, banks to which the procedures summarised in the below paragraphs apply) can be subject to 
judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale) proceeding, pursuant to the Italian Insolvency Code, if it is declared insolvent by a 
court (at its own initiative, or at the initiative of any of its creditors or the public prosecutor or the supervising internal bodies or the 
supervising administrative authorities). Insolvency occurs when the relevant entity is not able to fulfil its obligations in a timely 
manner. Upon the declaration of insolvency (sentenza di apertura di liquidazione giudiziale), inter alia, the relevant entity loses 
control over all its assets and the management of its business, which is taken over by a court appointed receiver (curatore). The

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
creditors’ claims have to be filed with the bankruptcy estate and are subject to verification by the delegated judge while the sale of 
the debtor’s assets is conducted in accordance with a liquidation plan drafted by the court appointed receiver and approved by the 
creditors’ committee. 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor may propose to its creditors to implement a turnaround 
proceeding, including a composition with creditors proposal (proposta di concordato preventivo) pursuant to articles 84 and 
following of the Italian Insolvency Code, a restructuring plan subject to homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad 
omologazione) pursuant to articles 64-bis and following of the Italian Insolvency Code, restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi 
di ristrutturazione dei debiti) pursuant to articles 57 and following of the Italian Insolvency Code, certified plan agreements (accordi 
in esecuzione di piani attestati di risanamento) pursuant to articles 56 of the Italian Insolvency Code or moratorium agreements 
(convenzione di moratoria) pursuant to article 62 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
The Italian Insolvency Code also sets out the regime for (i) the negotiated settlement procedures (composizione negoziata) which is 
aimed at facilitating the solution to a situation of the debtor being in a net worth or economical or financial unbalance (squilibrio 
patrimoniale o economico-finanziario) that would probably lead to distress or insolvency; and (ii) simplified composition with 
creditors (concordato semplificato) which aims at liquidating all the debtor’s assets in order to distribute the relevant proceeds to its 
creditors and whose proposal may be filed by the relevant debtor in case of a negative outcome of the negotiated settlement 
procedure, provided that the expert certifies in the final report that the relevant negotiations in the negotiated settlement phase have 
been carried out fairly and in good faith. 
A moratorium regime in relation to the start and/or continuation of enforcement and interim actions (azioni esecutive e cautelari) 
for pre-existing claims is provided, subject to certain requirements and for specific timeframes, in the context of, among others, 
judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), concordato preventivo proceedings, restructuring plan subject to homologation (piano 
di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione), restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti) and 
negotiated settlement procedures (composizione negoziata). 
The Italian Insolvency Code provides that consumers and other entities which cannot be subject to insolvency proceedings may 
benefit from special proceedings for the restructuring of their debts. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche where: (a) serious administrative irregularities, or 
serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s activity provided for by laws, regulations or the bank’s by-laws activity 
are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to occur; (c) the dissolution has been the object of a request by the administrative 
bodies or an extraordinary company meeting providing the reasons for the request. 
According to the Banking Law, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Bank of Italy, which shall terminate the board of directors 
and the board of auditors of the bank. Subsequently, the Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or more special administrators 
(commissari straordinari); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
The commissari straordinari is entrusted with the duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove the irregularities which may have 
been found and promote solutions in the best interest of the depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises auditing 
functions and provides to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. However, it should 
be noted that the Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari and the comitato di sorveglianza 
providing specific safeguards and limits concerning the management of the bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, the commissari straordinari, in order to protect the interests of the creditors, in consultation with the 
comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may suspend payment of the bank’s liabilities and the 
restitution to customers of financial instruments. Payments may be suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be 
extended for an additional two months. 
The amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche usually lasts one year (unless the decree provides for a shorter period or the 
supervisory authority closes the proceeding in advance). If the circumstances for the activation of the procedure remain, it may be 
extended for one or more period of one year. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps for the appointment of the bodies 
governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After the appointment, the management and audit functions shall be 
transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should, however, be noted that, should at the end of the procedure or at any earlier time

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
the conditions for the declaration of the liquidazione coatta amministrativa (described in the following section) be met, the bank 
may be subject to such procedure. 
The Banking Law also provides that, in the circumstances that may trigger extraordinary administration, the Bank of Italy may 
appoint one or more temporary administrator to assist the management body of the bank. The supervisory authority may determine 
the powers of the relevant administrator and condition certain management decisions to the prior approval of the administrator(s). 
Specific rules apply in the case of banking groups. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Banking Law, when the conditions for the Amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche and described in the 
preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious (di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has declared the state of insolvency of the 
bank, the Minister of economy and finance, acting on a proposal from the Bank of Italy, by virtue of a decree, may revoke the 
authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities and submit the bank to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa), including where the amministrazione straordinaria or (voluntary) liquidation is already pending, if the bank is 
failing or is likely to fail and: (i) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures, including measures by 
an institutional protection scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the extraordinary administration, 
would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and (ii) a resolution action would not be in the public 
interest. 
From the date of issue of the decree, the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of the shareholders’ meetings and of 
every other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or more liquidators (commissari 
liquidatori); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their functions and, in any case, from the 
sixth business day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance, the payment of any 
liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall be suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions that pertain to the bank and carry out 
all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di sorveglianza shall: (a) assist the commissari 
liquidatori in exercising their functions; (b) control the activities carried out by commissari liquidatori; and (c) provide to the 
commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy may issue directives concerning 
the implementation of the procedure and establish that some categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its authorisation 
and to preliminary consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Banking Law regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities (accertamento del passivo) and the procedures 
which allow creditors whose claims have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato passivo) to challenge the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may 
assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable en bloc. Such assets may be assigned at any 
stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been deposited. The assignor shall, however, be liable exclusively for the 
liabilities included in the stato passivo. Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and for the purpose of maximising profits 
deriving from the liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity, or of specific going concerns 
of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the comitato di sorveglianza. In such case, the provision of the 
Italian Insolvency Code concerning the termination of legal relationships shall not apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last restitution to customers, the 
commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing statement of accounts of the liquidation, the financial statement 
and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report by the oversight committee.

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each of them, a "Condition") 
that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the "Covered Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of 
the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with (i) the provisions of 
legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Financial 
Services Act") and implementing regulations and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 
and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time.  
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of, and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of 
the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified, complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Series or Tranche.  
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A. ("Banca Carige")), as issuer, has established a 
covered bond programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of European covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Carige 
Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Title I-bis of law No. 130 of 30 
April 1999 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Law 130"), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") and the 
Supervisory Instructions of Bank of Italy containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" relating to 
covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3, of Circulate No. 285 dated 17 
December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the "BoI Regulations" and jointly 
with the Law 130 and the article 219 of the CRR, the "OBG Regulations").  
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each Series or Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail.  
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee entered into by 
the Guarantor on 1 December 2008, as amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024 (the "Covered Bond 
Guarantee") for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds 
of all Series or Tranche issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a 
cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master 
Transfer Agreement (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations. The 
recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the 
assets of the cover pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made subject 
to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement: in respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a 
programme agreement entered into on 1 December 2008, as amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024 (the 
"Programme Agreement"), between the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the dealer(s) named therein (the 
"Dealers"), as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Subscription Agreement"). In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders"), as described in Condition 13 (Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders).  
(e) 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement: in a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") (the 
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement"), Monte Titoli has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain depository and 
administration services in relation to the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
(f) 
The Covered Bonds: except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered 
Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all references to "each 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds" are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final 
Terms and (ii) each other Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains 
outstanding from time to time.  
(g) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" include such rules as from time to time modified in 
accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be 
supplemental thereto. 
(h) 
Summaries: certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents and are subject 
to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to 
have notice of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction 
Documents are available for inspection by the Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Paying Agents.  
2. 
Interpretation  
 
(a) 
Definitions: in these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:  
"Acceleration Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the Guarantor Events of Default. 
"Accounts" means, collectively the Transaction Account, the Reserve Account, the Investment Account, the 
Securities Account, the Quota Capital Account, the Expense Account, the Collateral Account (if any), the 
Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) and "Account" means any 
one of them. 
"Account Banks" means the Italian Account Bank, the Collateral Account Bank and the Transaction Bank. 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Accrued Interest" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan at any date the aggregate of all interest accrued but not 
yet due and payable from (and including) the payment date for that Mortgage Loan immediately preceding the 
relevant date to (but excluding) the relevant date. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount" means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Adjusted Required Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it under the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
"Affected Party" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Swap Agreements.  
"Amortisation Test" means the test intended to ensure that, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor), on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Amortisation Test 
is to be carried out pursuant to the Covered Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount equal to, or higher than, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
"Article 74 Event" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11(b).  
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means a notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured.  
"Asset Coverage Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on any other date on which verification of the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds.  
"Asset Monitor" means PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., or any other entity appointed from time to time to act 
as such in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into 11 August 2023, as amended from 
time to time and on 10 April 2024, between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer. 
"Asset Swap" means the asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant 
Asset Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest rate risks, and eventually currency risks, in respect of 
amounts received by the Guarantor under the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets.  
"Asset Swap Counterparty" means any entity acting as such under the Asset Swap.  
"Available Funds" means, collectively, (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and 
(c) the Excess Proceeds, provided that the Available Funds do not include the Swap Collateral.  
"Back-up Servicer" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Servicing Agreement.  
"Back-up Servicer Facilitator" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Servicing Agreement.  
"Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and supplemented.  
"Breach of Test Notice" means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Business Day" means a day on which banks are generally open for business in Milan, London and Luxembourg 
and on which the T2 (or any successor thereto) is open.   
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day;  
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" means that 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day;  
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such date 
should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date will 
be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar 
month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred; and  
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention.  
"Calculation Agent" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A.), acting as such pursuant to the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Calculation Agents" means the Calculation Agent and the Guarantor Calculation Agent.  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Calculation Date" means the 22nd day of April, July, October and January or, if that day is not a Business Day, 
the immediately following Business Day. The first Calculation Date was on the 22nd of January 2009.  
"Call Option" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Cash Management and Agency Agreement" means the cash management and agency agreement entered into 
on 1 December 2008, as amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024, between, inter alios, the Guarantor, 
the Account Banks, the Investment Agent, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Calculation Agents, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Servicer. 
"Cash Manager" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement.  
"CB Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case of the 
first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next CB Payment 
Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date).  
"CB Payment Date" means the First CB Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms:  
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention;  
or  
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous 
CB Payment Date (in any other case).  
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg.  
"Collateral Account" has the meaning ascribed to it in Clause 4.4 (Collateral Account) of the Intercreditor 
Agreement.  
"Collateral Account Bank" means any entity acting as collateral account bank pursuant to Clause 4.4 (Collateral 
Account) of the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
“Collection Period” means each quarterly period of each year, commencing on (and including) the first calendar 
day of January, April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of the March, June, 
September and December up to the total redemption of each Covered Bond. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa.  
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof.  
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on 19 January 2023, as 
amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024, between Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as corporate 
servicer and the Guarantor. 
“Covered Bond” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 1(a). 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is evidenced in 
the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
"Covered Bond Swap" means any covered bond swap agreement entered into between the Guarantor and the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest rate risks, and eventually currency 
risks, in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Asset Swap (if any) and certain amounts to be 
paid in respect of the Subordinated Loan and the Covered Bonds.  
"Covered Bond Swap Counterparty" means any entity acting as such under the Covered Bond Swap.  
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of Covered 
Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Cover Pool" means collectively the Eligible Assets and/or the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets held 
by the Guarantor.  
"Cover Pool Administration Agreement" means the cover pool administration agreement entered into on 1 
December 2008, as amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024, among, inter alios, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent. 
"CSA" means the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer-English Law) to the Schedule to the ISDA Master 
Agreement.  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and:  
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means:  
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; and  
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:  
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and  
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year;  
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365);  
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365;  
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360;  
(v) 
if "30/360 (Fixed rate)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless 
(i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month);  
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the CB 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a CB Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;  
(vii) 
if "30/360 (Floating Rate)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows  
Day Count Fraction =  [360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30;  
(viii)  
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =
  
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and  
(ix)  
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls;  
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless  
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, provided, however, that in each such case the 
number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation 
Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period.  
DBRS Equivalent Rating is determined by using the table below and these rules:  
1. 
if a Fitch public rating, a Moody's public rating and an S&P public rating in respect of the Eligible Investment or 
the Eligible Institution (each, a Public Long Term Rating) are all available at such date, the DBRS Rating will 
be the DBRS Equivalent Rating of such Public Long Term Rating remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest of such Public Long Term Ratings from such rating agencies (provided that if such Public Long Term 
Rating is under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one 
notch below). For this purpose, if more than one Public Long Term Rating has the same highest DBRS Equivalent 
Rating or the same lowest DBRS Equivalent rating, then in each case one of such Public Long Term Ratings shall 
be so disregarded;  
2. 
if the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under (a) above, but Public Long Term Ratings of the Eligible 
Investment by any two of Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available at such date, the DBRS Equivalent Rating of the 
lower such Public Long Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit watch 
negative, or the equivalent, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch below); and  
3. 
if the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under (a) and (b) above, but Public Long Term Ratings by any one of 
Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available at such date, then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be such Public Long 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
Term Rating (provided that if such Public Long Term Rating is under credit watch negative, or the equivalent, 
then the DBRS Equivalent Rating will be considered one notch below).  
If at any time the DBRS Rating cannot be determined under subparagraphs (1) to (3) above, the DBRS Rating will be 
deemed to be of "C" at such time.  
DBRS Equivalent Rating Table:  
DBRS  
Moody's  
S&P  
Fitch  
AAA  
Aaa  
AAA  
AAA  
AA(high)  
Aa1  
AA+  
AA+  
AA  
Aa2  
AA  
AA  
AA(low)  
Aa3  
AA-  
AA-  
A(high)  
A1  
A+  
A+  
A  
A2  
A  
A  
A(low)  
A3  
A-  
A-  
BBB(high)  
Baa1  
BBB+  
BBB+  
BBB  
Baa2  
BBB  
BBB  
BBB(low)  
Baa3  
BBB-  
BBB-  
BB(high)  
Ba1  
BB+  
BB+  
BB  
Ba2  
BB  
BB  
BB(low)  
Ba3  
BB-  
BB-  
B(high)  
B1  
B+  
B+  
B  
B2  
B  
B  
B(low)  
B3  
B-  
B-  
CCC(high)  
Caa1  
CCC+  
CCC+  
CCC  
Caa2  
CCC  
CCC  
CCC(low)  
Caa3  
CCC-  
CCC-

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
CC  
Ca  
CC  
CC  
C  
C  
D  
D  
  
"DBRS Rating" means any of the (i) public rating; (ii) private rating and (iii) internal assessment assigned by 
DBRS.  
"Dealer" means each of UBS Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity which may be appointed 
as such by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement.  
"Decree 190" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, transposing Directive (EU) 
No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
"Deed of Charge" means the deed of charge entered into on 1 December 2008 between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as subsequently amended.  
"Deeds of Charge" means the Deed of Charge and the English Law Account Charge – Transaction Bank 
Accounts.  
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements.  
"Due for Payment Date" has the meaning ascribed to it under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means at any time the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds that has the 
earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms.  
"Early Redemption Date" means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) or the date on which any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 
8(e) (Redemption for tax reasons).  
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms.  
"Eligible Assets" means the Mortgage Loans.  
"Eligible Deposits" means deposits eligible pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Institution" means an institution whose short-term ratings are at least equal to "P-1" by Moody's and 
whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations with respect to DBRS have a DBRS Rating or, failing 
that, a DBRS Equivalent Rating equal to the Minimum DBRS Rating or any other rating level from time to time 
provided for in the Rating Agencies' criteria. 
"Eligible Investment" means any investment denominated in Euro that has a remaining maturity date falling, or 
which is redeemable at par together with accrued unpaid interest, no later than the earlier of (i) the maturity 
reported in the table below and (ii) the Liquidation Date immediately preceding the CB Payment Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds and that is an obligation of a company incorporated in, or a sovereign issuer of, 
a Qualifying Country, and is one or more of the following obligations or securities (including, without limitation, 
any obligations or securities for which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an affiliate of any of 
them provides services):

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
(i) direct obligations of any agency or instrumentality of a sovereign of a Qualifying Country, the obligations of 
which agency or instrumentality are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in full by a Qualifying 
Country; 
(ii) demand deposits (held with an Eligible Institution) and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers' 
acceptances issued by any depositary institution or trust company (including, without limitation, the 
Transaction Bank and the Italian Account Bank provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
incorporated under the laws of a Qualifying Country and subject to supervision and examination by 
governmental banking authorities, provided that such investments shall have (a) with respect to the rating 
issued by Moody’s, a minimum rating equal to the ones reported on the following table: 
 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s 
 
less than 365 calendar days 
P-1 
 
less than 30 calendar days 
P-1 
 
and, (b) with respect to the rating issued by DBRS, a minimum rating equal to the Minimum DBRS Rating; 
(iii) any security rated at least (A) "P-1" by Moody's, if the relevant maturity is up to 30 calendar days, (B) "P-1" 
by Moody's, if the relevant maturity is up to 365 calendar days (C) "Aaa" by Moody's, if the relevant maturity 
is greater than 365 days, and (D) rated by DBRS according to the DBRS A Table below if the relevant 
maturity is up to 30 calendar days, or DBRS B Table below if the relevant maturity is greater than 30 calendar 
days, provided that, in all cases, the maximum aggregate total exposures in general to classes of assets with 
certain ratings by the Ratings Agencies may be limited; 
DBRS A Table 
DBRS A Table: Eligible  
Investments with a maturity up to 30 
days: CB Rating 
Eligible Investment Rating 
AAA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (high) 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA 
A or R-1(middle) 
AA (low) 
A or R-1(middle) 
A (high) 
BBB (high) or R-2 (high) 
A 
BBB or R-2 (middle) 
A (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB (high) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BBB 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low)

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
BBB (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 (low) 
BB (high) 
BB (high) or R-3 
BB 
BB or R-4 
BB (low) 
BB (low) or R-4 
DBRS B Table 
Maximum 
maturity 
CB rated at least AA 
(low) 
CB rated between A 
(high) and A (low) 
CB rated BBB (high) 
and below 
90 days 
AA (low) or R-1 
(middle) 
A (low) or R-1 (low) 
BBB (low) or R-2 
(middle) 
180 days 
AA or R-1 (high) 
A or R-1 (low) 
BBB or R-2 (high) 
365 days 
AAA or R-1 (high) 
A (high) or R-1 (middle) 
BBB or R-2 (high) 
(iv) any Eligible Asset and/or public entity securities, provided that, in all cases, such investments shall from time 
to time comply with Rating Agencies' criteria;  
(v) subject to the rating of the Covered Bonds not being affected, unleveraged repurchase obligations with respect 
to: (1) commercial paper or other short-term obligations having, at the time of such investment, a credit rating 
of at least "AA-",  "Aa3" and "P-1" by Moody’s and a maturity of not more than 180 days from their date of 
issuance and, with respect to DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A Table and 
DBRS B Table above; (2) off-shore money market funds rated, at all times, "Aaa/MR1+" by Moody’s and, 
with respect to DBRS, a credit rating of the counterparty according to the DBRS A Table and DBRS B Table 
above; and (3) any other investment similar to those described in paragraphs (1) and (2) above: (a) provided 
that any such other investment will not affect the rating of the Covered Bonds; and (b) which has the same 
rating as the investment described in paragraphs (1) and (2) above, provided that, (x) in any event, none of 
the investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes 
or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount 
available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at 
any time and (y) title to the securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in the period between the 
execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) effectively passes (as 
confirmed by a non qualified legal opinion by a primary standing law firm) to the Issuer and the obligations 
of the counterparty to such repurchase transactions are not related to the performance of the underlying 
securities, 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or 
potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk by means of credit 
derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested 
in any such instruments at any time and (ii) no amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme 
may be otherwise invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any 
time and (iii) and the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” or “credit quality step 2” pursuant 
to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European Union which has a 
maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 3” pursuant to Article 129, 
let. (c) of the CRR.  
"English Law Account Charge – Transaction Bank Accounts" means the deed of charge entered into on 1 
September 2011 between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
"EURIBOR" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Euro", and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the single 
currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community.  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
"Excess Proceeds" means the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis 
the Issuer in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130.  
"Expense Account" means a euro-denominated account with IBAN: IT21D0538701400000047005299, opened 
in the name of the Guarantor with the Italian Account Bank, or any other account as may replace it in accordance 
with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
"Exposure Limit" means the limits provided under article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), lett. (a), (b), (c) and (d) of 
CRR, provided that pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR, such limits shall not apply to “cessioni 
di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement for purposes of complying with the Nominal Value 
Test. 
"Extension Determination Date" means the date falling 2 Business Days after the expiry of seven days from 
(and including) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
"Extended Instalment Date" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the date if any 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of an Instalment 
Amount payable on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(d) 
(Extension of principal instalments).  
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the date if any 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount otherwise payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
(Extension of Maturity).  
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions.  
"Final Redemption Amount" means the amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, representing the 
amount equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal value, due (subject to the applicable grace period) in respect of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds.  
"First CB Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited.  
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Fixed Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Fixed Rate Provisions" means the relevant provisions Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions).  
"Floating Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Provisions" means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions). 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect to any Due for 
Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, 
payable on that Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable 
in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and all amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Transaction 
Documents, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date shall be 
paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include 
any Guaranteed Amount that was timely paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the 
extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver or liquidator, in 
bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not 
been paid or recovered from any other source (the "Clawed Back Amounts"). In each case the Guaranteed 
Amounts does not include any additional amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by Issuer).

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as such pursuant to the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Guarantor Events of Default" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11(c) (Guarantor Events of Default).  
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, the 27th day of January, 
April, July and October or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day or (b) following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, each Business Day. 
"Initial Issue Date" means the date on which the Issuer issued the first Series of Covered Bonds.  
"Implementation Date" means 31 March 2023 on which the 42nd amendment to the BoI Regulations in relation 
to the “obbligazioni bancarie garantite”, issued by the Bank of Italy on 30 March 2023, has entered into force. 
"Initial Receivables" means the first portfolio of Eligible Assets transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement.  
"Insolvency Event" means: 
(a) in respect of the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined in the 
Banking Law; 
(b) in respect of any bank, company or corporation (other than the Issuer), that:  
(i) 
such a bank, company or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition with creditors, insolvent 
reorganization, turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or 
negotiated settlement procedure (including, without limitation, liquidazione giudiziale, liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa, piani di risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione del debito, piano di 
ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione, composizione negoziata della crisi, concordato 
semplificato and (other than in respect of the Issuer) amministrazione straordinaria, each such 
expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including also 
any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such bank, company 
or corporation is deemed to carry on business, including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, 
reorganisation, dissolution, administration receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief 
of debtors) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
such bank, company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar 
effect (other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for 
the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by 
it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or  
(ii) an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under paragraph (i) above is made in 
respect of or by such bank, company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against 
such bank, company or corporation or notice is given of an intention to appoint an administrator in 
relation to such bank, company or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or  
(iii) such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or is 
granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of 
any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments; or  
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in 
any form of such bank, company or corporation or any of the events under Article 2448 of the Italian 
Civil Code occurs with respect to such bank, company or corporation (except in any such case a 
winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders); or  
(v) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to carry 
on business.  
"Instalment Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 8(c) (Redemption by instalments).  
"Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond Instalment Date, the 
date falling 2 Business Days after the expiry of seven days from (and including) such Covered Bond Instalment 
Date.  
"Integration Assets" means (i) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR which 
meet the requirements set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130, 
and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), 
of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant 
to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR.  
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the agreement entered into on 1 December 2008, as amended from time to 
time and on 10 April 2024, between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and a CB Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series or Tranche for that CB Interest Period.  
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of:  
(i) 
any interest component (other than any amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) 
collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Transaction Account during 
the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date (excluding any amount of interest 
collected on the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Receivables which have been included in the 
calculation of the relevant Purchase Price as at the relevant Transfer Date) together with any amount 
retained in the Transaction Account from the Interest Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any); 
(ii) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(iii) all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts and 
on the Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(iv) all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(v) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Asset Swap, provided that, prior to the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts received on or after such Guarantor 
Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be 
applied, together with any provision for such payments made on any preceding Calculation Date, (i) to 
make payments in respect of interest due and payable, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap or, as the case may be, (ii) to make payments in respect of interest due on the Covered 
Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee, pari passu and pro rata in respect of each relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision for the payment of such relevant proportion of such 
amounts to be paid on any other day up to the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent may reasonably determine, or otherwise (iv) to make payments under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default, any such amounts received or to be received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which are not used to make 
the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
(vi) 
any amounts other than in respect of principal received under the Covered Bond Swaps (other than any 
Swap Collateral), provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make payments in respect of interest due and 
payable under the Subordinated Loan Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision 
for such payment made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of 
interest on the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect of 
each relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and provided further that, prior to the occurrence 
of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor 
Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which are 
not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the 
Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vii) any swap termination payments received from a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, provided 
that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, such amounts will first be used to pay a 
Replacement Swap Counterparty to enter into a Replacement Swap Agreement, unless a Replacement 
Swap Agreement has already been entered into by or on behalf of the Guarantor;  
(viii) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor the amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve 
Fund in excess of the Required Reserve Amount and following the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account;  
(ix) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available Funds 
or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period (including i) any amounts paid as interest shortfall 
amount out of item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and ii) any 
amounts received from the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement and the Servicing 
Agreement);  
(x) 
the Moody's Potential Commingling Amount if such amount has been credited in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and (i) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
or (ii) the Issuer's short term rating assigned by Moody's has been restored to at least P-1; and 
(xi) on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and 
no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date 
of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Investment 
Account" 
means 
a 
euro-denominated 
account 
with 
number 
802190701, 
IBAN 
IT27C0347901600000802190701, opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Transaction Bank, or any other 
account as may replace it in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
"Investment Agent" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A.). 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and available on www.ISDA.org.  
"ISDA Determination" means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(d) 
(ISDA Determination).  
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Issuer" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A.).

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
"Issuer Events of Default" has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default).  
"Italian Account Bank" means BPER Banca S.p.A.. 
"Italian Deed of Pledge" means a deed of pledge under Italian law dated 1 December 2008, as amended from 
time to time,  executed between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on its 
own behalf and on behalf of the Secured Creditors. 
"Italian Deeds of Pledge" means the Italian Deed of Pledge and the Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge. 
"Liquid Assets" means the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, 
provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 of the CRR and 
Law 130. 
"Liquidation Date" means the date of disinvestment of the Eligible Investments made by the Cash Manager, 
upon the instructions received by the Investment Agent, in respect of each Collection Period, falling not later 
that five Business Day prior to the immediately following Payment Report Date. 
"Liquidity Buffer Account" means the account that may be opened in the future in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Transaction Bank pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Securities Account" means the account that may be opened in the future in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Transaction Bank pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Target Amount" means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 7-duodecies of 
Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"Liquidity Facility Agreement" means the liquidity facility agreement entered into on 19 October 2011, as 
amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024, between the Guarantor and the Liquidity Facility Provider. 
"Liquidity Facility Provider" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly, Banca Carige S.p.A.). 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, Société Anonyme, or any successor provided 
appointed from time to time in respect of the Programme.  
"Mandatory Tests" means the tests provided for under Article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130.  
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Master Transfer Agreement" means the master transfer agreement entered into on 14 November 2008, as 
amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024, between the Seller and the Guarantor  
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Maximum Rate of Interest" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Meeting" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
"MEF Decree" means the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006, 
concerning the implementation of the provisions set forth in Article 7-bis of Law 130 about covered bonds, 
repealed by Decree 190.  
"Minimum DBRS Rating" means a minimum rating issued by DBRS according to the table below:  
Highest Rating Assigned to Rated 
Securities  
Minimum Rating Level for the 
Eligible  
Institution

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
AAA (sf)  
"A"  
“ 
AA (high) (sf)  
"A"  
AA (sf)  
"A"  
AA (low) (sf)  
"A"  
A (high) (sf)  
BBB (high)   
A (sf)  
BBB  
A (low) (sf)  
BBB (low)  
BBB (high) (sf)  
BBB (low)  
BBB (sf)  
BBB (low)  
BBB (low) (sf)  
BBB (low)  
"Minimum OC Requirement" means 5% minimum level of overcollateralization as per Article 129 of the 
CRR and in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari, 
6, 20154 Milan, Italy.  
"Monthly Calculation Date" means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach 
of Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC 
Requirement has occurred, the 22nd day of the month immediately following the date of such Test Performance 
Report and thereafter, the 22nd day of each month until the relevant breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement has been cured or otherwise 
remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement or, if any such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds 
account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System.  
"Moody's" means Moody's Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be.  
"Moody's Potential Commingling Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
"Mortgage Loans" means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali e 
commerciali) pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree, as applicable until the

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
Implementation Date, and pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) and (f) of CRR, as applicable as of the 
Implementation Date.  
"Mortgage Cover Pool" means, collectively, all the Mortgage Loans.  
"Notice to Pay" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
"OBG Regulations" means the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy relating to covered bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Section 3, Chapter 3 of Circular n. 285 dated 17 December 2013 
containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche", as replaced by the Implementing Provisions and as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana.  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms.  
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms.  
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Order" means a final, non-appealable judicial or arbitration decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction.  
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, organised 
pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.  
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for payment 
of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day which is:  
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or  
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre.  
"Paying Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent and each other paying agent 
appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
"Payment Report Date" means two Business Day preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, 
state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality.  
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered Bondholder 
receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds.  
"Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice, on each Guarantor Payment 
Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
"Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, on each Guarantor Payment Date as 
set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Interest Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay, on each Guarantor Payment 
Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay, on each Guarantor 
Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds or any other asset the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, without 
duplication:  
(i) 
all principal amounts (other than any amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) 
collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to Transaction Account during the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with any amount retained in 
the Transaction Account from the Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date 
(if any); 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the Transaction 
Account, during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(iii) all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date;  
(iv) all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under any Swap Agreements (other than any Swap 
Collateral) provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such amounts 
received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor 
Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make payments in respect of principal due and payable 
under any Issuance Advances (provided that all principal amounts outstanding under a relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds which have fallen due for repayment on such Guarantor Payment Date 
have been repaid in full by the Issuer), or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such 
payment made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of principal on 
the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date but 
prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date which are not used to make the payments or 
provisions set out under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied 
as Principal Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date;  
(v) 
any amounts granted by the Seller under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and not used to fund the 
payment of the purchase of any Eligible Assets and/or Integration Asset;  
(vi) any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available Funds 
or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period (including any amounts paid out of item (x) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments);  
(vii) any amounts of interest collected on the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Receivables which have 
been included in the calculation of the relevant Purchase Price as at the relevant Transfer Date; 
(viii) any amounts granted by the Liquidity Facility Provider under the Liquidity Facility Agreement;

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
(ix) without duplication with any of the other items of this definition, an amount equal to the principal amounts 
invested in Eligible Investments (if any) following liquidation thereof on the Liquidation Date 
immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(x) 
following a Notice to Pay all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as 
at the relevant Calculation Date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that currency 
provided, however, that:  
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Principal Paying Agent; and  
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand 
dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by 
the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent.  
"Priority of Payments" means each of the orders in which the Available Funds shall be applied on each 
Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
"Programme Limit" means up to Euro 5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds (Obbligazioni 
Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement 
to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate 
principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Public Entity Security" means any securities which meet the requirements set out under article 129, paragraph 
1, lett. (a) and (b) of CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Put Option" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to the Paying Agents, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent and the Asset Monitor by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder.  
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Paying Agents to a depositing Covered  
Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with such Paying Agents by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder.  
"Qualifying Country" means a country rated at the time of such investment or contractual commitment 
providing for such investment in such obligations, at least "Aa3" and "P1" by Moody’s (or, in the case of 
investments with a maturity longer than six months "Aaa" and "P1" by Moody’s) and "AA (low)" or "R-1 
(middle)" by DBRS. 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the quotaholder agreement entered into on 11 April 2008, as amended from 
time to time and on 10 April 2024, between, inter alios, the Issuer and Stichting Otello. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms.  
"Rating Agencies" means Moody's Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be ("Moody's") and/or 
DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS").

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
"Receivables" means collectively the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables.  
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early  
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Banks" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate.  
"Reference Price" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Rate" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Regular Period" means:  
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first CB Payment 
Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to but excluding the next CB 
Payment Date;  
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not 
the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and  
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment 
Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period.  
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made.  
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the payment 
in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which 
(the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders.  
"Relevant Dealer(s)"  means, in relation to a Series or Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement 
(whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the 
subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series or Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement.  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate.  
"Relevant Time" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means the entity that will act as representative of the holders of 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Transaction Documents.  
"Required Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
"Required Reserve Amount" means, if the Issuer's short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody's and R-1 (High) by DBRS, nil or such other amount as the 
Issuer shall direct the Guarantor from time to time and otherwise, an amount which will be determined on each 
Payment Report Date and which will be equal to the aggregate amount of (a) one fourth of the annual amount 
payable under items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; (b) any interest 
amounts due in the next three months to the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in respect of each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap or, if no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered into with BPER 
(formerly, Banca Carige) in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the interests amounts due in relation to that 
Series of Covered Bonds in the next three months and (c) Euro 400,000.00. 
"Reserve 
Account" 
means 
a 
euro-denominated 
account 
with 
number 
802190702, 
IBAN 
IT04D0347901600000802190702, opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Transaction Bank, or any other 
account as may replace it in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement.  
"Reserve Fund" means any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account up to the Required Reserve 
Amount. 
"Scheduled Interest" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Dates as specified in the Conditions falling on or 
after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (but excluding any additional amounts relating to premiums, 
default interest or interest upon interest: the "Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts") payable by the Issuer 
following an Issuer Event of Default, but including such Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) following service of an Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable 
prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) or where 
applicable, after the Maturity Date such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any 
withholding or deduction made under the circumstances set out in the Conditions.  
"Scheduled Principal" means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been due 
and repayable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Dates or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) as 
specified in the Conditions (but excluding any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, 
broken funding indemnities, penalties, or premiums: the "Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts") payable 
by the Issuer following an Issuer Event of Default, but including such Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts 
(whenever the same arose) following service of an Acceleration Notice if the Covered Bonds had not become 
due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date and, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date 
is applicable to relevant Series or Tranche, if the maturity date of such Series or Tranche had been the Extended 
Maturity Date.  
"Screen Rate Determination" means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 
6(c) (Screen Rate Determination).  
"Secured Creditors" means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity 
and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Liquidity Facility Provider, the Seller, 
the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator, the Back-up Servicer (if any), 
the Corporate Servicer, the Italian Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
Collateral Account Bank, the Transaction Bank, the Investment Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash 
Manager, the Luxembourg Listing Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. 
"Selected Assets" has the meaning ascribed to it in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
"Seller" means BPER (formerly Banca Carige).  
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme.  
"Servicer" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A.)and any other entity acting as such 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement.  
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 14 November 2008, as amended from 
time to time and on 10 April 2024, between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Servicer.

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Specified Denomination(s)"  has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Specified Office" means with reference to the Principal Paying Agent, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, 20124 Milan or 
such other office in the same city or town as the Principal Paying Agent may specify by notice to the Issuer and 
the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the manner provided therein.  
"Specified Period" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 14 November 2008, 
as subsequently amended, between the Subordinated Loan Provider and the Guarantor.  
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A.)and any other entity 
appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
"Subsequent Receivables" means any portfolios of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) which, further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, have been purchased 
and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreement.  
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code.  
"Swap Agreements" means collectively the Covered Bond Swaps and, if any, the Asset Swaps.  
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral transferred by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor pursuant 
to the relevant CSA.  
"Swap Counterparties" means the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties and, as the case may be, the Asset Swap 
Counterparty.  
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the functionalities 
of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity Management (CLM) system 
and which was launched on 20 March 2023.  
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
is open.  
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if 
applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement is to be performed or verified under the 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.  
"Tests" means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test.  
“Transaction 
Account” 
means 
a 
euro-denominated 
account 
with 
number 
802190700, 
IBAN 
IT50B0347901600000802190700, opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Transaction Bank, or any other 
account as may replace it in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge" means a deed of pledge under Italian law dated on or about 10 April 
2024, between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the Secured Creditors. 
"Transaction Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch.  
"Transaction Documents" means collectively the Master Transfer Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Liquidity Facility Agreement, the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Quotaholders' Agreement, the Italian Deeds of Pledge, the Swap Agreements (if

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
any), the Deeds of Charge, the Subscription Agreement, the Mandate Agreement and any document or agreement 
which supplement, amend or restate the content of any of the above mentioned documents and any further 
documents which is necessary in the context of the Programme. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 14 
November 2008, as amended from time to time and on 10 April 2024, between the Seller and the Guarantor. 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Zero Coupon Provisions" means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions).  
 
(a) 
Interpretation: in these Conditions:  
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and any other amount in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;  
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;  
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds;  
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the relevant 
Covered Bonds;  
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) 
shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a 
single Series or Tranche only; and  
(vi) 
any reference in any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to 
such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.  
3.  
Form, Denomination and Title  
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination of € 100,000 (or, 
where the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such Specified Currency) and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will at 
all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book-entries in accordance with the provisions 
of the Financial Services Act and the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and 
published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and supplemented from time to time. The 
Covered Bonds will be held in dematerialised form by Monte Titoli on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until 
redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be 
exercised in accordance with this Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.  
4.  
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, 
received or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf.  
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds when due for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
to pay any Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Any payment 
made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall discharge the corresponding obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders.  
(c) 
Priority of Payments: amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee shall be paid in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.  
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Accrual of interest: the Covered Bonds bear interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments), up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, or as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: the amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any CB Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.  
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: the amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest sub-Unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent.  
6.  
Floating Rate Provisions  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Accrual of interest: the Covered Bonds bear interest on their Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent 
has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
each CB Interest Period will be determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Principal Paying 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;  
(ii) 
in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date;  
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than 
two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the 
Principal Paying Agent will:  
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide 
a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and  
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and  
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Issuer acting in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period 
for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,  
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period.  
(d) 
ISDA Determination: if ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any 
CB Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Paying Agent were acting as Paying 
Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: if any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified.  
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: the Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of each Covered Bond for such CB Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest for such CB  
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent.  
(g) 
Publication: the Principal Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant CB Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon 
as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment 
Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly 
be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Principal Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest 
Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.  
(h) 
Notifications etc: all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error, wilful default or gross negligence) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying 
Agent, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or nonexercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes.  
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) for any CB Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate (or any component part thereof), then the Issuer shall notify the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the  
Covered Bond (being the Principal Paying Agent, or such other party specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 6(i)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6(i)(c)), and whether any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 6(i)(d)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
The Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(i) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of wilful 
misconduct or negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond (being the Principal Paying Agent, 
or such other party specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Covered Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(i).  
(a) If following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine and notify in writing both the Issuer and the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond of a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(i) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine 
and notify in writing the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond 
of a Successor Rate, or failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that, if the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 6(i)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
immediate following CB Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first CB Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference 
Rate applicable to the first CB Interest Period. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period (as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 6(i)(a) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
shall apply to the immediately following CB Interest Period only. Any subsequent CB Interest Period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(i).

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
(b) If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine and notify a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 6(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6(i)(c)) be promptly notified in writing to the Issuer and/or the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond, as the case may be, and only after 
being so notified subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for the immediately following CB Interest Period and all 
following CB Interest Periods, subject to the further application to such Successor Rate of this 
Condition 6(i) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or   
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject 
to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(i))(c)) be promptly notified in writing to the Issuer and/or the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond, as the case may 
be, and only after being so notified subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the immediately following CB Interest 
Period and all following CB Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i) 
in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.   
(c) If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be promptly notified in writing to the Issuer and/or the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond, as the case may be, and apply to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).   
(d) If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 6(i) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines in its discretion (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary 
or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other 
related document issued by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with this Condition 6(i) and subject (only to the extent required) to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the competent 
regulatory authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or Covered Bondholders, vary these Conditions and the other Transaction Documents 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for 
the avoidance of doubt, subject to paragraph (A) below, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will 
consent to and effect, at the direction and expense of the Issuer such consequential amendments to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 6(i)), provided that:  
(A) 
(i) the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be obliged to concur in making any modification 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any consequential amendments as may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 6(i)), which, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, would have the effect of (a) exposing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction or (b) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions; 
(ii) at the request of the Issuer, subject to paragraph (i) above, the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
Bondholders together with the Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Covered Bondholders, will concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to the Transaction Documents) 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof; (iii) in connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6(i), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading;  
(B) 
if a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) is 
to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding CB 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to the relevant CB Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding CB Interest Period.  
(e) The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders and the Paying Agents shall have 
no duty to monitor compliance by each of the Issuer and/or the Independent Adviser with their obligations 
under this Condition 6(i) and shall rely without liability to any person and without further enquiry or 
investigation on the determinations, calculation, computations and certificates provided under this Condition 
6(i) by the Issuer and/or the Independent Adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall have no duty to review or check the determinations, calculations and 
computations made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser pursuant to this Condition 6(i).   
(f) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(i) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(g) No later than notifying the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, as the 
case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(i); and   
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
(h) The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders.   
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6(i), the Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred.  
As used in this Condition 6(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonable 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered Bondholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is recognized or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognized 
or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).   
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance with 
this Condition 6(i) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as 
the Covered Bonds.   
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published for a period of at least 5 (five) Business 
Days on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or  
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it will, by a specific date within the following 6 (six) months, cease 
publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a 
specified future date (each a “Specified Future Date”); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or  
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
means that such Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Covered Bonds; or  
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative 
of an underlying market; or  
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following 6 (six) months, become unlawful for the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholder using the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within 
sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date 
falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(i) (d). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser with appropriate experience in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
discretionary (for the avoidance of doubt without any consent or approval by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and/or the Covered Bondholders) by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6(i).  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):   
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or   
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.   
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate, 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions  
(a) 
Application: this Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero 
Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: if the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of:  
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the basis 
of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is 
the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment).  
8. 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments).  
(b) 
Extension of maturity: without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and an Issuer Event 
of Default has occurred, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant 
Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in 
respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination 
Date, then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the 
Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 
74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer 
shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of 
which an Extension of Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment on the 
last Business Day of the month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served.  
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), any 
relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agencies, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the 
relevant Maturity Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party.  
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the relevant Due for Payment Date, pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher 
ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata in part payment of 
an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The 
obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so 
paid on such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be payable on the Maturity 
Date and on each CB Payment Date up to and on the Extended Maturity Date.  
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the Maturity Date by the Guarantor shall not constitute a Guarantor 
Event of Default.  
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 8(b), the extension of the Maturity Date shall not 
affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa or 
resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the 130 Law and the BoI Regulations, the 
Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended Maturity Date has become applicable in respect of a Series 
of Covered Bonds, within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption by instalments: If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being amortising 
and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in such number of instalments, in such amounts ("Instalment 
Amounts") and on such dates as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms 
and upon each partial redemption as provided by this Condition 8(c) (Redemption by instalments), the outstanding 
principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes.  
(d) 
Extension of principal instalments: without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an Extended 
Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
whose principal is payable in instalments and an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, following the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that 
the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Instalment Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds on the date falling on the Instalment Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), 
payment by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee of each of (a) such Instalment Amount and (b) all 
subsequently due and payable Instalment Amounts shall be deferred until the Extended Instalment Date provided 
that any amount representing the Instalment Amounts due and remaining unpaid after the Instalment Extension 
Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Instalment Date.  
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 
74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer 
shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of 
which an extension of principal instalments in accordance with this Condition 8(d) (Extension of principal

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
instalments) has occurred, and any payable Instalment Amount shall be due for payment on the last Business Day 
of the month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served.  
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 17  
(Notices), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agencies, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior 
to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the relevant Instalment Amount in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party.  
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the relevant Due for Payment Date following the 
applicable Instalment Extension Determination Date until the applicable Extended Instalment Date, pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher 
ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata in part payment of 
an amount equal to the relevant Instalment Amount in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such amounts on such date. The 
obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance of the Instalment Amount not so paid on 
such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and be payable on the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Date and on each CB Payment Date up to and on the Extended Instalment Date.  
Where an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds and applied, failure to pay on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date by the Guarantor 
shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.  
(e) 
Redemption for tax reasons: the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part:  
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); 
or  
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable),  
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption, if:  
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of 
competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the first Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds; and  
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
were then due; or  
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an CB Payment Date, 60 days prior to the CB 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Italian 
Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent with copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders a certificate signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be sufficient to the Italian Paying 
Agent and the Principal Paying Agent and conclusive and binding on the Covered Bondholders). Upon the expiry 
of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8(e) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(e) (Redemption for tax reasons).  
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: if the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date).  
(g) 
Partial redemption: if the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be 
redeemed in the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be 
reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.  
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders: if the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Covered Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by 
it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder 
must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with 
the Principal Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying 
Agent. The Principal Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(h) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond, on behalf of 
the Issuer, against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds 
are held by the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Covered Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder and not the Principal Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes.  
(i) 
No other redemption: the Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to (h) (Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) above.  
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered Bonds at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Reference Price; and  
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which the Covered Bonds become due and payable.  
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect 
of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8(j) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.  
(k) 
Purchase: the Issuer or any of the other banks belonging to BPER Banking Group may at any time purchase or 
procure others to purchase for its account Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or any of the other banks belonging to 
the BPER Banking Group, cancelled in whole or in part. The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at 
any time.  
(l) 
Cancellation: all Covered Bonds which are redeemed shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold.  
(m) 
Redemption due to illegality: the Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), all 
Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment Date 
of any Covered Bond of any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the 
Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or 
will become effective before the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(m) (Redemption due to illegality) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Principal Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers 
whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks 
and authorised brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of 
the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and 
of the Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, 
or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA"). No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to Covered Bondholders in respect of such payments.  
(c) 
Payments on business days: if the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a 
Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such 
place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.  
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result 
in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond:

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest premium or other proceeds of any Covered Bonds 
on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to legislative decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended from 
time to time (“Decree No. 239”); or  
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments:  
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or  
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Covered Bond 
by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding 
of such Covered Bond; or  
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect of 
such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or  
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would 
have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Covered Bond for payment on 
such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Business Day; or  
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, 
to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non Italian resident legal entity or a non-
Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with the Republic of Italy; or  
(F) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction 
is required under law decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time; or  
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to a Paying Agent in another Member State of the 
EU; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: if the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic 
of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of 15 days or more to pay any principal or redemption amount or any 
interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche when due; or  
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in which case no notice will be 
required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such 
failure is capable of remedy; or  
(iii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Test Notice, the Tests are not met at, or prior to, the next Monthly 
Calculation Date unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders resolves otherwise; or

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) and 
“misure di intervento precoce”); or 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event. 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve the Notice to Pay 
on the Issuer and Guarantor that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, (specifying, in case of the an Article 74 
Event, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary) unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
In case on conflict between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Extraordinary Resolution 
passed in a Meeting, the latter will prevail. 
 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay  
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
each series and/or tranche of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari 
passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (a) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Guarantor, (b) pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall pay 
an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Due for Payment Date, (c) in accordance with terms and 
conditions provided for by the Covered Bond Guarantee and with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of 
the Law 130 and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall 
exercise, on an exclusive basis, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount 
recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Available Funds provided that (d) in case of an Article 74 
Event, the effects listed in items from (a) to (c) above will only apply for as long as the Suspension Period 
and accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with the Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments 
of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) upon the 
end of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer);  
(ii) 
the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an 
exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee, in the context of which the Covered Bondholders irrevocably 
delegate – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Guarantor – to the Guarantor the exclusive right 
to proceed against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds including any rights of enforcing any acceleration of payment provisions 
provided under these Conditions or under the applicable legislation. For this purpose the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, upon request of the Guarantor, shall 
provide the Guarantor with any powers of attorney and/or mandates as the latter may deem necessary or 
expedient for taking all necessary steps to ensure the timely and correct performance of its mandate.  
In accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders has confirmed such delegation and waived any rights of the Covered 
Bondholders to revoke such delegation and take any such individual action against the Issuer; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to paragraph (i) above, interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be 
payable by the Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to and 
in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of Payments to creditors 
set out in the Intercreditor Agreement;  
(iv) 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test and the 
Minimum OC Requirement shall be also applied;  
(v) 
no further Covered Bonds will be issued.  
"Suspension Period" means the period of time following a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law 
is passed in respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 Event"), in which the Guarantor, in accordance with the Law 
130, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the entire period 
in which the suspension continues.

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Article 
74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 
74 Event has been cured.  
 
(c) 
Guarantor Events of Default  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following 
events (each, a "Guarantor Events of Default") occurs and is continuing:  
(i) 
default by the Guarantor for a period of 15 days or more in the payment of any amounts due for payment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche; or  
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, breach of the Amortisation Test on any 
Calculation Date; or  
(iii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any 
Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to ensure 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in which case no notice will be 
required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying that such failure is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not 
such failure is capable of remedy; or  
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor,  
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve the Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor that a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, having 
exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. In case 
on conflict between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Extraordinary Resolution passed in 
a Meeting, the latter will prevail. 
 
(d) 
Effect of an Acceleration Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers an Acceleration 
Notice upon the Guarantor:  
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest;  
(ii) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default is triggered with respect to a Series or Tranche, each Series and/or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, becoming due and payable, 
and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves; and  
(iii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor 
for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest and any other 
amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 10(a) 
(Gross up by Issuer) in accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
and  
(iv) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant to Condition 11(d)(ii) 
above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and without further notice, 
take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce such 
payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders.  
(e) 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11 (Events of Default) by the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered 
Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in respect of principal) or 
five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
(a) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance of the first 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment 
in full or cancellation of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. Pursuant to the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all 
times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.  
(b) 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions (including the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), in the Intercreditor Agreement and in the other Transaction 
Documents, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period 
commencing on the Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which 
all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions.  
(c) 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds:  
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to the fullest extent 
permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time to time by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a 
signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without prejudice for the provisions set 
forth under Article 1229 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or 
damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the 
Transaction Documents. 
14. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition  
(a) 
Limited recourse: the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool 
as provided under the OBG Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other parties prior 
to payments to the Covered Bondholders.  
(b) 
Non petition: only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or enforce the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Guarantor 
to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. In particular:  
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the Transaction Documents, 
to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee or take 
any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee;  
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents, have

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining 
payment of any amount due from the Guarantor;  
(iii) 
until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series and/or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme, or any other similar programme established for the 
issuance of covered bond guaranteed by the Guarantor, have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu thereto, 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the 
Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of Payments not being complied 
with.  
15.  
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the Paying 
Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to Pay or an Acceleration Notice, as agent 
of the Guarantor and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations towards or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders.  
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any additional Paying Agent 
and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, and (where applicable) the 
Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint an 
additional or successor paying agent; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and  
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a paying agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall maintain a paying agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.  
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Covered 
Bondholders.  
16.  
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further Covered 
Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds.  
17.  
Notices 
(a) 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be 
deemed to have been duly given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli.  
(b) 
As long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
(c) 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of giving notice 
to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then 
prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the 
Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Covered 
Bondholders in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
18.  
Rounding  
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards 
to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards.  
19.  
Governing Law and Jurisdiction  
(a) 
These Covered Bonds are governed by Italian law. All other Transaction Documents are governed by Italian law, 
save for the Swap Agreements and the Deeds of Charge which are governed by English law. The N Covered 
Bonds will be governed by German law.  
(b) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation to the 
Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance.  
(c) 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the OBG Regulations.

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS  
TITLE I  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
1.  
General  
1.1  
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme by BPER Banca S.p.A. (formerly Banca Carige S.p.A.) is created concurrently with the issue and subscription 
of the Covered Bonds of each such Series or Tranche and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders (the "Rules").  
1.2  
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds of whatever 
Series or Tranche.  
1.3  
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds of each 
Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer.  
2.  
Definitions and Interpretation  
2.1  
Definitions  
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings:  
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Principal Paying Agent:  
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Principal Paying Agent or under its control 
and have been blocked in an account with a clearing system, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant 
custodian and will not be released until the earlier of:  
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and  
(ii) 
the surrender to the Principal Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting 
(or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the 
Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Principal 
Paying Agent to the Issuer and Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
(b) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on its 
behalf has notified the Principal Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in 
a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked;  
(c) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing between those in respect of 
which instructions have been given to vote for, and against, each resolution; and  
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions.  
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with a clearing system the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian for the purpose of obtaining a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block 
Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required.  
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 6 (Chairman of 
the Meeting).  
"Covered Bondholder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds.  
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default.  
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast.

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or demands, judgments, 
proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies and other 
charges) and including value added, taxes or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and 
expenses on a full indemnity basis.  
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment).  
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on 
behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quarter of the Financial 
Services Act and includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks 
appointed by the Relevant Clearing System.  
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast.  
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of 
all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules to direct the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to 
Condition 11(d) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice).  
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to vote under a 
Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than:  
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Principal Paying Agent has been 
notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; 
and  
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and who has not been 
reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed.  
"Rating Agencies" means Moody's Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be, ("Moody's") and/or DBRS 
Ratings GmbH ("DBRS").  
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively.  
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the 
respective Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap 
Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate.  
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document.  
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer of 
a Voting Certificate or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Principal Paying Agent.  
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance 
with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time.  
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons holding or representing 
at least 75 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders.  
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business both in the 
place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Principal Paying Agent has its specified office; 
and  
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours.  
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions used in these 
Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
2.2  
Interpretation  
In these Rules:  
(a) 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a reference to an 
Article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders;  
(b) 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title of such party and 
any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the 
rights and obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights 
and obligations have been transferred; and  
(c) 
any reference to any "Transaction Party" shall be construed so as to include its and any subsequent successors 
and transferees in accordance with their respective interests.  
2.3  
Separate Series  
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate  
Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the Covered  
Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3:  
(a) 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); and  
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor),  
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall apply to all the 
Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions "Covered Bonds" and 
"Covered Bondholders" shall be construed accordingly.  
3.  
Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders  
3.1  
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.  
3.2  
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
TITLE II  
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS  
4.  
Convening a Meeting  
4.1  
Convening a Meeting  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate or combined Meetings 
of the Covered Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so 
upon the request in writing by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a meeting for the passing of 
a Programme Resolution) the Covered Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the Issuer shall upon a requisition 
in writing signed by the holders of not less than one-tenth of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for 
the time being outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of 
seven days in convening such a meeting the same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
the requisitionists. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule 
shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis.  
4.2  
Meetings convened by Issuer  
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the 
agenda.  
4.3  
Time and place of Meetings  
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
5.  
Notice  
5.1  
Notice of Meeting  
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant  
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant Covered 
Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer.  
5.2  
Content of notice  
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full 
text and shall state that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 
13 August 2018, as amended from time to time and that for the purpose of obtaining a Block Voting Instruction from the 
Principal Paying Agent, Covered Bonds must be blocked in an account with a clearing system not later than 48 hours 
before the relevant Meeting.  
5.3  
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice  
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article are not complied with if the Covered 
Bondholders constituting the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, the holders of which are entitled to 
attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are 
present.  
6.  
Chairman of the Meeting  
6.1  
Appointment of Chairman  
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if:  
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or  
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting,  
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which, the Issuer shall 
appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original 
Meeting.  
6.2  
Duties of Chairman  
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the business of the 
Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting.

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
6.3  
Assistance to Chairman  
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist in any given matter, 
and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be Covered Bondholders.  
7.  
Quorum  
The quorum at any Meeting will be:  
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at any time it owns any of the 
relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more 
persons being or representing Covered Bondholders, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds so held or represented; or  
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (including the Issuer if at any time it owns 
any of the relevant Covered Bonds) (subject as provided below), one or more persons holding or representing at 
least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders 
of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds so held or represented; or  
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in relation to a Programme 
Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 32 (Waiver), only be capable of being effected after 
having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely:  
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification 
of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made;  
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(iv) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Italian Deeds of Pledge or the Deeds of Charge 
(except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series);  
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 31 (Amendments and Modifications) and 32 (Waiver), the sanctioning 
of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds 
for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and  
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7(c).  
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be one or more persons (including the Issuer if at any time it owns 
any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
persons being or representing not less than one third of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
of such Series for the time being outstanding.  
8.  
Adjournment for want of Quorum  
8.1  
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any 
Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present:  
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; and  
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise 
agree) shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if such day is a public holiday the next succeeding 
business day) at the same time and place (except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is 
to be proposed in which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor more

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such meeting 
and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders).  
8.2  
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the time appointed 
for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without 
prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the 
approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, 
being not less than 13 clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed 
by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
9.  
Adjourned Meeting  
Except as provided in Article 8 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent of any 
Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be 
transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the 
adjournment took place.  
10.  
Notice Following Adjournment  
10.1  
Notice required  
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a quorum except that:  
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which the Meeting is to 
be resumed) shall be sufficient; and  
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes.  
10.2  
Notice not required  
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give notice of 
resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 8 (Adjournment for want of 
Quorum).  
11.  
Participation  
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting:  
(a) 
Voters;  
(b) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor;  
(c) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
(d) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
(e) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and  
(f) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
12.  
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions  
12.1 
 A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its Monte Titoli Account 
Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as amended from time to time.  
12.2  
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain from the Principal Paying Agent or require the Principal Paying Agent to issue a 
Block Voting Instruction by arranging for such Covered Bonds to be blocked in an account in a Relevant Clearing System 
(other than Monte Titoli) not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting.  
12.3  
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it 
relates.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
12.4  
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the named therein as Covered Bondholder or Proxy 
(in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), the bearer thereof and any Proxy named 
therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Principal Paying Agent) shall be deemed to be the Covered 
Bondholder to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block 
Voting Instruction relates.  
12.5  
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Covered 
Bonds.  
12.6  
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices (including 
blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System.  
13.  
Validity of Block Voting Instructions  
13.1  
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be valid for the purpose 
of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Principal Paying Agent, or at any other place 
approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid 
unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of 
each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Covered Bondholders or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate 
issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the 
identity of any Proxy or any Covered Bondholder named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction or the 
identity of any Covered Bondholder named in a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder.  
14.  
Voting by Show of Hands  
14.1  
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of hands.  
14.2  
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that on a show 
of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, 
shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution.  
15.  
Voting by Poll  
15.1  
Demand for a poll  
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds held 
or represented by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman 
but any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A 
valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a 
poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the 
poll.  
15.2  
The Chairman and a poll  
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may set a time limit 
by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall 
be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the 
Meeting the outcome of the vote.  
16.  
Votes  
16.1  
Voting  
Each Voter shall have:  
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and  
(b) 
on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 1.00 or such other amount as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate).  
16.2  
Block Voting Instruction  
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a Proxy, a Voter shall 
not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way.  
16.3  
Voting tie  
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected.  
17.  
Voting by Proxy  
17.1  
Validity  
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate appointing a Proxy 
shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been 
given had been amended or revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
the Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the 
relevant Meeting.  
17.2  
Adjournment  
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in relation to a 
Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment save that no such 
appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall 
remain in force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-
appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed.  
18.  
Resolutions  
18.1  
Ordinary Resolutions  
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers exercisable by Ordinary 
Resolution, to:  
(a) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the Conditions, is required 
to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting 
and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and  
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents and do 
all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution.  
18.2  
Extraordinary Resolutions  
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by Extraordinary 
Resolution to:  
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of them;  
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such 
rights arise under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any 
Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and/or any other party thereto;  
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents which shall be proposed 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder;

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
(d) 
in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and remove the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders;  
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from 
any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or 
may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document;  
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the Conditions, must be 
granted by an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in compliance with these Rules, 
the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document;  
(h) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other party of its 
obligations under or in respect of these Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, Guarantor 
Event of Default or a breach of test, and direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to suspend the 
delivery of the relevant Notice to Pay, Acceleration Notice, or Breach of Test Notice;  
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution;  
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and  
(k) 
may, in case of failure by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send a Notice to Pay, Acceleration 
Notice or Breach of Test Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice as a 
result of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default) or an Acceleration 
Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 13(c) (Guarantor Events of Default).  
18.3  
Programme Resolutions  
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Condition 11(d) 
(Effect of an Acceleration Notice).  
18.4  
Other Series of Covered Bonds  
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution (other than a Programme 
Resolution which shall be passed by the holders of all the Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding) that is passed by the 
Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is 
sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds 
then outstanding of that other Series.  
19.  
Effect of Resolutions  
19.1  
Binding nature  
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not 
present at such Meeting and or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting.  
19.2  
Notice of voting results  
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be published (at the cost 
of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting).  
20.  
Challenge to Resolutions  
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in compliance 
with the provisions of these Rules.

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
21.  
Minutes  
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided by the Issuer for 
that purpose. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein 
recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the 
Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted 
shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted.  
22.  
Written Resolution  
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters required to be 
determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution.  
23.  
Individual Actions and Remedies  
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 14 (Limited Recourse and Non 
Petition) Clause 4 (Exercise of Rights and Subrogation) and 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
of Clause 8 (Exercise of Rights) and 12 (Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, if any Covered 
Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under 
the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting not passing 
an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to such individual action or other remedy on the grounds that it is not consistent 
with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall apply:  
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention;  
(b) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with these Rules 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 24.1 (Choice of Meeting);  
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution objecting to the enforcement of the individual action or remedy, 
the Covered Bondholder will be prevented from taking such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that 
after a reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review of another Meeting); and  
(d) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not object to an individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder 
will not be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy.  
24.  
Meetings and Separate Series  
24.1  
Choice of Meeting  
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one Series the foregoing 
provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following modifications:  
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of 
only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of that Series;  
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any 
of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected;  
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of one Series or group of Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of 
Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected;  
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series; and

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
(e) 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply as though references 
therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group 
of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be.  
24.2  
Denominations other than euro  
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in euro in the case of any Meeting 
or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of 
the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such 
circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each Euro 1.00 (or such other euro amount as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents.  
25.  
Further Regulations  
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the 
consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at 
them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion 
may decide.  
TITLE III  
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS  
26.  
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration  
26.1  
Appointment  
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of the first 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Deutsche Trustee Company Limited appointed under the 
Programme Agreement.  
26.2  
Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
Save for Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders under the Programme, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be:  
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any other jurisdiction 
acting through an Italian branch; or  
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of 
the Banking Law; or  
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the law.  
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in Article 2399 of the Italian Civil 
Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be 
automatically removed.  
26.3  
Duration of appointment  
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the  
Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 (Resignation 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all 
Series of Covered Bonds.  
26.4  
After termination  
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for any reason 
whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders,

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its 
appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has 
been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform 
the essential functions required in connection with the Covered Bonds.  
26.5  
Remuneration  
The Issuer, and following an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of a Notice to Pay the Guarantor, shall pay to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or 
in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of 
payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever 
Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. Such fees may be increased, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature.  
27.  
Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar months' written 
notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation and without 
being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been 
appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
accepted its appointment, provided that if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity 
pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders).  
28.  
Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
28.1  
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders.  
28.2  
Meetings and resolutions  
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is responsible for 
implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right 
to convene and attend Meetings to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or 
desirable.  
28.3  
Delegation  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities vested in it 
by these Rules and the Transaction Documents:  
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders;  
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by power of attorney 
or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, 
discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid.  
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to supervise 
the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any 
loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided 
that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate 
and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate 
and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any subdelegate as soon as reasonably practicable.  
28.4  
Judicial proceedings  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.  
28.5  
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders  
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and any other 
Transaction Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate 
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or 
approval may be given retrospectively.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may give any consent or approval, exercise any power, authority or 
discretion or take any similar action if it is satisfied that the interests of the Covered Bondholders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby.  
28.6  
Discretions  
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have absolute discretion 
as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law.  
28.7  
Obtaining instructions  
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled to exercise its 
discretion hereunder (including but not limited to forming any opinion in connection with the exercise or non exercise of 
any discretion), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting 
or Meetings in order to obtain the Covered Bondholders' instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any 
action, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify 
it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific limitations).  
28.8  
Remedy  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction 
Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in 
its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered 
Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents.  
29.  
Exoneration of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
29.1  
Limited obligations  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition to those 
expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents.  
29.2  
Specific limitations  
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1 (Limited obligations), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders:  
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor 
Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which  
would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders hereunder 
or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default 
or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred;

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the 
Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the 
Transaction Documents are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations;  
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the Conditions, the terms 
of any Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any Covered Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or 
any other party, any information (including, without limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price 
sensitive nature) made available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
any such information;  
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under any obligation to 
give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction 
Document;  
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, suitability or genuineness 
of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other document or any obligation or rights created or 
purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any 
breach or alleged breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without prejudice 
to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any 
investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for:  
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor;  
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, certificate, valuation 
or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection 
herewith;  
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the Servicer or 
compliance therewith;  
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other authorisation in 
connection with the purchase or administration of the assets contained in the Cover Pool; and  
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer and the 
Principal Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds;  
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue of the Covered 
Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto;  
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by any credit or rating 
agency or any other person;  
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, statement, warranty, 
representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained 
herein or in any Transaction Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the 
execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof;  
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring registration or filing of 
or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction Document;  
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title 
of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or 
failure was known to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon 
examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not;  
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables contained in the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof;  
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
provided by any person;

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising from the realisation of 
the Cover Pool or any part thereof;  
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or verifying any determination 
or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Transaction Document;  
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof;  
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the exercise of its powers, 
trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the 
overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their 
number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing 
authority, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Covered Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders;  
(q) 
shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is of the opinion that 
the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, 
exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding;  
(r) 
shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the Transaction Documents, except 
where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other 
creditors of the Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a 
conflict between their interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders;  
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it under these 
Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein 
contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities 
suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction 
Documents shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority 
or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, 
or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured; and  
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any Covered Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any other person which may result from 
anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction 
Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or 
wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
29.3  
Security  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by the Guarantor in 
favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors under the security for the discharge of the Secured Amounts, created by the Guarantor, pursuant to the Italian 
Deeds of Pledge and the Deeds of Charge (the "Security").  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, may:  
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Covered Bondholders and 
the other Secured Creditors' interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the Security and may instruct, 
jointly with the Guarantor, the obligors whose obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be 
made thereunder to an Account of the Guarantor;

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security shall be deposit 
accounts for the purpose of Article 2803 of the Italian civil code and agree that such Accounts shall be operated 
in compliance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor 
Agreement; and  
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to enforcement of the Security, 
in accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions 
for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from the Security, under the Security, 
except in accordance with the foregoing, the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement.  
29.4  
Covered Bonds held by Issuer  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds are, at any given 
time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer.  
29.5  
Illegality  
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything which may be 
illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any 
of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
refrain from taking any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any 
regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed 
for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence 
of such action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to 
comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid.  
30.  
Reliance on Information  
30.1  
Advice  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any written 
information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax advisor, credit or rating agency or other expert, 
whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not 
be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained 
by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for 
acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some 
error or is not authentic.  
30.2  
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as sufficient evidence:  
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a certificate duly signed by 
a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor;  
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor to the effect that 
any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient,  
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further evidence or be 
responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of 
the administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters 
contained in the certificate.  
30.3  
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution purporting to be 
a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a 
direction of the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was 
some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the 
giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the Covered Bondholders.  
30.4  
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, may fully rely on 
the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank 
of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of 
the matters certified therein.  
30.5  
Clearing Systems  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient evidence of the 
facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing 
system as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any 
clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or 
was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds.  
30.6  
Rating Agencies  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders in evaluating, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty 
or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding may consider, inter alia, the 
circumstance that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) 
would not be adversely affected by such exercise.  
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it 
necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agencies as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the 
Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views 
at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer.  
30.7  
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document;  
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for under the Conditions 
or any Transaction Document;  
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or  
(c) 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue,  
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of the 
relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having 
failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained 
in the certificate.  
30.8  
Auditors  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any auditors' report 
or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate.  
31.  
Amendments and Modifications  
31.1  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may from time to time and without the consent or sanction of the Covered 
Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and 
for this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification relates to a 
Series Reserved Matter) as follows:

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which in the opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders (which may be based on the advice of, or information obtained from, any lawyer, 
accountant, banker, tax advisor, or other expert or confirmation of rating) may be expedient to make provided 
that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series; and  
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or, which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (which may be based on the advice of, 
or information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, tax advisor, or other expert or confirmation of 
rating) is to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or to comply with mandatory provisions of law.  
31.2 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.  
31.3 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor and 
any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or and if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing.  
31.4  
Establishing an error  
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may have regard to 
any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it appropriate to rely and may, but shall 
not be obliged to, have regard to a certificate from the Arrangers: (i)  stating the intention of the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document; and  
(ii) confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such 
stated intention.  
32.  
Waiver  
32.1  
Waiver of Breach  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time in its sole direction, without 
prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion 
the interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby:  
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, any proposed breach or 
breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations 
of or rights against the Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or  
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Transaction Documents,  
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders.  
32.2  
Binding Nature  
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 32.1 (Waiver of Breach) shall be binding on the Covered 
Bondholders.  
32.3  
Restriction on powers  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 32 (Waiver) 
in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 25 per cent in aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (in the case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series 
taken together as a single Series as aforesaid), and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so 
doing but so that no such direction or request:  
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter unless holders of 
Covered Bonds of each Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise.  
32.4  
Notice of waiver  
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such authorisation, 
waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after 
it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  
33.  
Indemnity  
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a 
full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered Bondholders, 
all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and 
properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any entity to which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has delegated any power authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or 
purported exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in 
relation to these Rules and the Transaction Documents, including but not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any 
stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation 
under these Rules, the  
Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross 
negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
34.  
Liability  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for 
any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds 
or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo).  
TITLE IV  
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN  
ACCELERATION NOTICE  
35.  
Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor  
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of an Acceleration Notice or, prior to service of an Acceleration Notice, 
following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the 
Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, 
pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as 
mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor's Rights under certain Transaction Documents, 
including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents.  
TITLE V  
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
36.  
Governing Law  
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.  
37.  
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing 
the Final Terms.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]11 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
11 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BPER Banca S.p.A.  
a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company 
(società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series or Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due [Maturity] Guaranteed by  
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.  
under the Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of 
interest and principal by Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 29 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation EU 2017/1129) (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described 
herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. These Final Terms will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as set out 
below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] [When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i)  
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
[(to be fungible from the [date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible] with the Euro [•] Series [•] 
Tranche [•] Covered Bonds due [•] issued on [•])][Not 
Applicable]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
(i)  
Series 
[•] 
(ii)  
Tranche 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i)  
Specified Denominations: 
 
 
[•] [plus integral multiples of [•] in addition to the said 
sum of [•]] (include the wording in square brackets 
where the Specified Denomination is Euro 100,000 or 
equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal amount) 
(ii)  
Calculation Amount: 
[•]

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
(i) 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to Final Redemption Amount 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Amounts 
corresponding to Final Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
(ii) 
Extended 
Instalment 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed  
Amounts corresponding to Instalment Amount 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[[•] month [EURIBOR/Other] +/– [Margin] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 7)] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds (other than Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds) will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at par (as referred to in Condition 8(a))] / 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts (as referred to in Condition 8(c)) 
and on the Covered Bond Instalment Dates set out 
below: [insert details of the applicable Instalment 
Amounts and the applicable Covered Bond Instalment 
Dates] / [Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[•] (insert an amount 
above 100%)/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount 
(as referred to in Condition 7). 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/ [•]/ (insert details of the interest basis 
applicable) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of Covered Bonds 
[and Covered Bond Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[[•] [and [•], respectively]][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds or related Covered Bond 
Guarantee)]

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. Per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
CB Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
14. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s) 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than CB 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise, 
insert "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
CB Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert "Not Applicable") 
(iv) 
First CB Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Paying Agent): 
[[Not Applicable]/[Name] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]]

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Reference Rate: 
[For example, EURIBOR] 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. Luxembourg time/Brussels 
time] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, Luxembourg/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/ 
30/360/ 
30E/360/Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of Covered 
Bonds and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice Period 
[•] 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of Covered 
Bonds and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered Bonds 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Minimum Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Maximum Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early redemption amount(s) per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor Event of Default or 
other early redemption and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required or if different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[Not Applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
20. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
sub paragraphs 14(ii) and 15(iii) relate] 
21. 
DISTRIBUTION  
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
- 
If syndicated, names of Managers 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
- 
Date of [Subscription]  
[•] 
- 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
[•] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933] 
Prohibition of Sale to the EEA Retail Investors 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document 
("KID") will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document ("KID") will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Covered Bonds 
may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS  
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
By:  .......................................................................   
Duly authorised  
 
Signed on behalf of Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.  
  
By: ........................................................................   
Duly authorised

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/(specify other)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application [is expected to be/has been] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on] [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify 
other regulated market] with effect from [•]] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Covered Bonds are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and [is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration] under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and [is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration] under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) 
and the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom.) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK [but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]]. / [but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] [and] [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”] / [and is not certified under

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (a) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, or (b) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:  
"So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the 
offer."] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET 
AMOUNT 
(i) 
Use of proceeds 
[•] 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[•] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [●] on the screen page [●]] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. 
As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] does/do not fall within 
the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorization or registration] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Note that the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation applies only in respect of 
benchmark administrators located outside the EU since 
31 December 2021) 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
[CFI: 
(paying agent to confirm) 
[Not applicable/[•]] as published on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
[FISN: 
(paying agent to confirm) 
[Not applicable/[•]] as published on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and the relevant address(es) 
and identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and Specified Offices of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
Calculation Agent(s), Listing Agent(s) or Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders (if any): 
[•] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be held in a

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
 
form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (i.e. 
issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively deposited 
with Monte Titoli in accordance with 83-bis of Italian 
legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended, through the authorised institutions listed in 
Article 83-quater of such Legislative Decree) and does 
not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem of such Legislative Decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met] 
European Covered Bonds (Premium) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
 
 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force (and practice in effect) in Italy as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax matters concerning the 
purchase, ownership and disposal of the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does 
not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special 
rules. This overview does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Covered Bonds that provide payout 
linked to the profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the group or profits of the business in relation to which they are 
issued. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of each Covered 
Bondholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax law and under 
the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under 
the securities, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest and other proceeds from Covered Bonds that qualify as bonds or instruments similar to bonds  
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended, provides for the applicable regime 
with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption 
amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). For this 
purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount 
not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not attribute to the holders any 
direct or indirect right to control or participate to the management of the Issuer or to the business in connection to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (b) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società 
in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (c) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (d) an investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation (unless the Covered Bondholders from (a) to (c) opted for the application of the 
“risparmio gestito” regime – see “Capital Gains Tax” below), Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the 
relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant 
beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva 
may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not acting 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time 
to time set forth under Italian tax law. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited partnership 
qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private or public institutions carrying out

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
 
commercial activities and holding the Covered Bonds in connection with this kind of activities) or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, and the Covered Bonds are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation (“IRES”) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax 
on productive activities (“IRAP”)). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with amendments by 
Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law. No. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(deposited with an authorized intermediary) made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 
37 of Financial Law, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real 
estate investment companies with fixed capital (“Real Estate SICAFs” and, together with the Italian resident real estate 
investment funds, the “Real Estate Funds”), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and 
percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Funds is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder 
regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a non-real estate SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy and 
either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the 
“Fund”), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period 
on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund 
accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per 
cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through distributions, 
liquidation and/or redemption of the units and shares. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating 
to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included 
in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time set forth under Italian tax law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (“SIMs”), fiduciary 
companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stock exchange agents and other entities identified by a Decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an “Intermediary”) as subsequently amended and integrated.  
An Intermediary must: (a) (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial 
intermediary or (iii) a non-Italian resident financial intermediary – acting through a central securities depository – which is 
directly connected with the Italian Revenue Agency, having appointed an Italian tax representative for the purposes of 
Legislative Decree No. 239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. 
For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change 
of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian 
financial intermediary paying interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered 
Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident (a)

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
 
is the beneficial owner of the payment of Interest received under the Covered Bonds, (b) is resident, for tax purposes, in a 
country or territory which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as currently listed in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) 
of Decree No. 239 (the “White List”). It should be noted that, pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 September 
1996, the Ministry of Economy and Finance holds the right to test the actual compliance of each country included in the list 
with the exchange of information obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative 
countries; and (c) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as 
subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds made to (a) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or (b) a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or (c) an institutional investor incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of 
taxpayer in its own country. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors mentioned above must:  
(a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds (together with the related coupons) with:  
(i) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial institution to be 
EU resident) (the "First Level Bank"), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the Covered Bonds held, directly 
or indirectly, by the Covered Bondholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); or with  
(ii) 
an Italian bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM acting as 
depositary or sub depositary of the Covered Bonds appointed to maintain direct relationships, via electronic link, 
with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (the "Second Level Bank"). Non-Italian 
resident entities or companies participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream), can qualify as 
Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative for the purposes of the application of 
Decree 239. In the event that a non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder deposits the Covered Bonds directly with 
a Second Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank; 
(b) file in due time with the relevant depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement 
(autocertificazione) of the relevant Covered Bondholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which 
the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as 
subsequently amended. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders which are 
institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident Covered Bondholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in 
the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on payments of Interest made to a non-
resident Covered Bondholder. 
Should the above exemptions not be applicable, the imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. However, 
non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders may be entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a total or partial 
relief from the 26 per cent imposta sostitutiva under the double taxation treaty, if any, between Italy and their Country of 
residence, provided that all conditions for its application are met and subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident guarantor. 
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian revenue authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such 
payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative treatment.

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an Italian resident 
guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds 
from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Presidential Decree 
No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, 
the withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent as a final tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be treated, in certain 
circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous 
paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that, from a tax perspective, are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), nor in the category of  shares or securities 
similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, would qualify as atypical 
securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 and, as consequence, would fall 
out of the scope of Decree No. 239 and may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds 
are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
entity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or I an Italian commercial 
private or public institution, such withholding tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when 
the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is levied as a final withholding tax.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax 
in case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, subject to proper compliance with relevant subjective and 
procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not acting 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds not falling within 
the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici 
(“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains tax. Italian resident Covered Bondholders. 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the taxable 
income subject to income tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules (and, in certain circumstances, depending on 
the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realized by an 
Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita 
semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realized by such Covered 
Bondholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be subject to a capital gain tax provided 
by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree No. 461” ), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent (“CGT”). 
Covered Bondholders may set off losses with gains, subject to certain conditions. 
In respect of the application of the CGT, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below.

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital gains realized 
by Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the CGT on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on 
all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realized by the Italian resident individual Covered Bondholder holding the 
Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the 
Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Covered Bondholder must indicate the overall capital gains 
realized in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay CGT on such gains together 
with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains realized in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Covered Bondholders holding the Covered Bonds under (i) to 
(iii) above may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realized on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation 
of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries and (b) an express and valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in 
writing by the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for CGT in respect of capital gains 
realized on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realized 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered 
Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from 
capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years 
up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realized or accrued by Italian Covered Bondholder under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorized intermediary and have validly opted for 
the so-called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461 will be included in the computation of the 
annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realized, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, 
to be paid by the managing authorized intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
realized in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Covered 
Bonds may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the CGT) if the Covered Bondholders are Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth under Italian tax law. 
Any capital gains realized by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will not be subject to the CGT, but will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent 
distributions and/or redemption in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
Any capital gains realized by a Covered Bondholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to CGT nor to any other 
income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, 
to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund; subject to certain conditions, depending 
on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Funds is subject to taxation in the hands 
of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued 
at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
 
20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains tax. Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders. 
Capital gains realized by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian 
resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds are traded on regulated markets. The 
exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders file in due course with the authorized financial 
intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Covered Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes and has no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected. 
Capital gains realized by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Covered Bondholder: (a) qualifies as the 
beneficial owner of the capital gain and is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or 
body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an 
entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in 
a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence; in all 
of the above cases subject to timely filing of the required documentation.  
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realized by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered 
Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the CGT at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds 
are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realized upon the sale, 
early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not 
be subject to CGT in Italy, subject to timely filing of required documentation, on any capital gains realized upon the sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 (“Decree No. 262”), converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death 
or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and gift tax 
applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law, or other relatives-in law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the 
gift exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities pursuant to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, the tax is 
levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments as a result of death (mortis causa) is exempt from inheritance tax when such financial 
instruments are included in a long-term saving account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth by Italian tax law. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject, as far as relevant, to 
the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax of €200; (b) private

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
 
deeds are subject to registration tax of €200 only in case of use or voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria), in case of 
occurrence of the so-called enunciazione or in case of use (caso d’uso). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (“Decree No. 642”) as 
subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which 
may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may 
be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (and cannot exceed €14,000, 
for taxpayers other than individuals) on the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or 
redemption amount of the Covered Bonds held, or in the case the nominal value or redemption amount cannot be determined, 
on the purchase value of the Notes held, as inferable from the intermediary's records.  
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Covered Bondholders and to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, to the 
extent that the Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory nor the deposit nor 
the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a 
pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the 
0.2 per cent stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 
February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, 
financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as 
subsequently amended, Italian resident individuals, non-business entities and non-business partnerships that are resident in 
Italy holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory without the involvement of an Italian financial intermediary are 
required to pay a wealth tax which applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent (starting from January 1, 2024, the wealth tax applies at a 
rate of 0.40 per cent if the Covered Bonds are held in a country listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999, 
pursuant to the provisions of Law No. 213/2023), which is determined in proportion to the period of ownership.   The wealth 
tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds as at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure is 
available, on the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, 
on the purchase price of the financial asset held outside the Italian territory. If the financial products are no longer held on 
December 31 of the relevant year, reference is made to the value in the period of ownership. The wealth tax cannot exceed 
€14,000.00 per year for Covered Bondholders other than individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent 
to the amount of wealth taxes, if any, paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian 
wealth tax due). 
If the financial assets are held outside of Italy and are thus subject to the wealth tax, the above mentioned stamp duty provided 
for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. Conversely, financial assets held abroad are excluded 
from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration 
agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 
does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are required to 
report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted into law by Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Covered Bonds held abroad 
during each tax year. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owners of the instrument pursuant to the anti money-laundering legislation (Legislative Decree No. 
231 of 21 November 2007).

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds deposited for 
management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through their 
intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same 
tax intermediaries; or (iii) the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed €15,000.00 threshold throughout the year.

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all of the tax considerations that might be relevant to an investment decision. It is included herein solely for 
preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign 
laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject and as to their tax position.  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature, 
or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg 
income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) 
generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate 
income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of 
Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under 
certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well.  
TAXATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS  
Withholding Tax  
1.  
Non-resident Covered Bondholders  
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to non-resident Covered Bondholders, provided that the interest on the Covered Bonds does not depend on the profit of the 
Issuer, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds held by non-resident Covered Bondholders.  
2.  
Resident Covered Bondholders  
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Relibi Law) 
mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident Covered 
Bondholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds held by Luxembourg resident Covered Bondholders provided that the interest 
on the Covered Bonds does not depend on the profit of the Issuer.  
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or 
for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 
20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. Payment under the Covered Bonds coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to withholding tax of 20%.  
In addition, pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and pay a 20% tax on payment of 
interest or similar incomes made or ascribed by paying agents located in a Member State of the European Union other than 
Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic Area. The 20% tax is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are 
acting in the context of the management of their private wealth.

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of 
the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Further, Covered Bonds 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered 
Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under which 
Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are set out in the 
Programme Agreement. The Programme Agreement makes provision for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealers against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally 
in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and 
market making provisions.  
Subscription Agreements  
Any Subscription Agreement between the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and any one or more of the 
Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant 
Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being issued.  
Selling restrictions  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
If the Final Terms (or Base Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds do not include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Base Prospectus, as the 
case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any Covered Bonds 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
 
and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or the Base Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds specify "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 
2020) ("EUWA"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
If the Final Terms (or Base Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds do not include the legend "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by a Base Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom:   
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any Covered Bonds 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United States of America  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such 
Covered Bonds are a part within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer 
to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
 
on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale of such Covered Bonds 
within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act.  
Japan  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan.  
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Law  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an 
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it 
in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
France  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds.   
The Republic of Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
all applicable provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Information) Regulations 2017 (the "MiFID 
Regulations"), if operating in or otherwise involving Ireland, and of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU 
(recast) (together, "MiFID");  
(b) 
if acting under the terms of an authorisation for the purposes of MiFID, the terms of that authorisation and any applicable 
codes of conduct or practice and any applicable requirements of the MiFID Regulations or as imposed, or deemed to have 
been imposed, by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to the MiFID Regulations or the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018;  
(c) 
if acting under the terms of an authorisation granted to it for the purposes of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervisions 
of credit institutions and investment firms, the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018, any codes of conduct or practice made 
under section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989, any applicable requirements of the MiFID Regulations, any applicable 
requirements imposed, or deemed to have been imposed, by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to the MiFID Regulations

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
 
or the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 and, where applicable, any applicable requirements imposed by the European 
Central Bank pursuant to European Union legislation;  
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) shall be deemed to refer to 
such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, supplemented or replaced and shall include reference 
to all implementing measures, delegated acts and guidance in respect thereof.  
Germany  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance 
with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the 
Federal Republic of Germany to the offering and sale of the Covered Bonds.  
Republic of Italy  
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of 
the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy in accordance 
with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of 
Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including 
the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Law, as amended, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian Authority.  
GENERAL 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed under the Programme Agreement and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
the Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor.  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Admission to Trading and Minimum Denomination  
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Covered Bonds may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted basis.  
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, 
where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency).  
The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of the 
Covered Bonds that are not to be publicly offered and not to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of any Stock Exchange 
in any EU Member State and for which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Authorisations  
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 4 December 2007, 
14 April 2008 and 29 August 2008.  
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor on 3 October 
2008.  
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds.  
The update of the Programme was authorised by the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 28 March 2024 and by 
the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor on 5 April 2024 and on 24 July 2024. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds are issued in dematerialised form and are held on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and 
Clearstream). The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers  
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered Bonds of each 
Series or Tranche will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, there shall be at all times 
a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and behalf of the Covered Bondholders. The initial 
Representative of Covered Bondholders shall be Deutsche Trustee Company Limited.  
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
nor is the Issuer aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, which have had or may have significant effect on 
the Issuer's financial position or profitability.  
Material adverse change

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2023 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2023 (the last date to which the 
latest audited published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
No significant change in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s financial position or financial performance 
Since 31 March 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published), there has been no 
significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Since 31 December 2023 (the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial information or interim report on 
operations has been published), there has been no significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of the 
Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, without 
prejudice to paragraph “Publication on the Internet”, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
(which 
is 
also 
available 
on 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2568760113/Covered+Bond+Guarantee+%28Amendment+dated+10+April
+2024%29.pdf/874c753f-2eba-d69f-950f-5494872d7590?version=1.0&t=1721313494363); 
(b) 
the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024; 
(e) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(f) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2023; 
(g) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(h) 
Issuer’s consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended 
on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); 
(i) 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(j) 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(k) 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Results of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting”; 
(l) 
BPER Group press release dated 19 April 2024 entitled “Appointment of Chair, Deputy Chair and Chief Executive 
Officer”;

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
 
(m) 
BPER Group press release dated 30 April 2024 entitled “Verification of the independence requirement of Board 
Committee” 
(n) 
BPER Group press release dated 30 May 2024 entitled “Closure of 2022-2025 Group Business Plan brought forward to 
end-2024. Main targets achieved”; 
(o) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus; 
(p) 
any reports, letters, balance sheets, valuations and statements of experts included or referred to in the Base Prospectus 
(other than consent letters); 
(q) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only 
be available for inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders; and 
(r) 
any other document incorporated by reference. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, and at the following website https://istituzionale.bper.it/. 
If the Programme is listed and admitted to trading in a regulated market, other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
documentation listed above shall be made available pursuant to the applicable rules of the relevant regulated market. 
Financial statements available  
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly available financial statements and 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
The independent auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on the accounts of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included.  
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be 
outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent available financial statements of the Guarantor 
may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall 
be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent Investor Report may be obtained, free of 
charge, during normal business hours at the specified of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Publication on the Internet  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com.   
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement and final terms thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus, 
as well as any document incorporated by reference will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years at 
https://group.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-prospectuses/institutional-investors/carige-covered-bond 
and 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/financial-statements-reports.  
The Covered Bond Guarantee will be available on the internet site of the Issuer, at 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2568760113/Covered+Bond+Guarantee+%28Amendment+dated+10+April+2024%2
9.pdf/874c753f-2eba-d69f-950f-5494872d7590?version=1.0&t=1721313494363.  
Material Contracts

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in the last two years 
outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their 
obligations to Covered Bondholders.  
Independent Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, is the current auditor of the Issuer and 
is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the Ministery for Economy and Finance 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte is also a 
member of ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili. The engagement of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. will expire upon 
approval of the Issuer’s financial statements as at and for the year ending 31 December 2025. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also the current auditor of the Guarantor. 
The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and on the financial statements of the 
Guarantor for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Moody's and DBRS is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, and is included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating- agencies/risk. 
The Legal Entity Identifier  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 549300410MTM8QIP1W44.

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a term indicates the page on which such 
term is first defined. These and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some cases are summaries of, the 
definitions of such terms set out in the Transaction Documents, as they may be amended from time to time.  
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement, 185 
£, 7 
€, 7 
€STR, 73 
193 Decree, 128 
2015 Credit Agreement, 69 
2017 Budget Law, 61 
2019 Italian Credit Agreement, 69 
24 hours, 227 
48 hours, 228 
4Mori Sardegna, 92 
Acceleration Notice, 25, 185 
Account, 185 
Account Banks, 185 
Accounts, 153, 165, 185 
Accrual Yield, 185 
Accrued Interest, 185 
Acquiring Company, 123 
Additional Business Centre(s), 185 
Additional Financial Centre(s), 185 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount, 143, 185 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount, 169, 185 
Adjustment Spread, 214 
Admitted States, 176 
Affected Loan, 143 
Affected Party, 186 
Alba Leasing, 91 
Albo Unico, 11 
Alternative Rate, 214 
Amortisation Test, 41, 146, 186 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount, 146, 186 
APM, 86 
AQUI, 92 
Arca Holding, 92 
Arca Vita, 91 
Arrears of Interest, 169 
Article 74 Event, 23, 159, 186, 222 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice, 23, 159, 186 
Asset Coverage Test, 143, 186 
Asset Monitor, 11, 135, 180, 186 
Asset Monitor Agreement, 47, 135, 171, 186 
Asset Percentage, 145 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance, 144 
Asset Swap, 12, 186 
Asset Swap Counterparty, 12, 186 
AUI, 162 
Available Funds, 33, 186 
Back-up Servicer, 186 
Back-up Servicer Facilitator, 11, 186 
Banca Carige, 1, 92, 184 
Banca Cesare Ponti, 123 
Banca CRV, 90 
Banca della Campania, 90 
Banca di Sassari, 91 
Banca Italease, 91 
Banca Popolare del Materano, 90 
Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, 91 
Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia, 90 
Banca Popolare di Crotone, 90 
Banca Popolare di Ravenna, 90 
Banca Popolare di Salerno, 90 
Banco di Sardegna, 91 
Bank, 1 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, 125 
Banking Law, 10, 186 
Bankruptcy Law, 177 
Base Prospectus, 1, 247 
Basel Committee, 56 
Benchmark Amendments, 213, 215 
Benchmark Event, 215 
Benchmarks Regulation, 2 
Bibanca, 91 
Block Voting Instruction, 226 
Blocked Covered Bonds, 226 
BNT, 91 
Board, 129 
Board of Directors, 96 
BoI Regulations, 1, 184 
BPA, 90 
BPER, 1, 10, 90 
BPER Banca, 90 
BPER Banca Group, 90 
BPER Banking Group, 10 
BPER Group, 90 
BPLS, 90 
BPS, 91 
Breach of Test Notice, 42, 168, 186 
Breach Related Loss, 144 
Brexit, 53 
BRRD, 56, 125 
BRRD Amending Directive, 126 
BRRD II, 56 
BRRD III, 128 
BRRD Implementing Decrees, 126 
Business Day, 186 
Business Day Convention, 186 
Calculation Agent, 12, 187 
Calculation Agents, 187 
Calculation Amount, 187 
Calculation Date, 23, 187 
Calculation Period, 189 
Call Option, 187 
Carige, 92 
Carige Group, 92

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
 
Carispaq, 90 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 47, 165, 187 
Cash Manager, 12, 187 
CB Interest Period, 15, 187 
CB Payment Date, 15, 188 
CGT, 262 
Chairman, 226 
CHF, 7 
CICR, 68 
Clawed Back Amounts, 161, 196 
Clearstream, 2, 188 
COBS, 246 
Code, 220 
Collateral Account, 188 
Collateral Account Bank, 188 
Collection Period, 32, 188 
Collections, 46 
Commitment Limit, 44 
Commitment Limit, 158 
Company, 1 
Compensation Threshold, 145 
Condition, 184 
Conditions, 16, 184, 247 
CONSOB, 2, 188, 271 
Convention, 69 
Corporate Servicer, 11, 188 
Corporate Services Agreement, 46, 188 
Cover Pool, 188 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 48, 167, 188 
Cover Pool Manager, 169 
Cover Pool Swap, 49 
Covered Bond, 188 
Covered Bond Directive, 75 
Covered Bond Guarantee, 46, 159, 184 
Covered Bond Instalment Date, 19, 188 
Covered Bond Regulation, 75 
Covered Bond Swap, 12, 188 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, 12, 188 
Covered Bondholder, 226 
Covered Bondholders, 17, 188 
Covered Bonds, 1, 184 
CR Bra, 91 
CR Saluzzo, 91 
CRA Regulations, 2 
CRD V, 56 
CRR, 1, 184 
CRR II, 56 
CSA, 13, 174, 189 
CSSF, 1 
Current Balance, 169 
Day Count Fraction, 189 
DBRS, 2, 13, 52, 104, 205, 227 
DBRS Rating, 192 
Dealer, 192 
Dealers, 184 
Debtors, 38 
Decree 190, 192 
Decree 351, 259 
Decree 380, 69 
Decree 53/2015, 176 
Decree No. 239, 220, 258 
Decree No. 262, 263 
Decree No. 461, 262 
Decree No. 642, 264 
Deecree No. 30, 127 
Deed of Charge, 48, 173, 192 
Deeds of Charge, 192 
Defaulted Receivables, 142 
Defaulting Party, 192 
Deloitte, 88 
Destinazione Italia Decree, 67 
DGSD II, 128 
Discount Factor, 142 
distributor, 246 
Drawdown Date, 164 
Drawdown Request, 164 
Due for Payment Date, 160, 192 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, 169, 192 
Early Redemption Amount, 192 
Early Redemption Date, 192 
Early Termination Amount, 193 
ECB, 53, 56 
EEA, 8, 246 
Eligible Assets, 21, 137, 155, 193 
Eligible Cover Pool, 142 
Eligible Deposits, 193 
Eligible Deposits or Liquid Assets Advance, 45, 158 
Eligible Institution, 166, 193 
Eligible Investment, 193 
EMMI, 2 
Engagement Letter, 43 
English Law Account Charge – Transaction Bank Accounts, 
195 
ESMA, 3 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, 73 
EU CRA Regulation, 2, 52, 253, 254, 255 
EUR, 7, 195 
EURIBOR, 73, 195 
euro, 7 
Euro, 7, 195 
Euroclear, 2, 195 
Eurodollar Convention, 187 
EUWA, 8, 246, 269 
Evaluation Date, 155 
Event of Default, 226 
Excess Proceeds, 33, 195 
Excluded Scheduled Interest Amounts, 161, 206 
Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts, 161, 206 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount, 27 
Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs, 142 
Expense Account, 195 
Exposure Limit, 43, 195 
Extended Instalment Date, 18, 195 
Extended Maturity Date, 17, 195 
Extension Determination Date, 195 
Extraordinary Resolution, 195, 227 
Facility Liquidity Agreement, 46, 163 
FATCA, 220 
FCA, 73 
FIEA, 270 
Final Adhesion Term, 70 
Final Redemption Amount, 17, 160, 195 
Final Terms, 16, 184 
Financial Services Act, 2, 184

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
 
First CB Payment Date, 196 
First Covered Bond Programme, 57 
First Level Bank, 260 
Fitch, 52, 104, 196 
Fixed Coupon Amount, 196 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond, 196 
Fixed Rate Provisions, 196 
Floating Rate Convention, 187 
Floating Rate Covered Bond, 196 
Floating Rate Provisions, 196 
Following Business Day Convention, 187 
FRN Convention, 187 
FSMA, 8, 246 
Fund, 129, 259 
Gardant Group, 123 
GDPR, 162 
General Bail-in Tool, 125 
Group Risk Map, 118 
Guaranteed Amounts, 160, 196 
Guarantor, 1, 10, 184 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, 12, 196 
Guarantor Events of Default, 25, 196, 222 
Guarantor Payment Date, 27, 196 
Homepal, 122 
IASB, 88 
IFRIC, 88 
IGAS, 267 
Implementation Date, 196 
Implementing Provisions, 75 
Independent Adviser, 215 
Initial Issue Date, 196 
Initial Receivables, 137, 196 
Insolvency Event, 23, 196 
Instalment Amount, 197 
Instalment Amounts, 18, 217 
Instalment Extension Determination Date, 18, 197 
Insurance Distribution Directive, 8, 246, 268 
Insurance Policy, 66 
Integration Advance, 158 
Integration Assets, 21, 137, 155, 197 
Integration Assignment, 37 
Intercreditor Agreement, 46, 164, 197 
Interest, 258 
Interest Amount, 198 
Interest Available Funds, 28, 198 
Interest Commencement Date, 15, 199 
Interest Coverage Test, 40, 141 
Interest Determination Date, 199 
Intermediary, 259 
Intesa, 122 
Intesa Casa, 122 
Investment Account, 199 
Investment Agent, 12, 199 
Investor Report, 165 
Investor's Currency, 78 
IOSCO Benchmark Principles, 73 
IRAP, 259 
IRES, 259 
ISDA, 13, 174 
ISDA Definitions, 199 
ISDA Determination, 199 
ISDA Master Agreement, 13, 174 
ISP, 92 
Issuance Advance, 158 
Issuance Assignment, 37 
Issue Date, 15, 199 
Issue Price, 15 
Issuer, 1, 10, 199 
Issuer Event of Default, 221 
Issuer Events of Default, 22, 199 
Italian Account Bank, 12, 199 
Italian Accounts, 48 
Italian Deed of Pledge, 48, 173, 199 
Italian Deeds of Pledge, 199 
Italian Insolvency Code, 177, 181 
Italian Paying Agent, 13 
Italy, 7 
Joint Arrangers, 10 
KID, 252 
Latest Valuation, 146 
Law 126, 69 
Law 130, 1, 184 
Law Decree 91, 177 
Law Decree 93, 69 
Law No. 342, 68 
Legislative Decree 72, 68 
Liabilities, 227 
Liquid Assets, 21, 199 
Liquid Assets, 137 
Liquid Assets, 155 
Liquidation Date, 200 
Liquidity Buffer Account, 200 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account, 200 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, 42, 200 
Liquidity Facility, 163 
Liquidity Facility Agreement, 200 
Liquidity Facility Provider, 11, 200 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, 143 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, 13, 200 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law, 1 
Mandate Agreement, 165 
Mandatory Tests, 40, 141, 200 
Margin, 200 
Master Transfer Agreement, 37, 155, 200 
Maturity Date, 17, 200 
Maximum Rate of Interest, 200 
Maximum Redemption Amount, 200 
Meeting, 200, 227 
MEF Decree, 200 
Merged Companies, 91 
MiFID, 270 
MiFID II, 8, 246, 268 
MiFID Product Governance Rules, 8 
MiFID Regulations, 270 
Minimum DBRS Rating, 200 
Minimum OC Requirement, 43, 201 
Minimum Rate of Interest, 201 
Minimum Redemption Amount, 201 
M-MDA, 127 
Modified Business Day Convention, 187 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, 187 
Monte Titoli, 2, 185, 201 
Monte Titoli Account Holder, 227 
Monte Titoli Account Holders, 2, 201

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
 
Monthly Calculation Date, 201 
Moody's, 2, 13, 52, 104, 201, 205, 227 
Moody's Deposit Compensation, 145 
Moody's Potential Commingling Amount, 144, 201 
Moody's Potential Set-Off Amounts, 144 
Moody's Set-Off Exposure, 144 
Mortgage Cover Pool, 202 
Mortgage Credit Directive, 68 
Mortgage Loans, 137, 155, 201 
Mortgage Loans, 21 
Mortgage Loans General Criteria, 38, 137 
Mortgage Receivables, 176 
MREL, 127 
Negative Carry Factor, 145 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool, 141 
Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool, 141 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds, 142 
No Adjustment, 187 
Nominal Value Test, 40, 141, 202 
Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables, 176 
Notes, 123 
Notice to Pay, 22, 202 
NPLs, 125 
NPV Test, 40, 141 
NRAs, 127 
Nuova Carife, 92 
NWM, 10 
OBG Regulations, 1, 184, 202 
Official Gazette, 202 
Optima SIM, 123 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call), 202 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), 202 
Optional Redemption Date (Call), 202 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), 202 
Order, 202 
Ordinary Resolution, 227 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, 202 
Original Reference Rate, 74 
Originator, 66 
Parent Company, 90 
Paying Agents, 202 
Payment Business Day, 202 
Payment Report Date, 202 
Payments Report, 165 
Perpetual Case, 64 
Person, 202 
Place of Payment, 203 
Plan, 93 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments, 37, 
203 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, 33, 203 
Potential Commingling Amount 1, 144 
Potential Set-Off Amounts 1, 145 
Preceding Business Day Convention, 187 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, 203 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, 
28, 203 
Price Adjustment Advance, 45, 158 
PRIIPs Regulation, 8, 246 
Principal Amount Outstanding, 16, 203 
Principal Available Funds, 30, 203 
Principal Financial Centre, 204 
Principal Paying Agent, 13 
Priorities of Payments, 37 
Priority of Payments, 204 
Privacy Law, 162 
Programme, 1, 184 
Programme Agreement, 49, 172, 184 
Programme Limit, 14, 204 
Programme Resolution, 204, 227 
Prospectus Regulation, 1, 8, 204, 246, 247 
Proxy, 227 
Public Entity Securities, 137, 155 
Public Entity Security, 204 
Put Option, 204 
Put Option Notice, 204 
Put Option Receipt, 204 
Qualifying Country, 204 
Quotaholders' Agreement, 48, 171, 205 
RAF, 117 
Rate of Interest, 205 
Rating Agencies, 2, 13, 205, 227 
Real Estate Funds, 259 
Receivables, 137, 205 
Redemption Amount, 205 
Reference Banks, 205 
Reference Price, 205 
Reference Rate, 205 
Regular Date, 205 
Regular Period, 205 
Release, 91 
Relevant Clearing System, 205 
Relevant Clearing Systems, 2 
Relevant Date, 205 
Relevant Dealer(s), 205 
Relevant Dealers, 49, 173 
Relevant Events, 42 
Relevant Financial Centre, 206 
Relevant Nominating Body, 215 
Relevant Screen Page, 206 
Relevant Time, 206 
Renegotiated Loan, 145 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 13, 185, 206 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount, 169 
Required Redemption Amount, 169, 206 
Required Reserve Amount, 30, 147, 206 
Reserve Account, 206 
Reserve Advance, 164 
Reserve Amount Calculation Date, 164 
Reserve Fund, 30, 206 
Residential Mortgage Receivables, 176 
Resolutions, 227 
Responsible Persons, 5 
Revolving Assignment, 37 
Rules, 226 
S&P, 52, 104 
Scheduled Interest, 161, 206 
Scheduled Payment Date, 161 
Scheduled Principal, 161, 206 
Screen Rate Determination, 206 
Second Covered Bond Programme, 57 
Second Level Bank, 260 
Secured Creditors, 46, 207 
Securities Act, 6, 14, 269

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
 
Security, 241 
Security Trustee, 49 
Selected Assets, 169, 207 
Seller, 10, 207 
Series, 184, 207 
Series of Covered Bonds, 207 
Series Reserved Matter, 230 
Servicer, 11, 161, 207 
Servicer Termination Event, 162 
Servicing Agreement, 45, 161, 207 
SGRs, 259 
Shortfall, 164 
Shortfall Notice, 163 
SIMs, 259 
Specified Currency, 14, 207 
Specified Denomination(s), 207 
Specified Future Date, 215 
Specified Office, 207 
Specified Period, 207 
Spring, 92 
SRB, 127 
SREP, 56, 123 
SRM, 129 
SRM III, 128 
SRM Regulation, 129 
SRMR, 56 
SSM, 56 
SSM Framework Regulation, 56 
SSM Regulation, 56 
Stabilising Manager(s), 7 
Subordinated Loan, 44, 158 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, 44, 158, 207 
Subordinated Loan Interest, 45, 158 
Subordinated Loan Provider, 11, 207 
Subscription Agreement, 49, 184 
Subsequent Receivables, 37, 137, 207 
Subsidiary, 207 
Successor Rate, 216 
Successor Servicer, 11, 162 
Summer, 92 
Suspension Period, 222 
Swap Agreements, 207 
Swap Collateral, 174, 207 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 27 
Swap Counterparties, 207 
Swap Curve, 142 
Swap Rate, 227 
T2, 208 
T2 Settlement Day, 208 
Test Performance Report, 168, 208 
Tests, 41, 143, 208 
TLAC standard, 128 
Tranche, 16, 184 
Transaction Account, 208 
Transaction Accounts Deed of Pledge, 48, 173, 208 
Transaction Bank, 12, 208 
Transaction Documents, 208 
Transaction Party, 227 
U.S. Dollar, 7 
U.S.$, 7 
UBI, 92 
UBS, 10 
UK, 2, 8, 246 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, 73 
UK CRA Regulation, 2, 253, 254, 255 
UK MiFIR, 246 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 8, 246 
UK PRIIPs Regulation, 8, 246 
UK Sterling, 7 
Unipol Banca, 92 
Unipol Group, 91 
UnipolRental, 94 
UnipolSai, 92 
Usury Law, 67 
Usury Law Decree, 67 
Usury Rates, 67 
Usury Regulations, 67 
UTP, 92 
VAT Group Regime, 61 
Voter, 227 
Voting Certificate, 227 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, 37, 44, 157, 208 
White List, 260 
Written Resolution, 227 
Yen, 7 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond, 208 
Zero Coupon Provisions, 208

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
 
ISSUER, SELLER, SERVICER, CALCULATION AGENT, SUBORDINATED LOAN PROVIDER, ITALIAN 
ACCOUNT BANK, INVESTMENT AGENT, LIQUIDITY FACILITY PROVIDER 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy  
GUARANTOR  
Carige Covered Bond S.r.l.  
Via Cassa di Risparmio, 15  
16123 Genoa  
Italy  
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS  
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited  
Winchester House  
21 Moorfields  
London EC2N 2ND  
United Kingdom  
CALCULATION AGENT  
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy  
ITALIAN ACCOUNT BANK  
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT  
Deutsche Bank S.p.A.  
Via Turati, 27  
20121 Milan 
Italy  
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, TRANSACTION BANK, CASH MANAGER  
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch  
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3  
20124 – Milan 
Italy 
ASSET MONITOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan  
Italy

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
 
CORPORATE SERVICER, GUARANTOR CALCULATION AGENT 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri 1  
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT  
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg Société Anonyme  
2 bd. Konrad Adenauer L-1115 Luxembourg  
LEGAL ADVISERS  
To the Joint Arrangers and the Dealers  
As to Italian law and English law  
Studio Legale Associato in associazione con Clifford Chance  
Via Broletto, 16  
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Issuer and the Seller  
As to Italian law and English Law 
Hogan Lovells Studio Legale 
Via Marche, 1-3 
00187 - Rome 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS AND DEALERS  
UBS Europe SE 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherland 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
To the Issuer 
To the Guarantor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
Italy 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
Italy