--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 9 November 2021 
 
 
 
 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
(a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
ESTENSE CPT COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy) 
 
The € 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus 
(the “Base Prospectus”) has been established by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare 
dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, the “Parent Bank” or the “Issuer”) for the issuance 
of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) (the “Covered Bonds”, which term includes, for the 
avoidance of doubt and as the context requires, Registered Covered Bonds, as defined below) 
guaranteed by Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to Article 7-bis of law of 30 
April 1999, No. 130, as implemented and supplemented (“Law 130”) and the relevant implementing 
measures set out in the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310, 
as amended and supplemented (the “MEF Decree”) and the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy 
set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 
December 2013), as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI Regulations” 
and, together with the Law 130 and the MEF Decree, jointly the “OBG Regulations”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed € 
7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor. and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and 
(save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the 
Covered Bondholders will be collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf in 
accordance with Law 130. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
“CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority (the “Competent Authority”) under Article 31 of 
the Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public and admitted to trading on a 
regulated market (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of 
the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Approval by the CSSF relates only to 
the Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) provides that, by 
approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in any economic or financial opportunity of the operations or activities or the quality and 
solvency of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its approval date and therefore until 9

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Milan 4226583.8 
November 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
Application has been made to list Covered Bonds on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trade the Covered Bonds on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/U (as amended, “MiFID II”). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) have been admitted to the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. In addition, 
the Issuer and each relevant Dealer named under the section “Subscription and Sale” below may agree 
to make an application to list a Series or Tranche on any other stock exchange. The Programme also 
permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. The relevant Final Terms (as defined in the 
section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below) in respect of the issue of any Series will 
specify whether or not such Series will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, such Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will not have a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including 
Euro, GBP, CHF, Yen and USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-
annually or annually as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in arrear at a fixed or floating rate, 
increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price 
with no interest accruing and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche prepared in 
accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if the relevant Covered Bonds are listed, to 
be delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue 
of such Tranche. 
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered 
bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”). The terms and conditions 
of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”) will specify the minimum 
denomination for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in bearer form and 
dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be held in such form on behalf of their 
ultimate owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office 
is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, (“Monte Titoli”) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and 
includes any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks 
appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). The expression “Relevant Clearing Systems” means any 
of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”). 
Each Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant 
Issue Date (as defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below). The 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all times be held in book entry form and 
title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with article 83-bis of Italian 
legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the “Financial Law”)

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Milan 4226583.8 
and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy, regarding post-trading systems, dated 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title is and will be issued in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds). 
Before the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in 
whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Covered Bond may be assigned on issue a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by 
Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A. (“Moody’s” or the “Rating Agency”), which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of ESMA 
pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation (for more information please visit the ESMA webpage 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). Covered Bonds to be issued under 
the Programme, if rated, are expected to be rated “Aa3” by Moody’s, to the extent that at the relevant 
time it provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. Where a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as 
amended from time to time (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation; and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
or in the Registered CB Conditions (as applicable). In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority 
(the “ESMA”) is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/Listregistered-and-
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be 
subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated 
independently of any other. 
Interes amounts payable as intererest amounts under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by 
reference to EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). The 
regulatory status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and 
save as required by the applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to provide any updates or prepare any 
supplement to reflect any changes in the regulatory status of any administrator. 
An investment in Covered Bond issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Milan 4226583.8 
investors should have regard to the risk and other factors described under the section headed 
“Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Arranger and Initial Dealer  
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Milan 4226583.8 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the 
Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
the import of such information.  
The Guarantor has provided the information under the section headed “Description of the Guarantor” and 
any other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself and, together with the Issuer (the 
“Responsible Persons”), accepts responsibility for the information contained in those sections. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the information and data in relation to which it is responsible as described 
above are in accordance with the facts and do not contain any omission likely to affect the import of such 
information and data. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, pursuant to art. 154- bis, 
para. 2 of the Financial Law  
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports (dirigente preposto), Marco Bonfatti, 
declares in accordance with art. 154-bis, para. 2., of the Financial Law, that the accounting data contained in 
this Base Prospectus corresponds to the underlying documents, accounting books and the other accounting 
entries of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with all 
documents incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed “Documents incorporated by 
reference”, below). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus, any supplements, the 
relevant Final Terms and the documents incorporated by reference. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
(and, therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds are the 
persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of 
the Primary Paying Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in 
the specific section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For ease of reference, the 
section headed “Glossary” below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each 
capitalised term is defined. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any party to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Milan 4226583.8 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its approval date and it and any supplement hereto, as 
well as any Final Terms filed within these 12 months, reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. 
The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, 
made or purported to be made by the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a Dealer 
or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. 
The Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and 
any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any of them as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in connection with the Covered Bonds or their distribution. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, nor accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. 
Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data, as well as calculations taken from 
industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It is 
hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, such 
information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Responsible Persons are aware and are

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Milan 4226583.8 
able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where 
used. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered 
Bonds, see the section headed “Selling Restrictions” below. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and include 
Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
There are further restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered 
Bonds in the European Economic Area, including the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the 
Republic of Italy, and in Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered 
Bonds, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or 
in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase 
of such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended 
to restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, 
in connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced 
at the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$ ” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the 
currency of the United States of America; references to “CHF” are to the currency of Switzerland; references 
to “Yen” are to the currency of Japan; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United 
Kingdom; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to “UK” are to the United Kingdom; 
references to “EEA” are to the European Economic Area; references to laws and regulations are, unless 
otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of 
millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded 
them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arranger 
or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s)

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Milan 4226583.8 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the 
Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the 
“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds, or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK, has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
  
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bond is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Milan 4226583.8 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective Affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's 
financial position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-
looking statements. Such forward- looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and 
other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry 
results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will 
operate in the future. Important factors that could cause the Issuer's actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, 
those discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors". These forward-looking statements speak only as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus or as at such earlier date at which such statements are expressed to be given. 
Subject to any continuing disclosure obligation under applicable law (including, without limitation, the 
obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation), the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations 
with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Milan 4226583.8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS .......................................................................................................... 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................11 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................58 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................90 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................................................97 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM .......................................................................................................................98 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER .....................................................................99 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR .......................................................................................145 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES .........................147 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ........................................................................................................................152 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS .......................................................................................................162 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ...................................................................167 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ..........................................................................................191 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .................................................................204 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ........................................253 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ...........................................................................................................279 
KEY 
FEATURES 
OF 
REGISTERED 
COVERED 
BONDS 
(NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) .......................................................................................................................290 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY ..........................................................................................292 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ................................................................................................................300 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...............................................................................................................303 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................308 
GLOSSARY .........................................................................................................................................313

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Milan 4226583.8 
 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and as such the following section does 
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of 
Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to 
making an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered 
Condition are to the corresponding numbered Condition in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” below. 
(a) 
Parties 
Issuer 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa), a bank incorporated as a 
joint-stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, fiscal code, VAT number and number of 
registration with the companies’ register of Modena, No. 
01153230360, registered with the register of banks (albo delle 
banche) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Banking Act under number 4932, parent company of the 
“Gruppo Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna” registered with 
the register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to article 64 of the Banking Act under number 5387.6 
(the “BPER Banking Group” or the “Group” or the “BPER 
Group”), having its registered office at Via San Carlo, 8/20, 
41121 Modena, Italy (the “Issuer”, the “Parent Bank” or 
“BPER”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see the section 
headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” below. 
Guarantor 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l., a company incorporated in 
Italy as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitatà) pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 
1999, as amended from time to time ( “Law 130”), whose 
registered office is in Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano 
(TV), Italy, corporate capital equal to Euro 10,000.00 fully paid-
in, fiscal code, VAT number and number of registration with 
the Companies Register of Treviso - Belluno, under No. 
04730160266, belonging to the BPER Banking Group and 
directed and co-ordinated (soggetta all’attività di direzione e 
coordinamento) by BPER Banca S.p.A. (the “Guarantor”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see the 
section headed “Description of the Guarantor”, below. 
Arranger 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a bank incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at 
Via Alfieri 1, 31015, Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the Companies Register of Treviso number 
04040580963, enrolled under number 5580 in the register of 
banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Banking Act (“Banca Finint”), in its capacities as arranger(the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Arranger”).  
Dealer 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, Banca Finint will act 
as initial dealer (in such capacity, the Initial Dealer, and 
together with any other dealer appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement, the Dealers and 
each of them a Dealer, as the context requires). 
Initial Seller 
BPER will act as seller under the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (in such capacity, the “Initial Seller” and, together 
with the Additional Sellers (as defined below), the “Sellers”). 
For a more detailed description of the Initial Seller, see the 
section headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”, 
below. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and 
which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(a) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer 
agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially 
the same terms and conditions of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement (each an “Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement” and, together with the BPER 
Master Transfer Agreement, the “Master Transfer 
Agreements” and any one of them a “Master Transfer 
Agreement”); and 
(b) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPER will act as subordinated loan provider (in such capacity, 
the “Subordinated Loan Provider”) pursuant to the terms of 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below).  
Any Additional Seller that will sell further Subsequent Portfolios 
(as defined below) to the Guarantor will be required to enter 
into a subordinated loan agreement with the Guarantor 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms 
and conditions of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
(each such agreement, an “Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
Servicer 
BPER will act as servicer (the “Servicer”) in the context of the 
Programme and will be responsible for the management and 
the collection of the Receivables (as defined below) 
respectively sold from time to time to the Guarantor, pursuant 
to the terms of the Servicing Agreement.  
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, is entitled to delegate to the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Milan 4226583.8 
relevant Additional Seller the management, administration, 
collection and recovery activities in respect of those 
Receivables sold by such relevant Additional Seller. 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, will remain directly 
responsible for the performance of all duties and obligations 
delegated to any relevant Additional Seller and will be liable for 
their respective conduct. For a more detailed description of the 
Servicer, see the section headed “Description of the Issuer 
and Initial Seller” below. 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the “Successor Servicer”) which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing activities 
performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing 
entity thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event (as defined below) (for a more detailed 
description, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement” below). 
Corporate Servicer 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, Banca Finint 
will act as corporate servicer (the “Corporate Servicer”). 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will 
be appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted 
by the Issuer, and which will act as an independent monitor 
pursuant to an Asset Monitor Agreement in order to perform 
tests and procedures, including those in accordance with the 
applicable legal regulations. The current Asset Monitor is PwC 
(the “Asset Monitor”). 
Italian Account Bank 
Citibank, N.A., Milan Branch, a bank incorporated under the 
laws of United States of America, having its registered office at 
701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A., 
acting through its Milan branch, enrolment in the companies’ 
register of Milan number 600769, registered with the register of 
banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 
of the Banking Act under number 4630, having its registered 
office at Via dei Mercanti, 12, 20121 Milan, Italy (Citibank 
N.A., Milan Branch) will act as Italian account bank pursuant 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “Italian 
Account Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining and operating 
the Italian Accounts for so long as it qualifies as an Eligible 
Institution. 
Cash Manager 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, a bank incorporated under the 
laws of United States of America, having its registered office at 
701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A. 
whose registered office is at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, operating for the purposes 
hereof through its London Branch (registered branch number: 
BR001018) (Citibank N.A., London Branch) will act as cash 
manager 
under 
the 
Cash 
Management 
and 
Agency 
Agreement for the purpose of performing certain calculation 
and payment services on behalf of the Guarantor and

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Milan 4226583.8 
maintaining and operating – upon direction of the Investment 
Agent – the English Investment Account and the English 
Securities Account subject to the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Cash Manager”). 
English Account Bank 
Citibank N.A., London Branch will act as English account bank 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
(the “English Account Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining 
and operating the English Accounts for so long as it qualifies 
as an Eligible Institution. 
Investment Agent 
BPER will act as Investment Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Investment 
Agent”) for the purpose of investing the amounts from time to 
time standing to the credit of the English Investment Account. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER 
will act as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”). The 
Calculation Agent will perform certain calculations and conduct 
certain tests pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
Banca Finint will act as Guarantor calculation agent (the 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent”). The Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will perform certain calculations and reporting services 
in relation to the Cover Pool. 
Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap 
counterparty (each a “Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty”) 
to the Guarantor under any swap agreements executed with 
the Guarantor in order to hedge basis and interest rate risk on 
the Cover Pool or a portion thereof (each, a “Mortgage Pool 
Swap”). 
Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as covered bond 
swap 
counterparty 
(each, 
a 
“Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under any covered bond 
swap agreements executed with the Guarantor in order to 
hedge certain interest rate, basis risk, and, if applicable, 
currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor 
under the Mortgage Pool Swap and amounts to be paid in 
respect of the Covered Bonds by the Guarantor (each, a 
“Covered Bond Swap”). 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty (the “Swap Counterparties”). 
Swap Agreements 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap (the 
“Swap Agreements”), which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and 
(ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively, is or 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Milan 4226583.8 
Association Inc. (“ISDA”). 
Primary Paying Agent 
BPER will act as primary paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds (the “Primary Paying Agent”). 
Subsequent Paying Agent 
Citibank N.A., Milan Branch will act as subsequent paying 
agent under the Programme pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “Subsequent 
Paying Agent”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Banque International à Luxembourg SA, whose registered 
office is at 69, route d’Esch Office PLM – 101 F, L-2953 
Luxembourg, will act as Luxembourg listing agent under the 
Programme (the “Luxembourg Listing Agent”). 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as 
registrar (the “Registrar”) in respect of the German law 
governed covered bonds in registered form (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”) issued 
under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to 
the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Registered Paying Agent 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent 
in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, if any (the “Registered Paying Agent”).  
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as representative of the holders of the 
covered bonds pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders (the 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders”). 
Ownership or control 
relationships between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this section, other than the 
relationship existing between the Issuer (also as Initial Seller, 
Servicer, Subordinated Loan Provider, Primary Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Investment Agent), the Additional 
Seller(s) (if any) and the Guarantor, all of which belong to the 
BPER Banking Group. The entities belonging to the BPER 
Banking Group are subject to the direction and co-ordination 
(direzione e coordinamento) of the Issuer. 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A. (“Moody’s”), or its 
successors, to the extent that at the relevant time it provides 
ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds (the 
“Rating Agency”).  
 
(b) 
The Covered Bonds and the Programme 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Milan 4226583.8 
Issuer and will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Size 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of 
the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro 
exchange rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at 
any one time (the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit 
may be increased in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with 
the relevant selling restrictions. 
Methods of issue 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect 
of such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be 
fungible among themselves. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) which will be identical in all 
respects, 
but 
having 
different 
issue 
dates, 
interest 
commencement dates and issue prices. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds may be issued only in Series 
consisting of a single Tranche.  
 
The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject 
to certain conditions (see the paragraph headed “Conditions 
precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds” below). 
Selling restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Republic 
of Ireland, France, Germany, the Republic of Italy and Japan. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies 
as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms (each a “Specified Currency”), subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject to the 
minimum denomination requirements specified below, the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Milan 4226583.8 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will 
be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal or regulatory or central bank requirements (see 
Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title)). 
 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other 
than Registered Covered Bonds) will be Euro 100,000 and 
integral multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof (or, if the 
Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other 
higher denomination as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche may be issued at 
their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in 
each case, the “Issue Price” for such Series or Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Programme 
Agreement (in each case, the “Issue Date” in relation to such 
Series or Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, subject in each case, to the extent provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention (as defined in the 
Conditions) (each such date, a “CB Payment Date”). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date 
(or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date) (each a “CB Interest Period”). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Issue Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds or such other date as may be specified as the Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms (each an 
“Interest Commencement Date”). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or 
in registered form as Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Series or Tranche 
will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date 
in accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through 
the authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of the 
Financial Law. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Milan 4226583.8 
dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form 
and title to such Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of 
the Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation, regarding post-
trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and the 
Commissione 
Nazionale 
per 
le 
Società 
e 
la 
Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in 
the form of Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued with 
a minimum denomination indicated in the applicable 
Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, together with the 
execution of the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of 
organisation 
agreement 
(the 
“Registered 
CB 
Rules 
Agreement”) in relation to a specific issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen), together with the related Registered CB 
Conditions attached thereto, the relevant Registered CB 
Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to 
govern such Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will 
constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Series 
of Registered Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references 
in the Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, 
stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules 
Agreement relating thereto or any other document expressed 
to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, 
each other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus 
shall be construed and read as a reference to such Registered 
CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto 
or any other document expressed to govern such issue of 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective 
until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly 
executed Assignment Agreement and Registered CB Rules 
Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB 
Conditions or multiples thereof. 
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include 
reference to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered 
Bond (the “Registered Covered Bondholders”) as the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Milan 4226583.8 
context may require. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to 
Covered Bonds shall include reference to the Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the 
section headed “Key features of Registered Covered Bonds 
Namensschuld verschreibungen” below. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, depending on the interest basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered 
Bonds scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date 
and 
Instalment 
Covered 
Bonds, 
depending 
on 
the 
redemption/payment basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. Each Series shall comprise Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds only as may be so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate, which will be payable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) and on redemption, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
(as 
published 
by 
the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issuer Date of 
the first Tranche of Covered Bonds); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service; 
or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
in each case, as provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series 
of Floating Rate Covered Bonds and as provided in the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Milan 4226583.8 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
CB Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (and indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms), will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
provided for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Under Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, no interest will be payable. Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are scheduled to 
be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof and without 
any provision for scheduled redemption other than on the 
Maturity Date and in relation to which an Extended Maturity 
Date shall apply. 
 
Instalment Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer 
will pay, on each CB Payment Date, a portion of principal until 
maturity, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance 
with the generally applicable terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, other than the Registered Covered Bonds 
(the “Conditions”), prior to the issue of each Series or 
Tranche detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the 
purposes of that Series or Tranche only, completes the 
Conditions and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (such specific final terms, the “Final Terms”). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series or 
Tranche are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Registered Covered Bond shall be set out in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern 
such particular Registered Covered Bonds. 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and 
interest will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest may accrue on the Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Milan 4226583.8 
floating rate or on such other basis and at such rate as may 
be so specified in the relevant Final Terms and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the Issue Date and the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche. 
Redemption of the Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.  
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of Covered Bonds that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates 
on which, and the amounts in which, such Covered Bonds 
may be redeemed. 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Covered 
Bonds will state whether such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders of the 
Covered Bonds and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
 
Except as provided above, Covered Bonds will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons 
(as set out in the paragraph headed “Tax gross-up and 
redemption for taxation reasons” below).  
Tax Gross-up and redemption 
for taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted in accordance with the 
provision of Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). In 
such circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, the Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in 
whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer. See 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default 
(as defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series (the “Maturity Date”) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless previously redeemed 
as provided in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their 
Outstanding Principal Balance on the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Milan 4226583.8 
Extended Maturity Date and 
Pass Through Series 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will also provide that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts (as 
defined below) equal to the Final Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred pursuant to the 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms for the period set out 
therein (the “Extended Maturity Date”). Such deferral will 
automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, if: 
 
(A) 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds (each such 
Series, a “Pass Through Series”): 
 
(a) 
a Notice to Pay has been delivered, the Issuer 
having failed to pay in full any amount 
representing 
the 
Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding to the amount due (subject to the 
applicable grace period) in respect of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”) on the Maturity Date of such Series of 
Covered Bons and; 
 
(b) 
the Guarantor determines on the Extension 
Determination Date that it has insufficient funds 
to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
 
(B) 
in respect to all Series of Covered Bonds, which all 
become Pass Through Series if at any time a Notice to 
Pay has been delivered (and, in case of a Notice to Pay 
delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice is served. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically 
until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date in respect of the 
relevant Pass Through Series may be paid in full or in part, in 
accordance with the Notice to Pay, by the Guarantor on any 
relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date starting from the 
Extension Determination Date, up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date for such Pass Through 
Series. 
 
The Guarantor will be obliged to (A) apply on each Guarantor 
payment Date any Availble Funds towards redemption in full 
or in part of all Pass Through Series in accordance with the 
Priority of Payments; and (B) use its best effort to sell, in 
accordance 
with 
the 
priviosions 
of 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, Selected Assets, on a semi-annual 
basis.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, failure by the Guarantor to sell 
Selected Assets in the Portfolio in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement shall not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are 
extended as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 
Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service 
of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume 
responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any 
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an Extension of 
Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount 
shall be due for payment on the last Business Day of the 
month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been 
served. 
 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling 
seven Business Days after the expiry of the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities 
of each Series, and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having 
the same maturity of each Series of the Covered Bonds, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative pledge 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross-default 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including, without limitation, in 
relation to other debt securities of the Issuer) nor an 
acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an 
Issuer Event of Default. 
Recourse 
In accordance with Law 130 and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the 
“MEF Decree”) and with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below), the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) 
will benefit from full recourse on the Issuer and limited 
recourse on the Guarantor limited to the Available Funds. For 
a more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
Structure”, below.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Milan 4226583.8 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by and are deemed to have notice of all provisions of 
the Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, 
each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered 
Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its representative and accepts to be bound by 
the terms of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as if such 
Covered Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
Conditions precedent to the 
issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on 
any date and without the consent of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds issued beforehand and of any other creditors 
of the Guarantor or of the Issuer, to issue further Series or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds, subject to certain conditions 
precedent set out in the Programme Agreement, including, 
inter alia: 
 
(a) 
satisfaction of the Tests (as defined below) both before 
and immediately after such further issue of Covered 
Bonds; and 
 
(b) 
compliance with the requirements of issuing/assigning 
banks (Requisiti delle banche emittenti e/o cedenti; see 
Section II, paragraph 1 of the supervisory guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 
285 of 17 December 2013), as replaced, amended and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time 
(the 
“BoI 
Regulations”)); and 
 
(c) 
no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default having occurred (collectively, together with the 
other conditions set out in the Programme Agreement, 
the “Conditions to the Issue”).  
 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series shall be cross-collateralised by 
all the assets included in the Cover Pool (as defined below) 
(see also the paragraph headed “Status of the Covered 
Bonds”, above). 
Approval, listing and admission 
to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a 
base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Milan 4226583.8 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in 
relation to the Series or Tranche. Covered Bonds which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to 
trading will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted 
to trading on any market. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli/Euroclear/Clearstream and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a 
clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered 
Bonds) and the related Transaction Documents will be 
governed by Italian law except for the Swap Agreements and 
the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, which will 
be governed by English law. 
 
The 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) will be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany save that, in any case, certain provisions 
(including those relating to status, limited recourse of the 
Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer 
and the Portfolio) shall be governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by Moody’s as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, 
are expected to be rated Aa3 by Moody’s or as otherwise 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the Rating 
Agency at any time. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, the Covered Bondholders will 
benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Cover Pool 
The assets comprised in the Cover Pool may consist of:  
 
(A) 
monetary receivables arising from Italian residential and 
commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari 
residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) 
and (b) of the MEF Decree (the “Mortgage Loans”); and  
 
(B) 
securities satisfying the requirements set forth under 
article 2, paragraph 1, lett. c), of the MEF Decree (the 
“Public Securities”) (the Mortgage Loans and the Public 
Securities are jointly referred to as the “Eligible Assets”); 
 
(C) 
assets mentioned in Article 2, paragraph 3, point 2 and 3, 
of the MEF Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks 
residing in Eligible States and (ii) securities issued by 
banks residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not 
greater than one year, which, according to the MEF 
Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 
15% of the Portfolio (collectively, the “Integration 
Assets”) (the monetary receivables arising under the 
Mortgage Loans transferred by the Initial Seller to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (the “Initial Receivables”). The Initial 
Receivables, the other Eligible Assets and the Integration 
Assets are jointly referred to as the “Cover Pool”). 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts (as defined below) in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date (as defined herein). 
 
To ensure timely payment by the Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor as a 
consequence of an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of the Guaranteed Amounts are subject to the conditions that an 
Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a Notice to Pay has 
been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all 
Guaranteed Amounts once a Guarantor Default Notice has 
been delivered to the Guarantor. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional, 
irrevocable and autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma) 
and certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in the 
MEF Decree, shall not apply. Accordingly, the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with 
limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any 
invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Milan 4226583.8 
guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
For a detailed description, see the section headed “Description 
of the Transaction Documents - Covered Bond Guarantee” 
below. 
 
(d) 
Issuer Events of Default, Breach of Amortisation Test, Guarantor Events of Default and 
Priorities of Payments 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute 
“Issuer Events of Default”: 
 
(a) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of two Business Days to 
pay any principal amount, or for a period of 14 Business 
Days in the payment of any interest on the Covered 
Bonds of any Series when due; or 
 
(b) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds 
and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) (except 
where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy, in which case no notice will be required) and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(c) 
if, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice (as 
defined below), the Tests are not cured by the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date unless 
an Extraordinary Resolution resolves otherwise; or 
 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
 
(e) 
an Article 74 Event. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice (the “Notice to Pay”) on the Issuer and Guarantor 
declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event 
of Default may be temporary). 
 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate 
against the Issuer and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Milan 4226583.8 
that (A) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration 
against 
the 
Guarantor, 
(B) 
in 
accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF 
Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall 
be solely responsible for the exercise of the rights 
of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer 
and (C) in case of the Issuer Event of Default 
referred to under point (e) above (I) the Guarantor, 
in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
suspension period and (II) upon the end of the 
suspension period the Issuer shall be responsible 
for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
 
(ii) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
(see 
the 
section 
headed 
“Description of the Transaction - Covered Bond 
Guarantee” below); 
 
(iii) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined below) shall 
continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test 
(as defined below) shall be also applied; 
 
(iv) 
to the extent that the Guarantor does not have 
sufficient funds to pay principal on a Series of 
Covered Bonds, such Series shall become a Pass 
Through Series in accordance with Condition 8(b). 
 
(v) 
the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to 
effect timely due payments under the Covered 
Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement; 
 
(vi) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued, 
 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in 
items from (i) to (vi) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments will be in force and effect.  
 
“Calculation Date” means the 20th day of January, April, July 
and October or, if that day is not a Business Day, the 
immediate following Business Day. The first Calculation Date 
will fall on 20th of January 2016. 
 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any bank, company or 
corporation, that:

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(a) 
such bank, company or corporation has become subject 
to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, 
insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, 
without 
limitation, 
fallimento, 
liquidazione 
coatta 
amministrativa, 
concordato 
preventivo 
and 
amministrazione straordinaria, each such expression 
bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution 
and 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such 
bank, company or corporation are subject to a distraint 
(pignoramento) or any procedure having a similar effect 
(other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of 
assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of 
further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), 
unless, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of 
legal advisers selected by it), such proceedings are being 
disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
 
(b) 
an application for the commencement of any of the 
proceedings under (a) above is made in respect of or by 
such bank, company or corporation or such proceedings 
are otherwise initiated against such bank, company or 
corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of 
legal advisers selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(c) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a 
re-adjustment of deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other 
than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the 
Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent 
court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or 
applies for suspension of payments; or 
 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of 
such bank, company or corporation or any of the events 
under Article 2448 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with 
respect to such bank, company or corporation (except in 
any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the 
purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously 
approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); or

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(e) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to 
any proceedings equivalent or analogous to those above 
under the law of any jurisdiction in which such bank, 
company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Breach of Amortistion Test 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor: 
 
(i) 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall 
become Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds 
and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments; 
 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its 
best effort to sell Receivables and/or the 
Integration 
Assets 
and/or 
Public 
Securities 
included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible 
Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the following events shall constitute 
“Guarantor Events of Default”: 
 
(a) 
default by the Guarantor, having sufficient Available 
Funds for such purpose in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments, for a period of seven 
days to pay any principal amount, or for a period of 14 
days in the payment of any interest on the Covered 
Bonds of any Series; or 
 
(b) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations 
under the provisions of any Transaction Documents to 
which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation 
for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default 
is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying 
that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice on the Guarantor (the “Guarantor Default Notice”) 
declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
Upon the service of the Guarantor Default Notice, all 
outstanding Covered Bonds of each Series will become 
immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued interest, and 
they will rank pari passu amongst themselves. 
Cross-acceleration 
If a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each outstanding 
Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds will 
accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority set 
out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any and all taxes 
due and payable by the Guarantor (to the extent 
that amounts standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account are insufficient to pay such 
amounts) and to credit the amounts necessary to 
replenish the Expenses Account up to the 
Expense Required Amount; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any Guarantor’s 
documented fees, costs and expenses, in order to 
preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in 
good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation (the “Expenses”), to the extent that 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account are insufficient to pay such Expenses; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the English Account Bank, the Italian Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Registered Paying 
Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the 
Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying 
Agent, the Investment Agent and the Servicer; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any amount 
due and payable to the Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties 
other 
than 
any 
termination 
payment due to the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Milan 4226583.8 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Mortgage 
Pool Swap to the extent of any premium received 
(net of any costs reasonably incurred by the 
Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration 
for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap; 
 
(v) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata: 
 
(A) 
 
to pay, pari passu and pro rata, (i) any 
amount due and payable to the Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties 
on 
such 
Guarantor Payment Date, in respect of the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements which are 
not currency swaps and (ii) any amount 
representing interest due and payable to the 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties on 
such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements which are 
currency swaps (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, 
in any event, the amount of any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is not a 
currency swap, to the extent of any 
premium 
received 
(net 
of 
any 
costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if 
any) 
to 
find 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty 
in 
consideration for entering into a swap 
transaction with the Guarantor on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, 
which is not a currency swap); 
 
(B) 
to credit to the Italian Cash Reserve 
Account an amount required to ensure that 
the Italian Cash Reserve Account is funded 
up to the Required Reserve Amount, as 
calculated on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
necessary to cover the amounts already paid

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Milan 4226583.8 
under item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments on any preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date and not yet repaid under 
this item on any previous Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pro rata and pari passu in 
accordance with the respective amounts thereof, 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under items (iv) and (v)(A) 
above; 
 
(viii) eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Italian Collection Account 
until such Servicer Termination Event is either 
remedied or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a replacement servicer is 
appointed; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari 
passu, according to the respective amounts 
thereof, of (i) all amounts due and payable to the 
relevant Seller in respect of Seller’s Claims (if any) 
under the terms of the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; 
 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any interest due and payable to the 
Seller(s) pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement(s), provided that the Tests are 
satisfied on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
and  
 
(xi) 
eleventh, to retain any remaining amounts to the 
credit of the Italian Collection Account provided 
that, upon redemption in full or cancellation of all 
outstanding Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds, any remaining amounts shall be 
paid to the Subordinated Loan Provider(s) as 
interest not yet paid under item (x) above, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment”).  
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Milan 4226583.8 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that 
such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) 
to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on 
each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the 
Italian Payments Account and shall be considered as Available 
Funds and applied on the immediately following Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the 28th day of January, April, July 
and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the 
following Business Day or (b) following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Due for Payment Date. 
 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
 
“Sellers’ Claims” means, collectively, the monetary claims that 
each relevant Seller may have from time to time against the 
Guarantor under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement (other 
than in respect of the purchase price of the relevant 
Receivables) and the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority set 
out below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under 
items (i) to (v) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments 
in full; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay the purchase price of Subsequent 
Receivables (other than those funded through the 
proceeds of the Subordinated Loan(s)) in the 
context of a Revolving Assignment or an 
Integration Assignment (both of them as defined 
below), as the case may be; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: 
 
(A) 
 
any amount representing principal due 
and payable to the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparties in respect of Covered 
Bonds Swaps which are currency swaps (if 
any) in accordance with the terms of the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Milan 4226583.8 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement 
(other than any termination payment due to 
the 
relevant 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparties in relation to the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is a currency swap, to the 
extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor 
(if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty 
in 
consideration for entering into a swap 
transaction with the Guarantor on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
which is a currency swap); and 
 
(B) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due 
and payable under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s), provided that in any case the 
Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory 
Tests are still satisfied after such payment; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in 
accordance with the respective amounts thereof 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Covered Bond Swaps which are 
currency swaps following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger other than the payments referred to 
under items (iii)(A) above; and 
 
(v) 
fifth, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit 
of the Italian Collection Account, provided that, 
upon reimbursement of all outstanding Pass 
Through Series and Series of Covered Bonds, any 
remaining amounts shall be paid pari passu to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider(s) as amounts due 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and 
not yet paid under item (iii)(B) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments”). 
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Milan 4226583.8 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that 
such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) 
to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on 
each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the 
Italian Payments Account and shall be considered as Available 
Funds and applied on the immediately following Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest Available 
Funds” shall include: 
 
(A) 
any interest component collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables and credited into the Italian 
Collection 
Account 
during 
the 
Collection 
Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together 
with any amount retained in the tItalian Collection 
Account from the Interest Available Funds on the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the 
interest components invested in Eligible Investments (if 
any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties 
received by the Servicer and credited to the Italian 
Collection 
Account 
during 
the 
Collection 
Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or 
expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts and on the 
Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(E) 
all 
interest 
amounts 
received 
from 
the 
Eligible 
Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool Swaps; 
 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps; 
 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement 
swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on 
the same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the 
Covered Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon termination 
of the relevant Swap Agreement;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount; prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account (but excluding 
item (B)(b) of the definition of Required Reserve Amount 
calculated as at the relevant Guarantor Payment Date), 
in each case at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Italian Cash Reserve Account; and on the Guarantor 
Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been 
redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered 
Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve 
Account; 
 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the 
Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account; and 
 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, 
 
but excluding: (i) any amount representing principal received in 
respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a 
replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the 
net amounts which would have been due and payable by the 
relevant Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) 
the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount received by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement). 
 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable), the amount and/or securities (if any) 
standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral 
posted pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each 
a “English Swap Collateral Account”) and (ii) following the 
date on which the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Milan 4226583.8 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) is terminated, the moneys 
and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the relevant 
English Swap Collateral Account in an amount equal to the 
Excess Swap Collateral. 
 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the 
value of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) 
provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor in 
respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to 
transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support 
annex to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of 
the termination payment (if any) that would have otherwise 
been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the 
Guarantor had the collateral not been provided under the credit 
support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date 
of termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage 
Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under 
the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement.  
 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination 
of any Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap due to 
either: 
 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty to take such action as is 
required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such 
Rating Event; or 
 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or 
an Issuer Event of Default) and as designated as such by 
the Guarantor) in respect of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. 
 
A “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap 
Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations 
of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated 
at least as high as the highest rating required under the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date:  
 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “P-1” by 
Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between 
the Issuer and the Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation 
Date which will be equal to the aggregate amount of:  
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date in respect of

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Milan 4226583.8 
items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments;  
 
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that 
would be payable by the Guarantor on any 
relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately 
following three months or, if no Covered Bond 
Swap has been entered into or if it has been 
entered into with BPER in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds, the interest amount due under 
that Series of Covered Bonds in the immediately 
following three months; and 
 
(c) 
Euro 400,000. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Principal Available 
Funds” shall include: 
 
(A) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect 
of the Receivables and credited to the Italian Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with any 
amount retained in the Italian Collection Account from the 
Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any); 
 
(B) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by 
the Servicer and credited to the Italian Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(C) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the 
Receivables during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(D) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds deriving from 
the sale of the Receivables under (c) above, all amounts 
of principal deriving from the liquidation of Eligible 
Investments; 
 
(E) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of 
such Guarantor Payment Date under any Covered Bond 
Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
 
(F) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
 
(G) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
 
(H) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date,

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any 
termination 
payment 
and, 
until 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which 
would have been due and payable by the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is 
a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); 
and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a 
Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
 
“Collection Period” means each period commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and 
October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of 
March, June, September and December of each year, and, in 
the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (the 
Initial Valuation Date (excluded) and ending on (and including) 
30 September 2015. 
 
“Initial Transfer Date” means 17 September 2015. 
 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 June 2015. 
 
“Valuation Date” means (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 
the Initial Valuation Date and (ii) in respect of the Subsequent 
Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for 
the purchase of Subsequent Portfolios. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor will use the Available Funds, as calculated in respect 
of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments or 
provisions in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, 
to maintain it in good standing and to comply with 
applicable legislation; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due and payable to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the English Account Bank, 
the Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment 
Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Subsequent Paying 
Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Registered 
Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Milan 4226583.8 
Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
 
(iii) 
third, pro rata and pari passu to (a) pay any 
amount 
due 
and 
payable 
to 
the 
Swap 
Counterparties in respect of the Swap Agreements 
which are not currency swaps (other than any 
termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties in relation to the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, 
which is not a currency swap, and/or Mortgage 
Pool Swap to the extent of any premium received 
(net of any costs reasonably incurred by the 
Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration 
for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is not a currency 
swap, and/or Mortgage Pool Swap); (b) pay 
interest due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Pass Through Series and Series 
of Covered Bonds; and (c) credit to the Italian 
Cash Reserve Account an amount required to 
ensure that the Italian Cash Reserve Account is 
funded up to an amount equal to item (B)(b) of the 
definition of Required Reserve Amount; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) any 
amount due and payable, or to become due and 
payable, to the Swap Counterparties in respect of 
the Swap Agreements which are currency swaps 
(if any) (other than any termination payment due to 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but 
including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, to the 
extent of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by 
the 
Guarantor 
from 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a 
swap transaction with the Issuer on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which 
is a currency swap); and (b) principal due under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each 
Pass Through Series and Series of Covered

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Milan 4226583.8 
Bonds; 
 
(v) 
fifth, after each Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered 
Bonds 
has 
been 
fully 
repaid 
or 
repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (up to the Required Redemption 
Amount in respect of each outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds), to pay pro rata and pari passu 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under items (iii)(a) and (iv)(a) 
above; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds 
has been provided for (such that the Required 
Redemption Amount has been accumulated in 
respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds), in or towards satisfaction, pro 
rata and pari passu, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of (i) all amounts due and 
payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ 
Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all 
amounts due and payable to the Servicer under 
clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(vii) 
seventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds 
has been provided for (such that the Required 
Redemption Amount has been accumulated in 
respect of each outstanding Pass Through Series 
and Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds), any 
remaining moneys will be applied in and towards 
repayment in full pari passu amongst the relevant 
Seller(s), in accordance with the provisions of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s), of the amounts 
outstanding 
under 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) 
and/or 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments”). 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Milan 4226583.8 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, (a) in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product 
of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 
365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, and 
(iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass 
Through Series of Covered Bonds, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Available Funds” shall 
include (i) the Interest Available Funds, (ii) the Principal 
Available Funds and (iii) the amounts received by the 
Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF 
Decree (the “Excess Proceeds”). 
Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice but prior to the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Available Funds, as 
calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
will be used to make payments in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
amount due and payable to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash 
Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account 
Bank, 
the 
Investment 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary 
Paying Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer, 
the Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager (if 
any); 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu, (a) any 
amount due to the Swap Counterparties (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Swap Counterparties following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger but including, in any event, the 
amount of any termination payment due and 
payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swaps and/or Mortgage Pool Swaps to the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Milan 4226583.8 
extent of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by 
the 
Guarantor 
from 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a 
swap transaction with the Guarantor on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap) and (b) interest and 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Pass Through Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under item (iii) above;  
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to 
the respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due 
and payable to the relevant Seller in respect of 
Sellers’ Claims (if any) under the terms of the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the 
relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
(ii) all amounts due and payable to the Servicer 
under clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant 
Seller(s), 
any 
remaining 
moneys 
towards 
repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or other 
Transaction Documents, 
 
(the “Post- Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments”). 
Post-Guarantor Event of 
Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, will be used to 
make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
amount due and payable to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Milan 4226583.8 
Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account 
Bank, 
the 
Investment 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary 
Paying Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer, 
the Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager (if 
any); 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) any 
amount due to the Swap Counterparties (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Swap Counterparties following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger but including, in any event, the 
amount of any termination payment due and 
payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swaps and/or Mortgage Pool Swaps to the 
extent of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by 
the 
Guarantor 
from 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a 
swap transaction with the Guarantor on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap) and (b) interest and 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Pass Through Series and 
Series of Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under item (iii) above; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to 
the respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due 
and payable to the relevant Seller in respect of 
Sellers’ Claims (if any) under the terms of the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the 
relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
(ii) all amounts due and payable to the Servicer 
under clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant 
Seller(s), 
any 
remaining 
moneys 
towards 
repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or other

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Milan 4226583.8 
Transaction Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” 
and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payment, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments and the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments, are collectively referred to as the “Priorities of 
Payments”). 
 
(e) 
Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool 
Transfer of the Cover Pool 
The Initial Seller and the Guarantor have entered into a master 
transfer agreement pursuant to which the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred to the Guarantor the Initial Receivables and (b) may 
assign and transfer further Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets (together with the Eligible Assets, the “Subsequent 
Portfolio”) to the Guarantor from time to time (the “BPER 
Master Transfer Agreement”), in the cases and subject to the 
limits on the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios, referred to 
below. 
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Portfolios in order to: 
 
(i) 
collateralise the issue of further Series or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject 
to the limits to the assignment of further 
Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans set 
forth by the BoI Regulations (Limiti alla cessione; 
see Section II, paragraph 2 of the BoI Regulations, 
the “Limits to the Assignment”) (the “Issuance 
Assignment”); 
 
(ii) 
invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the 
Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing (the “Revolving 
Assignment”); or 
 
(iii) 
ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement (the 
“Integration Assignment”), subject to the limits 
referred to in the section headed “Integration 
Assets” below. 
 
In the context of Integration Assignments, the Guarantor may 
also acquire Integration Assets. 
 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and subject 
to the conditions provided therein, the Initial Seller shall also be 
allowed to repurchase Initial Receivables and Subsequent 
Portfolios which have been assigned by it to the Guarantor. 
 
The Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios will be 
assigned and transferred to the Guarantor without recourse (pro

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Milan 4226583.8 
soluto) in accordance with Law 130 and subject to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
 
Pursuant to each Additional Master Transfer Agreement, any 
bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), may accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent 
Portfolios to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions. Any Additional Seller so acceding to the Programme 
shall, inter alia: 
 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor an Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement; and 
 
(ii) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing 
an accession letter substantially in the form 
attached to the Intercreditor Agreement and the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement, 
respectively. 
Representations 
and 
warranties of the Sellers 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the Initial Seller on the Initial 
Transfer Date, as subsequently amended (the “BPER 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), the Initial Seller has 
made certain representations and warranties regarding itself 
and 
the Portfolios transferred and to be transferred, 
respectively, by it including, inter alia: 
 
(a) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(b) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of 
the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(c) 
the existence of the Receivables, the absence of any lien 
attaching the Receivables, and, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, the 
full, unconditional, legal title of the Initial Seller to the 
Receivables assigned by it; and 
 
(d) 
the validity and enforceability, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, 
against the relevant Debtors of the obligations from 
which the Receivables arises. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
“Debtor” means any person, entity or subject, also different 
from the Borrower, who is liable for the payment of amounts 
due, as principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable. 
 
“Borrowers” means, collectively, the borrowers under the 
Mortgage Loans and “Borrower” means any one of them. 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor will be, inter alia, required to enter into with the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Milan 4226583.8 
Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions 
of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such 
agreement, 
an 
“Additional 
Warranty 
and 
Indemnity 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity 
Agreement, 
the 
“Warranty 
and 
Indemnity 
Agreements”). 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the 
general criteria set out in the section headed “Description of the 
Cover Pool – Credit and Collection policies - The General 
Criteria” below (the “General Criteria”). 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria. 
 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans to be included in 
the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Annex 1, Part 2 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial 
Receivables and in the relevant offer for the sale of Subsequent 
Portfolios. 
 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria. 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the MEF Decree and the 
BoI Regulations, “Integration Assets” shall include: 
 
(a) 
Eligible Deposits; and 
 
(b) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States 
with residual maturity not longer than one year . 
 
The integration of the Cover Pool may be carried out through 
the Integration Assets, provided that the Integration Assets shall 
not be allowed within, at any time, higher than 15 per cent of 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets Limit”). 
The Integration (whether through Integration Assets or through 
Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans qualifying as eligible 
assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations) shall be allowed 
exclusively for the purpose of complying with the Tests. 
 
“Eligible States” means any States belonging to the European 
Economic Space, Switzerland and any other State attracting a 
zero per cent risk weight factor under the “Standardised 
Approach” provided for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 
relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit 
institutions. 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager may invest funds standing to the credit of 
the English Investment Account in

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(A) 
euro-denominated 
senior 
(unsubordinated) 
debt 
securities or other debt instruments provided that (i) such 
investments are immediately repayable on demand at 
par together with accrued and unpaid interest, disposable 
without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no 
later than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) 
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at 
maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially 
invested amount); and (iii) the debt securities or other 
debt 
instruments 
are 
issued 
by, 
or 
fully 
and 
unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt obligations are rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by 
Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term 
rating by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in 
respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments 
having a maturity of less than one month, or such other 
lower rating being compliant with the criteria established 
by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by 
Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term 
rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by Moody’s in 
respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments 
having a maturity between one and three months, or 
such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; 
 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits 
in, 
certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances 
issued by any depositary institution or trust company 
(including, without limitation, the English Account Bank 
and the Italian Account Bank, provided that they qualify 
as an Eligible Institution) qualifying as Eligible Institution 
and 
subject 
to 
supervision 
and 
examination 
by 
governmental banking authorities, provided that such 
investments shall have a minimum rating equal to the 
ones reported on the following table: 
 
Maturity 
Rating Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term 
debt or, if no long-term rating 
is available, “P-2” in respect of 
short-term debt” 
 
 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term 
debt or, if no long-term rating 
is available, “P-3” in respect of 
short-term debt 
 
 
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities and/or 
notes issued in the context of securitisations transactions 
(other than securitisation transactions were originated by 
a member of the same consolidated group of which the 
Issuer is also a member or by an entity affiliated to same 
central body to which the Issuer is also affiliated) and/or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Milan 4226583.8 
covered bonds, in each case pursuant to the OBG 
Regulations, provided that, in all cases, such investments 
shall from time to time comply with Moody’s requirements 
in respect of type of asset, minimum rating and maturity; 
 
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated 
debt securities or other debt instruments provided that (i) 
title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the 
relevant repurchase transactions and their respective 
maturity) effectively passes to the Issuer, (ii) such 
repurchase transactions are immediately repayable on 
demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a 
maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase 
transactions provide a fixed principal amount at maturity 
(such amount not being lower than the initially invested 
amount) provided that either (a) the debt securities or 
other debt instruments underlying the repurchase 
transactions are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) the 
counterparty of the Guarantor under the repurchase 
transaction is, an institution whose unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) 
either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, 
if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by 
Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity of less than one month, or 
such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either 
“Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by 
Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity between one and three 
months, or such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; and 
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty 
acting as borrower regulated under the Global Master 
Securities Agreements governed by English law provided 
that (i) the underlying securities comply with the 
requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting 
as lender under the securities lending transaction is a 
credit institution (including, without limitation, the English 
Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, to the extent 
they qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an 
Eligible 
Institution, 
(iii) 
such 
securities 
lending 
transactions are immediately repayable on demand, 
disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity 
date falling no later than the immediately following 
Liquidation Date, (iv) the counterparty acting as borrower

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Milan 4226583.8 
of the Guarantor has acceded to the Intercreditor 
Agreement and has agreed to be bound by the 
provisions thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the 
relevant counterparty below the minimum ratings by 
Moody’s, the Guarantor shall terminate in advance the 
securities lending transaction within 35 calendar days 
from the downgrade,  
 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out 
above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of 
credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer 
of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount 
available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme 
otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time (ii) 
nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of 
the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed 
securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking 
at any time. 
 
(the “Eligible Investments”).  
Subordinated Loan(s) 
On the Initial Transfer Date, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor 
have entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended (the “BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted to 
the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) 
with a maximum amount equal to the BPER Commitment Limit. 
Under the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall 
make advances to the Guarantor in amounts equal to the 
relevant price of the Portfolios transferred from time to time to 
the Guarantor by it, including the Subsequent Portfolios to be 
transferred in order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each 
advance granted by the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term 
loan advanced to fund the purchase price of Portfolios to be 
sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (the 
“Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan advanced for the 
purpose of purchasing further Subsequent Portfolios in the 
framework of an Integration Assignment (the “Integration 
Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying 
any amount required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to 
be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables and/or 
Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement (the “Price Adjustment Advance”); and 
(d) financing the creation of Eligible Deposits (the “Eligible 
Deposits Advance”). 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, will be required to enter into with the Guarantor a 
subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially 
the 
same 
terms 
and 
conditions 
of 
the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement, an 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Milan 4226583.8 
with 
the 
BPER 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement, 
the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
 
(See the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”, below). 
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests 
 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the provisions of the MEF Decree, for so long as any 
Covered Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its 
capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall 
procure on a on-going basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG 
Regulations, such obligation shall be deemed to be complied 
with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which 
the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme 
Expiry Date that each of the following Mandatory Tests is met: 
 
(a) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
 
(b) 
the NPV Test; and 
 
(c) 
the Interest Coverage Test. 
 
For a more detailed description of the Mandatory Tests, see the 
section headed “Credit structure” below. 
 
The Asset Coverage Test 
 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and until the earlier of: 
 
(i) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
the Conditions; and 
 
(ii) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the 
Guarantor, 
 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller 
shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. For a 
more detailed description, see the section “Credit structure” 
below. 
 
The Amortisation Test 
 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Milan 4226583.8 
any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a 
Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal 
to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation Test”). 
 
For a more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests” below. 
 
Compliance with the Tests and the Amortisation Test will be 
verified by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on 
which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
and 
the 
other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. The calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests and 
the Amortisation Test will be verified from time to time by the 
Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement and the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, 
as the case may be. For a detailed description see the section 
headed “Credit Structure – Tests” below. 
Breach of the Amortisation Test 
If, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and, in case of a Notice 
to Pay delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice is served: 
 
(i) 
Pass Through Series: any and all Series of 
Covered Bonds will become immediately Pass 
Through Series in accordance with Condition 8(b); 
and 
 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its 
best effort to sell the Mortgage Loans, Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Curing a Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or Asset 
Coverage Test: 
 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available 
Funds to purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure 
the relevant Test; or 
 
(b) 
BPER shall sell, as soon as possible and by the last day 
of the month during which the Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred has been 
delivered, Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor, which

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Milan 4226583.8 
shall purchase such assets, in accordance with the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and, to this extent, 
BPER shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the 
purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance 
with 
the 
BPER 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement (and, if needed, it will increase the BPER 
Commitment Limit), provided that none of the events 
indicated in clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione 
dell’Obbligo di Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) 
(Inadempimento di obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) 
(Violazione delle dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del 
Cedente), 
(iii) 
(Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente 
Pregiudizievole) and (v) (Crisi) of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement has occurred with respect to BPER; 
or 
 
(c) 
following the occurrence of one of the events indicated in 
clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione dell’Obbligo di 
Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) (Inadempimento di 
obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) (Violazione delle 
dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) 
(Mutamento Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (v) 
(Crisi) of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement with 
respect to BPER, or failing BPER to cure the relevant 
Tests by the last day of the month during which the Test 
Performance Report assessing that a breach of the 
relevant Test has occurred has been delivered, any 
Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, or shall procure that 
any third party seller sells, and the Guarantor shall 
purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent Portfolios, 
provided that the conditions set out in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement are satisfied; 
 
(d) 
failing BPER or the Additional Sellers to cure the relevant 
Tests, within the last day of the month during which the 
Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test 
has occurred has been delivered, the Guarantor shall 
purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent Portfolios 
from any entity belonging to the BPER Banking Group 
willing to act as Additional Seller, provided that the 
conditions set out in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement are satisfied, 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant 
Tests are met as soon as practicable and in any event by not 
later than the date provided for in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. The obligation of each Additional Seller to transfer 
Subsequent Portfolios pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 
(c) above will be limited to, and does not in any case exceed, 
the relevant percentage calculated in respect of the overall 
Cover Pool – on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which such

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Milan 4226583.8 
percentage needs to be assessed for the curing of a breach of 
the relevant Tests – of Subsequent Portfolios sold by the 
relevant Additional Seller and notwithstanding the provisions of 
this paragraph, each of the Additional Sellers will have the right 
to sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, Subsequent 
Portfolios in excess of such Additional Seller’s pro rata 
percentage, if necessary to ensure that the relevant Tests are 
met. 
 
If the relevant breach is not remedied by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, as evidenced by the 
following Test Performance Report, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor stating that the breach of the relevant Tests has not 
been cured (a “Breach of Tests Notice”). 
 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, as a result of the delivery 
of a Test Performance Report assessing a breach of any of the 
Tests: 
 
(I) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be 
issued; and  
 
(II) 
no payments under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) 
will be effected, unless the relevant breach is remedied. 
 
If, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice, the breach 
of relevant Tests has not been cured within the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, an Issuer Event of Default 
shall occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be entitled to deliver a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, a breach of the 
Amortisation Test shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior 
to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, the 
Guarantor shall sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Public Securities in accordance with the provisions set 
out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
 
“BPER Commitment Limit” means the maximum amount of 
the subordinated loan granted by BPER as indicated in the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, save for the further 
increase 
that 
may 
be 
determined 
unilaterally 
by 
the 
Subordinated Loan Provider through a written notice to the 
Guarantor and the Issuer. 
 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report 
is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
and 
the 
other 
Transaction

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Milan 4226583.8 
Documents, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The 
Asset 
Monitor 
will 
perform 
specific 
agreed-upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with 
the Issuer in the context of the Programme. The Asset Monitor 
will also perform the other activities provided under the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Sale 
of 
Selected 
Assets 
following 
the 
service 
of 
a 
Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor shall (only if 
necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered 
Bonds) direct – in the date falling (i) within 30 calendar days 
after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor following a non-payment referred to under Condition 
11 (Events of Default) or (ii) in any other case of a service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor other than for a 
non-payment, six months prior to the Maturity Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (the Sale Date) – the Servicer 
to sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public 
Securities in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of the relevant 
Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement or 
any other Transaction Documents. The proceeds from any such 
sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account and 
applied as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
 
If the offered price of such sale is insufficient to (i) redeem the 
relevant Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds in full and (ii) 
make provisions towards accumulation up to an amount equal 
to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Guarantor shall 
direct the Servicer to repeat its attempt to sell the Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities (other than 
Eligible Deposits) on the immediately following Sale Date until 
the proceeds are sufficient to redeem the relevant Pass 
Through Series of Covered Bonds in full and to make provisions 
towards accumulation up to an amount equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount for the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds then outstanding. 
Sale 
of 
selected 
assets 
following 
the 
service 
of 
a 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, direct the Servicer or, in the absence of the 
Servicer, the Cover Pool Manager, to sell Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Public Securities (other than Eligible 
Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of 
the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Milan 4226583.8 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such 
sale shall be credited to the Italian Collection Account and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
– 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement” below. 
Sale 
of 
selected 
assets 
following 
the 
service 
of 
a 
Guarantor Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so 
authorised by means of execution of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement), instruct the Cover Pool Manager to 
use all reasonable endeavours to procure that all Receivables 
and/or the Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included 
in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price 
reasonably obtainable in each case taking into account the 
market conditions at that time, subject to any pre-emption right 
of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any 
such sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
– 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Milan 4226583.8 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
markets risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bond may occur for other 
reason which may not be considered significant risk by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the structural elements described elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) go to mitigate a number of these 
risks for the Covered Bondholders, nevertheless the Issuer and the Guarantor cannot give any assurance 
that those will be sufficient to ensure timely payment of interest, principal or any other amounts on, or in 
connection with, the Covered Bonds to the Covered Bondholders. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prosectus and 
reach thir own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial positions, in terms of compositions and exposures; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s operation; 
3. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer;  
4. Risks relating to the Cover Pool and other connected risks affecting the ability of the Guarantor to 
fulfil its payment obligations in the context of the Programme; 
5. Risks relating to the nature of the Covered Bonds; 
6. Tax Risks. 
 
1. 
RISKS 
RELATING 
TO 
THE 
ISSUER’S 
FINANCIAL 
POSITIONS, 
IN 
TERMS 
OF 
 
COMPOSITIONS AND EXPOSURES 
Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration 
The Issuer is exposed to general credit risk, including the failure of instruments and strategies used by the 
Group and already in place to hedge or otherwise manage its exposure to credit or market risk; in this case, 
the Group may not be able to hedge effectively its risk exposure. The Group's trading revenues and interest 
rate risk are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of 
financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates and on how effectively it 
determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk and market risk concentration. 
There can, however, be no guarantee that the credit procedures put in place by the Issuer can assess 
accurately and hedge all of the risks of exposure to borrowers, guarantors, issuers or other counterparty’s 
failure to honour contractual obligations, and increased defaults of these borrowers and/or inadequate loans 
provisioning, as well as a worsening of the credit rating of counterparties or a material failure to hedge 
exposures to them, may negatively impact the Issuer’s and Group’s financial condition and results of 
operation. Moreover, the Issuer and the Group remain exposed to the risk of loss as a result of market risk 
and, principally, the risks of interest rate and exchange rate volatility.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Milan 4226583.8 
For more information on processes and measurement of credit risk please make reference to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the year ended as at 31 December 2020, incorporated 
by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Risks connected to recent ECB guidance on NPL provisioning 
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans ("NPLs") as amended 
and supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks 
to fully adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 
March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum 
supplements the qualitative guidance on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic 
approach regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. 
For instance, banks should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This 
should also be closely managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative 
targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy 
options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales. 
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, 
banks should explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into 
consideration in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and 
non-compliance may trigger supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as 
regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures has been recently adopted and introduces a 
"statutory prudential backstop" to prevent the risk of under provisioning of future NPLs. These recently 
introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future could 
adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.  
Potential rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s France”), and (ii) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian 
branch) (“Fitch”) which are both established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on ESMA website pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. A 
downgrade of the Issuer’s rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs 
for the Issuer in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of the Issuer’s rating may limit the Issuer’s 
opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as 
a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or the results of its operations. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism  
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the “SSM Regulation”) for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single 
Supervisory Mechanism” or “SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over “banks of systemic importance” in the Eurozone. In this respect, “banks of 
systemic importance” include any Eurozone bank that (i) has assets greater than €30 billion or – unless the 
total value of its assets is below €5 billion – greater than 20% of national gross domestic product; (ii) is one 
of the three most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a 
recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability 
Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Milan 4226583.8 
subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a 
significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with national 
competent authorities or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. The Regulation (EU) 
No. 468/2014 of ECB of 16 April 2014 established the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between ECB and national competent authorities and with national designated 
authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”). 
The relevant national competent authorities for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM 
Framework Regulation continue to be responsible for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such 
as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third 
country banks. The ECB, on the other hand, is exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw 
the authorisation of all credit institutions in the Eurozone and in the Member States participating to the SSM; 
(ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential 
requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential 
requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) 
ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment 
controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with 
the relevant resolution authorities. 
The BPER Group is one of the major European banks supervised directly by the ECB. The ECB is required 
under the SSM Regulation to carry out a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) at least on 
an annual basis. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, 
strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital 
proportionate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key 
aim of SREP is to make sure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to 
allow for sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including 
those revealed by stress testing and risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the Eurozone, the EBA is 
developing a single supervisory handbook applicable to EU Member States (the “EBA Supervisory 
Handbook”). The adoption of the EBA Supervisory Handbook relies on Article 29(2) of Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 establishing the EBA. Whilst it is not binding nor subject to comply/explain by the resolution 
authorities, the EBA Supervisory Handbook is an instrument to promote convergence of approaches, 
practices and processes. 
On 12 March 2020 in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak the ECB announced measures expected to provide 
capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate 
temporarily below the level of capital defined by Pillar 2 guidance, the "capital conservation buffer" and the 
liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and (ii) bring forward the use of capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 
capital (for example Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to meet Pillar 2 requirements. 
There can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP and whether this will impose further 
additional own funds requirements (or guidance) on the Issuer. The strengthening of capital adequacy 
requirements, restrictions on liquidity and increase in any of the liquidity coverage, net stable funding, 
leverage and other ratio requirements could adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flow. 
 
Pending legal proceedings 
Although management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the 
respective financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings 
might cause such provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group’s liabilities and have a material

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Milan 4226583.8 
adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity 
and market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out 
deteriorating positions in a timely way. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may 
adversely affect the BPER Group’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its 
investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. 
The global economic crisis may be prolonged or the start of economic recovery might be delayed, partly as a 
consequence of the exit strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the 
assistance granted in recent years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. In this case, the 
economic and financial position of the BPER Group might suffer further adverse consequences. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S OPERATIONS 
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer’s earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of 
financial markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in 
the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), and 
competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change the level 
of demand for the Issuer’s products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, the 
interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer’s 
investment and trading portfolios. 
Risks associated with the new coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic 
 
The World Health Organization ("WHO") declared a global emergency on 30 January 2020 with respect to 
the outbreak in 2019 of novel coronavirus (Covid-19) which emerged in Wuhan, China. The WHO 
subsequently characterised it as a pandemic on 11 March 2020. The outbreak has spread throughout Asia, 
Europe and the Middle East and there have been cases of Covid-19 throughout the world (including Brazil, 
Canada, United States, among others), causing companies and various international jurisdictions to impose 
restrictions, such as quarantines, closures, cancellations and travel restrictions. The entire national and 
international scenario has been severely affected by such restrictions. The pandemic significantly affected 
the markets, globally and locally, from a systemic standpoint, and lead to sharp declines in the gross 
domestic product (GDP) of several States (including Italy). Although the effects of the pandemic are 
expected to be temporary, the duration of the business disruptions internationally and related financial 
impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Similarly, we cannot estimate whether or to what extent 
this outbreak and potential financial impact may extend to States outside of those currently impacted. Such 
circumstances originated a general uncertainty and the full extent of its adverse impacts is not entirely 
foreseeable at the moment. Notwithstanding, it is expected that the pandemic will continue to have an overall 
negative impact on the markets, market players and States in 2021. The severe restrictive measures put in 
place by the relevant States in order to contain the spread of the outbreak, including lockdowns which lasted 
for several weeks and moratoriums on the repayments of loans, have had a highly significant across-the-
board impact on economic activity and value-chains.  
The Group acted promptly in response to the pandemic, adopting a number of actions to deal with the critical 
context and to mitigate the related risks, and implemented the measures introduced by the Italian lawmaker. 
However, the emergency associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent significant change in 
the current and future macroeconomic, financial and legal context had, has and will continue to have a

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Milan 4226583.8 
substantial effect on the economic and financial dynamics of BPER Group. It could also lead to negative 
effects on the activity and prospects as well as on the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and the 
Group. The Group’s activity may be adversely affected, as higher operating costs, lower fee earnings, credit 
losses, compliance and corporate governance challenges and a compression of net interest income can be 
expected. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on 
the Issuer and the Group’s business and financial performance.  
If the Covid-19 pandemic continues to negatively affect the global economy and/or adversely affect the 
business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations of the Group, it may also increase the likelihood 
and/or magnitude of other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 
The future impact of the outbreak is still highly uncertain and its final magnitude cannot be predicted. The 
extent of the impact will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain Covid-19 and the 
effects of ongoing immunisation programmes implemented by the relevant States. The paramount concern in 
2021 and 2022 lies in a resurgence of the pandemic. The surge of more resistant variants of the virus to 
vaccines is a potential obstacle to a resumption of economic normality, accompanied by the operational risks 
related to the production, distribution and inoculation of the vaccine and reluctance of sectors of the 
population as regards their efficacy. Moreover, differences in access of populations to vaccines can trigger 
false starts regarding the reopening of economies and require extensions of the period of social distancing, 
augmenting uncertainties and insecurities faced by households, companies and politicians. 
Changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of BPER Group. The results of the BPER 
Group’s banking operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, 
changes in market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in 
market interest rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of interest earning assets and interest 
bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a 
material effect on the BPER Group’s financial condition or results of operations. Rising interest rates in line 
with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group’s cost of funding at a higher rate than the yield on its 
assets, due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to 
interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with 
similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the BPER 
Group’s assets at a rate which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. In addition, in 
recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition which, together 
with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing and 
lending rates, and has made it difficult for banks to maintain positive growth trends in interest rate margins. 
Consequences of Great Britain’s exit from the European Union (Brexit) 
The Issuer may be affected by disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. Pursuant to a 
referendum 
held 
in 
June 
2016, 
the 
United 
Kingdom 
(“UK”) 
voted 
to 
leave 
the 
European Union and, on 29 March 2017, the UK Government invoked article 50 of the Lisbon 
Treaty and officially notified the European Union of its decision to withdraw from the European 
Union.On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the European Union. According to Articles 126 and 127 of 
the 
Article 
50 
Withdrawal 
Agreement 
(approved 
by 
the 
European 
Parliament 
on 
29 
January 2020), the UK entered an implementation period during which it has negotiated its future 
relationship with the European Union. The implementation period terminated on 31 December 2020.The 
result of the referendum in June 2016 has created significant uncertainties with regard to the political and 
economic outlook of the United Kingdom and the European Union. 
The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the possible exit of Scotland from the 
United 
Kingdom, 
the 
possibility 
that 
other 
European 
Union 
countries 
could 
hold 
similar 
referendums to the one held in the United Kingdom and/or call into question their membership of the 
European Union and the possibility that one or more countries that adopted the Euro as their national 
currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency or prolonged periods of uncertainty 
connected to these eventualities could have a significant negative impact on global economic conditions and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Milan 4226583.8 
the stability of international financial  markets. These could include further falls in equity markets, high 
volatility in the value of the pound and, more in general, increase in financial markets volatility, reduction of 
global markets liquidities with possible negative consequences on the performance of the Programme. 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the 
deregulation of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation 
and a blurring of the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in 
the difference between borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, 
particularly relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased 
price competition and lower transaction volumes. If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors’ 
products and service offerings it may lose market share or incur losses. 
Business concentration risk 
The Issuer’s key market geographically is the Emilia Romagna region, where the Issuer has historically 
operated and where the main part of the BPER branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality 
of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties, (as mentioned above) particularly concentrated in the Emilia 
Romagna region or a general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic conditions, or arising from 
systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and 
require an increase in the Issuer’s impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. 
Issuer’s business 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risk, plus a series of 
other risks typical to businesses such as strategic risk, legal risk, tax and reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or 
in the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any 
guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Issuer 
is exposed to normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, 
fraudulent behaviour of customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular 
customer, their financial position, or their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Any 
failure by its customers to accurately report their financial and credit position or to comply with the terms of 
their agreements or other contractual provisions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and 
financial results. 
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, 
currencies and commodities. The Issuer’s trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its 
ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in market 
prices or interest rates. The Issuer’s financial results are also dependant upon how effectively the Issuer 
determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in 
market interest rates.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Milan 4226583.8 
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer’s ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and 
economic manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new 
liabilities incurred by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to 
the market. The activity of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the 
institutional and retail markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to 
the ECB’s lending policy or funding requirements, including changes to the criteria to identify the classes of 
assets eligible as collateral for operations of monetary policy with the ECB or for calculating the value of such 
assets, could affect the Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings or failures in internal processes, people 
or systems and from external events, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised 
transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology 
or telecommunication systems. The Issuer’s systems and processes are designed to ensure that the 
operational risks associated with its activities are appropriately monitored.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed 
responsibilities, which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an 
annual review of the analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account 
of organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in 
general, all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. Any 
failure or weakness in these systems could, however, adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and 
business activities. 
Reputational risk 
BPER also implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, 
manage and mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and 
measures that need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes 
the following components: identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s 
exposure to reputational risk, management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a 
functional escalation process and the determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and 
periodic reporting. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating 
its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the 
Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer’s risk 
management policies and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may 
be negatively affected. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default 
by other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related 
as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, 
clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and 
therefore could adversely affect BPER. 
3  
RISKS RELATED TO THE POLITICAL, ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE OF 
THE ISSUER 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create 
economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the 
regions in which the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways 
that cannot be predicted.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Milan 4226583.8 
Climate change risks 
Climate change can create (i) transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through 
policy, regulatory and technological changes; (ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and 
unpredictability; and (iii) derivative risks, which originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the 
effects of climate change and may seek compensation from those they hold responsible. Any of these risks 
can result in financial losses that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of BPER Group 
customers and BPER Group, adversely impacting BPER Group.  
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could 
adversely affect BPER Group: 
 
 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with 
business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of 
reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts; 
 
 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and 
commodity prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency 
of severe weather events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors 
such as economic growth, employment and inflation; 
 
 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations 
both of customers and the Group's. 
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and 
scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. Any of the 
conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVER POOL AND OTHER CONNECTED RISKS  AFFECTING THE 
ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS PAYMENT  
OBLIGATIONS IN THE CONTEXT OF 
THE PROGRAMME 
Guarantor only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has the obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee upon the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, of a Notice to Pay; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice; 
and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. A Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice can only be served if a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs. A Guarantor Default Notice can only 
be served if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (i) an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred and (ii) no Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice has been served) 
under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts 
on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of 
a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer 
in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of 
the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Milan 4226583.8 
consideration of the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer 
and any amount received, collected or recovered from the Issuer will form part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by the MEF Decree and contractual 
arrangements under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents, and there is no 
case-law or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that a court might 
uphold a Covered Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will be limited 
recourse to the Available Funds. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on the 
realisable value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the 
timing thereof, the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap 
Counterparties and the Account Banks. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool, the proceeds of any Eligible 
Investment and the amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks may not be 
sufficient to meet the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured 
Creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Guarantor for the shortfall. There is no 
guarantee that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been 
structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or greater 
than, the nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds taking into account the relevant negative cost of 
carry. In addition, the MEF Decree provides for certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring, inter alia, 
that (a) the net present value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the 
net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues generated by 
the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However, there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. For further details, see the section headed 
“Maintenance of the Cover Pool” below. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
If the Guarantor is obliged under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a guaranteed amount and has 
insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay all such amount of principal on the 
Extension Determination Date, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed amounts shall 
automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor has 
sufficient moneys available to pay in part the guaranteed amounts in respect of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments, as described in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), on the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date and any subsequent Scheduled Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity 
Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid guaranteed amount on the basis set out 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis 
mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the Guarantor has improperly withheld or refused to apply 
moneys in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption 
and Purchase), failure by the Guarantor to pay the relevant guaranteed amount on the relevant Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case of an 
applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Milan 4226583.8 
to pay any guaranteed amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any 
applicable grace period) constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because 
it is expected that the composition of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
(a) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer selling further Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor; 
(b) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer, repurchasing certain Receivables in accordance with the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement; and 
(c) 
the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor certain power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of 
the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised within the Cover Pool. 
However, each Receivable arising under the Mortgage Loans will be required to meet the Criteria and to 
comply with the representations and warranties set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement – 
see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement”, below. In addition, the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are intended to ensure, 
inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum 
level and the Calculation Agent will provide on each Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, 
certain information in relation to the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test. 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and updated on 
a quarterly basis pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Arranger, any Dealer, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any 
of the Receivables and/or the Integration Assets. Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the General Criteria and 
the Specific Criteria and the relevant representations/warranties given by the Sellers in the relevant Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided for in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for 
breach of representation or warranty is for the relevant Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor 
in respect of losses arising from such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, pursuant to 
Article 1331 of the Italian Civil Code, to retransfer the Receivables, in respect of which a breach of the 
representation or warranty has occurred, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Such obligations are not guaranteed by nor will they be the 
responsibility of any person other than the relevant Seller and neither the Guarantor nor the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders will have recourse to any other person in the event that the relevant Seller, for 
whatever reason, fails to meet such obligations. However, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, the assets which do not qualify as Eligible Cover Pool are excluded by the calculation of the Test 
and, in case of breach of the Test due to such exclusion, the Issuer or, failing the Issuer to do so, the 
relevant Additional Seller shall integrate the Cover Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
the Issuer agreed to transfer Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. The Initial 
Receivables purchase price shall be funded through the proceeds of the first advance under the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the purchase price for the Subsequent Portfolios transferred by the 
Issuer will be funded through (a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds of the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement in case of an Issuance Assignment; (c) the proceeds of the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments in case of an Integration

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Milan 4226583.8 
Assignment. 
If an Additional Seller accedes to the Programme, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, such Additional Seller will agree to 
transfer Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor will agree to purchase such Subsequent 
Portfolios. The purchase price for the Subsequent Portfolios transferred by such Additional Seller will be 
funded through (i) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments, in case of a Revolving Assignment; (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, in case of an Issuance Assignment; and (iii) the proceeds of the relevant 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, in case of an Integration 
Assignment. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken (and the Additional 
Seller(s), if any, will undertake upon accession to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) to ensure that 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or and on each other day on which the Asset 
Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. If, on 
any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and on each other day on which the Test is to be 
carried out pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool does not comply with the Tests, then the 
Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent, use the 
Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the 
Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Portfolios, in an amount 
sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date, and the purchase 
price of such Subsequent Portfolios will be funded through the proceeds of the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. In the event the Issuer fails to cure the relevant Test, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and 
the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, sufficient Subsequent Portfolios. If the Tests are not 
satisfied on the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if, on or before the immediately following 
Monthly Calculation Date, the Tests are subsequently satisfied and without prejudice to the obligation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach of Tests Notice in the future. If, following the 
delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not satisfied on or before the immediately following 
Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, and 
shall if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of 
the Tests, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of 
a Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be affected. However, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date 
following a service of a Notice to Pay will entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor all outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass Through Series and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. To avoid any doubt the service 
of a Breach of the amortisation Test Notice shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed 
upon procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue 
Date concerning, inter alia, the control of: (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under the MEF 
Decree with respect to the Receivables and the Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the 
calculation performed by the Issuer in respect of the Mandatory Tests; (iii) the compliance with the limits to 
the transfer of the Receivables set out under the MEF Decree; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk 
protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme and (v) the 
completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Milan 4226583.8 
129, paragraph 7, of CRR. In addition, the Asset Monitor will, pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, (I) prior to the delivery of Notice to Pay, verify on behalf of the Issuer, the calculations performed 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test; and (II) following 
the delivery of a Notice to Pay, verify, on behalf of the Guarantor, the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation Test. For further details, see the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement”, below. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor 
the verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its 
obligations under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach 
of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice) 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to direct the 
Servicer to sell Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s 
creditors, including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee; see the section headed 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement”, below. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there 
can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected 
Assets, which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may 
not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount 
for the relevant Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect 
of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended 
Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds. At the Extended Maturity Date, unless all the Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Guarantor is obliged to direct the Cover Pool Manager to immediately sell the Selected Assets at 
the best price reasonably available, taking into account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the 
Sellers will have the right to exercise their pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Tranasfer 
Agreement. 
Realisation of assets following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all 
reasonable endeavours to procure that all Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Public Securities 
included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable, 
taking into account the market conditions at that time and use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover 
Pool towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments (see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement” below). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to 
repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the 
Transaction Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds 
may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by 
the Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic 
value of the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for 
example, if there is a general decline in property values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or 
guarantee that the value of a real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the 
origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If the residential and commercial property 
market in Italy experiences an overall decline in property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be 
significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Milan 4226583.8 
required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Sellers if Selected Assets and 
their related security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, if necessary to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds, sell the Selected Assets and their related security interests included in the Cover Pool, 
subject to a right of pre-emption granted to the relevant Seller pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected Assets 
and their related security interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not provide any warranties or 
indemnities in respect of such Selected Assets and related security interests and there is no assurance that 
the relevant Seller would give or repeat any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected Assets 
and related security interests originally transferred by it or if it has not consented to the transfer of such 
warranties or representations. Any representations or warranties previously given by the relevant Seller in 
respect of the Mortgage Loans assigned in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if 
such Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Selected Assets and 
related security interests could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties which in 
turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Claw-back of the sale of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
Assignments executed under Law 130 and the OBG Regulations are subject to claw-back on bankruptcy 
under article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law but only in the event that the declaration of bankruptcy of the relevant 
Seller is made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant 
Receivables) or, in cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 applies (e.g. if the payments made or the 
obligations assumed by the bankrupt party exceed, by more than one-fourth, the consideration received or 
promised), within six months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant 
Receivables). 
The Additional Sellers  
Any Additional Seller which may accede to the Programme will be Italian credit institutions belonging to the 
BPER Group but separate legal entities from the Issuer. The Additional Sellers (if any) may be subject to 
insolvency proceedings under Italian law. Such event would not constitute an Issuer Event of Default in itself. 
An insolvency of any of the Additional Sellers may affect certain rights and obligations of the Guarantor, for 
example limiting the duty of the Guarantor to purchase assets from the relevant Additional Seller, or the 
ability of such Additional Seller to repurchase assets under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, or to 
remedy breach of the Test on the Cover Pool. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The 
Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, 
interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments 
and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in default by the borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, 
illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default and of bankruptcy on the part of 
borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage 
Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, 
including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general 
at the time. 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Non-Performing Loans will be subject to the effectiveness of

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Milan 4226583.8 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans which in Italy can 
take a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken 
and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the 
enforcement of the Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining 
title deeds from land registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or 
three years; further time is required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if 
the relevant debtor raises a defence to or counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to 
eight years from the time lawyers commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set 
for the forced sale of any real estate asset. 
Law number 302 of 3 August 1998 allowed notaries, accountants and lawyers to conduct certain stages of 
the enforcement procedures in place of the courts in order to reduce the length of enforcement proceedings 
to between two and three years. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance policy 
issued by leading insurance companies approved by the relevant Sellers against damages from fire, 
destruction and explosion (each an “Insurance Policy”). There can be no assurance that all risks that could 
affect the value of the real estate assets are or will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if 
such risks are covered, the insured losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real 
estate assets which is not covered (or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could 
adversely affect the value of the real estate assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant 
mortgage loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will have been 
originated in accordance with the applicable lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage 
Loans sold to the Guarantor by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any), but originated by a person other 
than the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) (an “Originator”), will have been originated in accordance 
with the lending criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the relevant Sellers’ or 
the relevant Originators’, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider the term of loan, the 
indemnity guarantee policies, the status of applicants and the credit history. In the event of the sale or 
transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will warrant 
that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance with such Seller’s 
lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans, if originated by an 
Originator, were originated in accordance with the relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time 
of origination. Each of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) retains the right to revise its lending 
criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and of the Servicing 
Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any time. However, if such lending 
criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to 
increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Non-Performing Loan in the 
Cover Pool will be given a zero weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests and the 
Asset Coverage Test. 
Set-off risks 
Pursuant to article 1248 of the Italian Civil Code and Law 130, in the context of an assignment of monetary 
claims, notwithstanding the notification of the assignment to the debtor, the debtor retains the right to set-off 
any claims owed to him/her by the assigning creditor, provided that they arose prior to the notification date, 
against the amount due by him/her to the relevant owner, from time to time, of the assigned monetary claim. 
The debtors under the Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise rights of set-off in respect of amounts due 
under any Mortgage Loan to the Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Issuer or, if the relevant 
Mortgage Loan was transferred by an Additional Seller, such relevant Additional Seller to the relevant Debtor 
which came into existence (were crediti esistenti) prior to the later of: (a) the publication of the notice of

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Milan 4226583.8 
assignment in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (b) the registration 
of such notice in the competent companies register.  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the 
Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes 
enforceable against the relevant Debtors as of the later of (a) the date of the publication of the notice of 
assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and 
(b) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the local Companies’ Register. Consequently, the 
rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the relevant Seller or, as 
applicable the relevant originator, including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in 
the Official Gazette and registration at the Companies’ Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover 
Pool may have increased risks of set-off, because the relevant Seller or, as applicable, the relevant originator 
is required to make payments under them to the borrowers. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by 
borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”) introduced, inter alia, 
certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly 
provided by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Guarantor on claims 
arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
It should be noted, however, that the Asset Coverage Test seeks to take account of the potential set-off risk 
associated with borrowers holding deposits with the relevant Seller (although there is no assurance that all 
such risks will be accounted for). 
Usury Law has been subject to different interpretation over the time 
Italian Law no. 108 of 7 March 1996 (as amended and supplemented, the “Usury Law”) introduced 
legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the “Usury Rates”) 
set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian Treasury (the last such Decree having 
been issued on 20 December 2019). In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, 
interest and other advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (a) they are 
disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the 
average rate usually applied for similar transactions) and (b) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in 
financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or remuneration has the 
same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. 
With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to Italian loans executed prior to the 
entering into force of the Usury Law, the Italian Government has specified with Law Decree number 394 of 
29 December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree”), converted into Law number 24 by the Italian Parliament on 
28 February 2001, that an interest rate is to be deemed usurious only if it is higher than the Usury Rate in 
force at the time the relevant agreement is reached, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the 
borrower. However, it should be noted that few commentators and some lower court decisions have held 
that, irrespective of the principle set out in the Usury Law Decree, if an interest originally agreed at a rate 
falling below the then applicable usury limit were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in 
force, such interest should nonetheless be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. Such opinion seems 
confirmed by the Italian Supreme Court (Cass. Sez. I, 11.01.2013, number 602 and Cass. Sez. I, 
11.01.2013, number 603), which stated that an automatic reduction of the applicable interest rate to the 
Usury Rates applicable from time to time shall apply to the loans. 
The Usury Law Decree also provides that, as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest 
rates in 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already 
entered into on the date on which the Usury Law Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 
2000) are to be replaced by a lower interest rate fixed in accordance with parameters fixed by the Usury Law 
Decree.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Milan 4226583.8 
The validity of the Usury Law Decree has been challenged before the Italian Constitutional Court by certain 
consumers’ associations claiming that the Usury Law Decree does not comply with the principles set out in 
the Italian Constitution. By decision number 29 of 14 February 2002, the Italian Constitutional Court stated, 
inter alia, that the Usury Law Decree complies with the principles set out in the Italian Constitution except for 
those provisions of the Usury Law Decree which provide that the interest rates due on instalments payable 
after 2 January 2001 on loans are to be replaced by lower interest rates fixed in accordance with the Usury 
Law Decree. By such decision the Italian Constitutional Court has established that the lower interest rates 
fixed in accordance with the Usury Law Decree are to be substituted on instalments payable from the date 
on which such Decree came into force (31 December 2000) and not on instalments payable after 2 January 
2001. 
The Italian Supreme Court, under decision number 350/2013 clarified that default interest is relevant for the 
purposes of determining whether an interest rate is usurious. Such interpretation is in contradiction with the 
current methodology for determining the Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at 
calculating the applicable average rate never took into account the default interest rates. 
The Italian Supreme Court, under decision number 350/2013, as recently confirmed by decision number 
23192/17, has clarified that the default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when 
calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance 
with the applicable Usury Rates. Such interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for 
determining the Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable 
average rate never took into account the default interest rates. 
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Covered Bonds, the amount payable to the Covered Bondholders 
may be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. 
Rules on compounding of interest (anatocismo) have been subject to different interpretation over the 
time 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or 
receivable may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement 
subsequent to such accrual or (b) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of 
that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code allows derogation from this provision 
in the event that there are recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial 
companies in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the 
grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a 
number of judgments from Italian courts (including judgments from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di 
Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No. 21095/2004, No. 4094/2005 and No. 10127/2005) have held 
that such practices are not uso normativo. Consequently, if customers of the relevant Seller were to 
challenge this practice and such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code were to be upheld before other courts 
in the Republic of Italy, there could be a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Law No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 
19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to 
the date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of 
accrued interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 
February 2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian 
Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the 
validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came 
into force. 
Recently, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall not produce 
further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal amount. On 8 
August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his 
quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, has been

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Milan 4226583.8 
published. Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the 
impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore there have been two rulings of Italian Courts that have held that the calculations applicable to 
the instalments under certain mortgage loan agreements that were based upon the amortisation method 
known as “French amortisation” (i.e., mortgage loans with fixed instalments, made up of an amount of 
principal (that progressively increases) and an amount of interest (that decreases as repayments are 
calculated with a specific formula), triggered a violation of the Italian law provisions on the limitations on the 
compounding of interest (divieto di anatocismo). However, it should be pointed out that these were isolated 
judgements, still under appeal, and more recently various court rulings on the same matter have declared 
that the “French amortisation” method does not entail an illegal compounding element. However the Issuer is 
not able to exclude the risk that in the future other judgments may follow the two isolated decisions described 
above. 
Mortgage Credit Directive  
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016 (the “Mortgage 
Legislative Decree”), implementing the Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage 
Credit Directive”) setting out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers 
secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) residential 
mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights on a residential 
immovable assets. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and information 
undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers and provides 
that without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties may expressly agree in a specific clause 
at the closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the 
agreement (i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the 
debtor) the transfer or the sale of the mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled 
even if the value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the 
remaining amount due by the debtor in relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or 
the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the 
excess amount shall be returned to the consumer. According to the Mortgage Legislative Decree the Bank of 
Italy and the Ministry of Economy and Finance shall enact implementing provisions of such decree. In this 
respect, on 30 September 2016, the Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency 
and correctness in the relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di 
trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e 
clienti) of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to implement the transparency provisions of laid 
down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while on January 
2018 the Ministry of Economy and Finance has submitted to public consultation the draft of the 
Interministerial Decree implementing the Mortgage Legislative Decree. The final version of the 
Interministerial Decree has not yet been published. Therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer is not in a position to fully predict its impact. 
Mortgage borrower protection and relevant impacts on the Programme 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant applicable laws and 
regulations, (i) as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage 
loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under 
mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Milan 4226583.8 
right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) 
the automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to 
residents, both individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and 
listed in the relevant laws and regulations. 
In addition to the above, following the COVID-19 outbreak in Italy, further measures have been adopted, 
aimed at sustaining income of employees, the self-employed, self-employed professionals, micro and 
small/medium enterprises, including suspension of instalments payment.  
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be subject to suspension of 
payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the 
ability of the issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the activities necessary 
for the servicing of the Portfolio. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 
126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans 
granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and 
the ABI (Italian Banking Association) entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the 
renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied 
under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original 
final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, 
renegotiated or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of 
the first instalment due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or 
taken over (accollato). The difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such 
recalculation and the amount that the borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan 
will be (a) if negative, debited to a bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the 
lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable 
pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation 
date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage 
loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments 
equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis 
of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the 
relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original final maturity date of the mortgage 
loan. 
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed “Mortgage borrower 
protection” above may have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow 
projections concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and any Successor 
Servicer may be) appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor 
compliance with the Tests. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its respective obligations 
under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
may be affected, or, pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the 
ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Milan 4226583.8 
instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Cover Pool, this may lead to higher 
incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors.  
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to 
terminate the appointment of the relevant Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can 
be no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in administering the Cover Pool would 
be found who would be willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
The ability of a Successor Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, 
on the information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to 
appoint a Successor Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if any Debtor fails to make any payments in a timely 
manner. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or 
to monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparties 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor expects to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee primarily from collections in respect of the Cover Pool. To protect 
the Guarantor from (a) the basis risk and (b) the interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may in 
the future enter into any Mortgage Pool Swaps with one or more Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties on the 
relevant Issue Date. In addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate risk, basis risk or (to the extent that 
Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro) currency risks in respect of amounts 
received under the Mortgage Pool Swaps and amounts to be paid in respect of the Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor may in the future enter into Covered Bond Swaps with one or more Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will 
(unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A 
Swap Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the 
relevant Swap Agreement. If the relevant Swap Counterparty fails to provide the Guarantor with all amounts 
(denominated in the relevant currency) owing to the Guarantor (if any) on any payment date under the 
relevant Swap Agreement, or should the relevant swap transactions be otherwise terminated, then the 
Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in 
the relevant rates of interest. In addition, subject to confirmation by the Rating Agency, the Guarantor may 
hedge only part of the potential risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or, if one is entered 
into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a 
downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition, the Swap 
Agreements may provide that, notwithstanding the relevant Swap Counterparty ceasing to be assigned the 
requisite ratings and failure by such Swap Counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant 
Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate such Swap Agreement until a replacement swap 
counterparty has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Milan 4226583.8 
payment may rank pari passu with (or, under certain circumstances, ahead of) certain amounts due on the 
Covered Bonds and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to 
pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their 
respective obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due under the relevant Mortgage Loans; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of any of the Sellers; 
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised in 
the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
(f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate not mitigated by the Mortgage Pool Swap; 
(g) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure;  
(h) 
timing for the relevant sale of assets;  
(i) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates; and 
(j) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
being unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory 
Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will 
be an adequate amount of assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds 
following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and, accordingly, it is expected 
(although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable the 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Priority of Payments  
The validity of contractual priority of payments such as those contemplated in this transaction has been 
challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a 
secured creditor (in that case, a swap counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities 
breach the “anti-deprivation” principle under English and U.S insolvency law. This principle prevents a party 
from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency. It was argued that, 
where a secured creditor subordinates itself to bondholders in the event of its insolvency, that secured 
creditor effectively deprives its own creditors. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park 
Investments PTY Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers 
Special Financing Inc 2011 UKSC 38 (the “Perpetual Case”) unanimously upheld the decision of the Court 
of Appeal in dismissing this argument and upholding the validity of a flip clause contained in an English-law 
governed security document, stating that, provided that such clause forms part of a commercial transaction 
entered into in good faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one of its main purposes, the 
deprivation of one of the properties of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation principle was not 
breached by such provision.  
In parallel proceedings in New York, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in 
Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc.’s v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman 
Brothers Holdings Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-1242-JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined the same flip

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Milan 4226583.8 
clause and held that such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments 
when that creditor files for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the US Bankruptcy Code. Whilst leave to 
appeal was granted, the proceedings in the United States were settled before an appeal was heard. 
Therefore concerns still remain that the U.S. courts will diverge in their approach. 
There remains the issue whether, in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor 
located in a foreign jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the 
foreign insolvency proceedings, whether under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar 
common law principles. Given the current state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of continued judicial 
focus in respect of multi-jurisdictional insolvencies.  
Additionally, as a result of the conflicting statements of the English and New York courts there is uncertainty 
as to whether the English courts will give any effect to any New York court judgment. Similarly, if the 
Priorities of Payments are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales and such 
litigation results in a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payments it is 
possible that termination payments due to that Swap Counterparty would not be subordinated as envisaged 
by the Priorities of Payments and as a result, the Guarantor’s’ ability to repay the Covered Bondholders in full 
may be adversely affected. There is a particular risk of conflicting judgments where a Swap Counterparty is 
the subject of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings outside of England and Wales.  
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE COVERED BONDS 
4.1 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Milan 4226583.8 
the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The 
Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Following the occurrence of a breach of 
the Amortisation Test, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to serve a Breach of 
the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. The 
occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice 
shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice on the Guarantor all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass Through Series and will 
rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments. A Guarantor Event of Default would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
serve a Guarantor Default Notice and accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the 
Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents or 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default; (b) directing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Notice to 
Pay or a Guarantor Default Notice or otherwise instructing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
take enforcement action against the Guarantor and/or, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer; (c) 
cancelling, reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling 
payment dates; (d) altering the priority of payments of interest on the Covered Bonds and of principal; (e) 
exchanging the Covered Bonds for other securities; and (e) any other amendments to the Transaction 
Documents. Certain resolutions are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions (such as a resolution 
to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take any enforcement). Any Programme 
Resolution action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then 
outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions 
as Schedule 1 and cannot be resolved upon at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of a single Series. A 
Programme Resolution taken by Covered Bondholders of all Series will be binding on all Covered 
Bondholders irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme 
Resolution.  
Any Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting will bind each Covered Bondholder, irrespective of 
whether they attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making: 
(a) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; or 
(b) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Milan 4226583.8 
which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest 
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or an error which is proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes of 
complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the MEF Decree, the Law 
130, the BoI Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
It shall also be noted that, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be 
exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after 
the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights 
against the Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered 
Bondholder to commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between 
these interests, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more 
Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent of 
the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see the section headed 
“Selected aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction” below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the 
risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst 
the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant 
requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the 
aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and 
controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. 
Limits to Integration 
Under the BoI Regulations, Integration (as defined below), through Subsequent Portfolios, shall be carried 
out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI Regulations (see the section 
headed “Selected aspects of Italian law – Tests set out in the MEF Decree” below). 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) 
complying with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual over-
collateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements (such as the over-
collateralisation requirements set out under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in respect of the Asset

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Milan 4226583.8 
Coverage Test); or (c) complying with the Integration Assets Limit. 
Investors should note that Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI 
Regulations and specified above. 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds other than Registered Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
included in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds) which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to 
each Series of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) can be reviewed by reading the 
Conditions as set out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds (other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final 
Terms which applies and/or disapplies and/or completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner 
required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
(other than the Registered Covered Bonds).  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form, from time to 
time, agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Assignment 
Agreement, the related Registered Covered Bonds Rules Agreement and the letter of appointment of (i) any 
Registered Paying Agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds and (ii) the Registrar in respect of the 
Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to 
enter into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a 
specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based 
on the laws of the Republic of Italy (and, in the case of the Swap Agreement, certain provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the laws of 
England) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible change to the laws of Italy or of England or administrative practice in the relevant jurisdictions after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new 
factor or result in this Base Prospectus containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no 
obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European 
Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “2019/2162 Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds (the “2019/2160 Regulation”). 
The 2019/2160 Regulation and the 2019/2162 Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered 
bonds and introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. 
More in particular, the new 2019/2160 Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the 
quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new 2019/2162 Directive aims to 
harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Member States will have to implement the 2019/2162 Directive by 8 July 2021 and the transposing 
provisions will apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The 2019/2160 Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022.  
On 27 October 2020, the European Commission issued a draft delegated regulation aimed at amending

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Milan 4226583.8 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the “LCR Delegated Regulation”) on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(LCR). The LCR Delegated Regulation is applicable to all credit institutions, including those issuing covered 
bonds. Such credit institutions are currently subject to the liquidity coverage requirement applicable for a 
period of 30 calendar days, during which a covered bond issuer has to ensure it has sufficient liquid assets 
(in the meaning of the LCR Delegated Regulation) to cover the net liquidity outflows (in the meaning of the 
LCR Delegated Regulation), including those stemming from the covered bond programme. At the same time, 
2019/2162 Directive requires credit institutions issuing covered bonds to maintain at all times a liquidity 
buffer (‘cover pool liquidity buffer’) composed of liquid assets available to cover the net liquidity outflows of 
their covered bonds programmes for a period of 180 days. The cover pool liquidity buffer established by the 
2019/2162 Directive includes assets that meet all but one requirement to be recognised as liquid assets 
under the LCR Delegated Regulation: assets in the cover pool liquidity buffer are subject to the segregation 
requirement under the Article 12 of the 2019/2162 Directive, making them encumbered and therefore 
ineligible in the LCR liquidity buffer, thus duplicating the liquidity requirements covered bonds issuers have to 
comply with. To ensure that Member States can address such overlap, 2019/2162 Directive includes an 
option for Member States to waive the specific cover pool liquidity buffer requirement for the time that the 
credit institution issuing covered bonds complies with other liquidity requirements under Union law. However, 
the exercise of the abovementioned waiver to avoid double counting would not be prudentially sound 
because, after the separation of the credit institution’s estates in stress scenarios, it would reduce the liquid 
assets in the cover pool intended to respond to its own payment obligations (liquid assets fulfilling the 
general liquidity coverage requirement are by definition unencumbered, meaning that they are freely 
available for the credit institution and part of its general estate). The draft delegated regulation aims to 
remove the overlap, by permitting credit institutions to treat liquid assets held as part of the cover pool 
liquidity buffer as unencumbered up to the amount of net liquidity outflows from the associated covered bond 
programme. Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in the 
context of the draft delegated regulation at hand, in order to align the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 
129 of the CRR, as amended by 2019/2160 Regulation. The consultation has ended on 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has entered 
into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. 
According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020: 
 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; and 
 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set 
for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under 
Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover 
pool). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 2019/2162 Directive has not yet been implemented in Italy. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not capable of assessing the potential negative impact 
that the application of the above provisions will have on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Programme and the 
Covered Bonds.  
In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no 
assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction 
described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or 
regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Limited secondary market

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Milan 4226583.8 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and there 
can be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. If an 
active or liquid secondary market develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may 
not provide Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be 
able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to 
realise a desired yield. If, therefore, a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and investors may not 
be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for bonds that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered 
Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or 
regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the 
liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an 
investor might not be able to sell its Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell 
the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by country-specific reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Covered Bonds, (b) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered 
Bonds and (c) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of benchmarks may affect the value or payment of interest under 
the Covered Bonds 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered 
Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the "IOSCO Benchmark Principles") and the EU's Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for benchmarks to 
be used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as well as the quality and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Milan 4226583.8 
transparency of benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in February 2015 on the status of 
the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as the benchmarks industry is 
in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in the future, but that it is too early to 
determine what those steps should be. The review noted that there has been a significant market reaction to 
the publication of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and widespread efforts being made to implement the 
IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the majority of administrators surveyed. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the Benchmarks Regulation. The Benchmarks 
Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 29 June 2016 and entered into force on 30 June 2016. 
Subject to various transitional provisions, the Benchmarks Regulation applies from 1 January 2018, except 
that the regime for 'critical' benchmarks has applied from 30 June 2016 and certain amendments to 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 have applied from 3 July 2016. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the 
provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" 
within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices 
such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, 
commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) 
which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Covered Bonds), financial contracts and 
investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could also have a material impact on any listed Covered Bonds linked to a 
"benchmark" index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate EU authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable 
transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the 
particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds could be 
delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Covered Bonds could be 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant "benchmark", and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Covered Bonds, including 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition 
to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end 
of 2021.  
Separate workstreams are also underway in Europe to provide a fallback by reference to a euro riskfree rate 
(based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro shortterm rate 
(“€STR”) as the new risk free rate for the area euro. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Milan 4226583.8 
published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final recommendations 
are expected to be published during the second quarter of 2021. Actually, although EURIBOR has been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to system 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in 
the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of 
replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new 
framework delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under 
the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might significantly disrupt 
the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the designation of a 
replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised 
entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks 
until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed 
before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the 
following day.  
The potential elimination of any "benchmark", or changes in the manner of administration of any 
"benchmark", could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in 
respect of any Covered Bonds referencing such "benchmark". The Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
(without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks", and/or (iii) leading to the discontinuance, unavailability or 
disappearance of certain "benchmarks".  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the 
Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of an Original Reference Rate), if applicable, 
then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of 
determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as further described in Condition 6(j) (Fallback 
Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that if the 
Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the further fallbacks 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds shall apply. In certain circumstances, including 
but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Rate, the ultimate 
fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest of the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in effective application of a fixed 
rate of interest for Covered Bonds initially designated to be Floating Rate Covered Bonds. In addition, due to

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Milan 4226583.8 
the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the 
Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or an Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have 
to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest. In addition, while any 
Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value 
between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bonds may not do so and 
may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) 
than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, investigations and licensing 
issues in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds.  
For Moody’s, the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss that Covered 
Bondholders may suffer. 
The data and information for the explanation of the factors addressed by Moody’s have been sourced from 
Moody’s. Such data and information has been accurately reproduced and insofar as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Covered Bond will be treated as having 
been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and 
registered or certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by 
Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A. which is established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation published on the website of ESMA pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation (for more information 
please visit the ESMA webpage http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).   
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Any rating agency may lower, at any point in time, its rating or withdraw its rating if, inter alia, in the sole 
judgment of such rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined. If any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Milan 4226583.8 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structural, market and additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating 
agency at any time. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees charged 
by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution 
may charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Covered Bonds and 
custody services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore 
advised to investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
4.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case, 
they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case, they will 
constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in 
all respects and will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in acceleration, 
all Covered Bonds of all Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from 
their nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the 
circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefiting from periodical interest payments, 
shall be granted an interest income consisting of the difference between the redemption price and the issue 
price, which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is 
exposed to the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest 
rate. Prices of zero coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are 
likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest-bearing covered bonds

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Milan 4226583.8 
with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
6. 
TAX RISKS 
No gross-up for taxes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of 
Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the 
case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
VAT Group 
Italian Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”) has introduced new rules regarding the 
creation of a single entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential 
Decree No. 633 of 26 October 1972) (“VAT Group Regime”), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 1 
January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, the entity acting as VAT group representative is responsible for the 
exercise of the rights and obligations arising from the application of the VAT Group Regime provisions. and 
all other entities included in the VAT group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT group representative 
vis-à-vis the Italian Tax Authority for the sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities of 
the Italian Tax Authority in respect of the VAT provisions.  
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter No. 19 whereby it has specified – with 
respect to asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - SGR) – that funds, as pools of 
segregated assets, would not be held directly responsible for the sums due as taxes, interest and penalties 
as a consequence of the settlement and audit activities of the Italian Tax Authority, except for the VAT 
payment obligations specifically related to their own assets. Nevertheless, it has not been expressly specified 
that the same limitation applies also to the assets held by a covered bond guarantor or a securitisation 
vehicle.  
The Issuer has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group (including the 
Guarantor) with effect from 1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit renewal for 
each subsequent year unless revoked. Pending further clarification on the scope of application of the new 
rules, the Issuer has undertaken to hold harmless and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, 
expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, fines, penalties and other charges which the Guarantor may incur as 
a result of its participation in the VAT group to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, with the 
exception of those costs, expenses, interests, penalties, liabilities and other charges which are directly 
attributable to the Guarantor on its ordinary course of business and without prejudice to the obligations and 
rights of the Issuer as “rappresentante“ of the VAT group in accordance with the 2017 Budget Law.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Milan 4226583.8 
EACH HOLDER OF COVERED BONDS SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN A 
MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND TO LEARN HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT EACH 
HOLDER IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCE. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the risks described above are the main risks inherent in the 
holding of Covered Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bond may occur 
for other reason which may not be considered significant risk by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. While the 
various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for 
holders of Covered Bonds of any Series, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or 
effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series of interest or principal on such 
Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Milan 4226583.8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such 
documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof, that can be obtained at the webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-
6f1b-4812-4a03-38866f41e523?version=1.1&t=1612867834684&download=true  
2. 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+by-
law_English.pdf/733de8e3-004e-eb20-be20-
f3b44f58c64e?version=1.0&t=1576246409544&download=true    
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021, 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1357214240/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2021.pdf/7405e06c-47f3-b30f-2bf3-
cf209ef777d8?version=1.2&t=1635163443876&download=true    
4. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2021, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1357214240/CONSOLIDATED+INTERIM+REPORT
+ON+OPERATIONS+AS+AT+31+MARCH+2021.pdf/ebacf890-3456-1b0a-0ef9-
d12051e71acb?version=1.2&t=1635163555601&download=true     
5. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Annual+Report+2020.pdf/f0e85ff0-18fa-
9be9-ba0e-39f5740daea8?version=1.2&t=1635163733957&download=true  
6. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2020.pdf/e9e0cae3-4670-7f7e-94b8-
c211dc7423c4?version=1.2&t=1635195751702&download=true 
7. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that 
can be obtained at the webpage 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/380110656/Annual+Report+2019.pdf/b8a138e9-
9368-0fc5-c209-63c59d4a7ad1?version=1.1&t=1635202025756&download=true

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Milan 4226583.8 
8. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2020+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/f1c1063c-8313-7bc0-8ad6-
731a96fffe7d?version=1.0&t=1620038640664&download=true  
9. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2019+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/5794b760-8b08-86c7-b723-
fae7655714ff?version=1.0&t=1600757088736&download=true  
and 
10. 
BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report 
on operations as at 30 September 2021”, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/0/21.11.05_BPER_9M21_results+l.pdf/3a2bed1d-
3219-a83a-6e51-4aebf45e9544?t=1636130873969  
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof; (ii) the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated 
half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021; (iv) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated 
interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021; (v) the Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; (vi) the Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; (vii) the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; (viii) the Guarantor’s 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; (ix) the Guarantor’s audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; and (x) the BPER Group press release dated 
5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations as at 30 September 2021”. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-
year report (including limited review 
report) as at 30 June 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 91 to 92

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Milan 4226583.8 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Consolidated income statement  
Pages 93 to 94 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 96 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 97 to 98 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 99 to 261 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Pages 267 to 268 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s 
unaudited 
consolidated 
interim report on operations (without 
a review report) as at 31 March 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 67 to 68 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Pages 69 to 70 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 71 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 72 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 73 to 174 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the 
auditors’ 
report 
thereon, 
notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 105 to 106 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 107 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 108 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 109 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 113 to 469

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Milan 4226583.8 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 475 to 487 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-
year report (including limited review 
report) as at 30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 103 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 104 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 105 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 107 to 108 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 109 to 245 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Page 251 (reference 
is to the page of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the 
auditors’ 
report 
thereon, 
notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 112 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 113 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 114 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 115 to 116 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 117 to 466 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 471 to 480 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version)

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Milan 4226583.8 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Guarantor’s 
audited 
annual 
financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto 
and 
the 
relevant 
accounting principles in respect of 
the year ended on 31 December 
2020 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Pages 12 to 13 
 
Income statement 
Page 13 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 15 
 
Cash flow statement 
Pages 16 to 17 
 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 17 to 71 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 72 to 74 
(reference is to pages 
of the pdf version) 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles 
in 
respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2019 
 
 
 
Balance sheet  
Page 13 
 
Income statement  
Page 13 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 15 
 
Statement of cash flows 
Pages 16 to 17 
 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 18 to 67 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 68 to 70 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
BPER Group Press release dated 5 
November 
2020 
entitled 
“Consolidated 
interim 
report 
on operations as at 30 September 
2021” 
Entire document  
All

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Milan 4226583.8 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has 
identified several alternative performance measures (“APM”). The management believes that these APMs 
provide useful information for investors as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial 
performance of the same, because they facilitate the identification of significant operating trends and 
financial parameters. This Base Prospectus contains alternative performance measures as defined by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating 
performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 June 2021, 31 March 2021, 31 December 2020, 30 June 2020 and 31 
December 2019.  
It should be noted that:  
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative 
of the future performance;  
(ii) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial 
statements of BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to 
audit;  
(iii) 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021, the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021, 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020 and 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019;  
(v) 
since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and 
BPER Group may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue 
reliance should not be placed on these data; 
(vi) 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which 
financial information in this Base Prospectus are included. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as not incorporated by 
reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above is 
considered as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021 and 
30 June 2020 have been subject to limited review by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity 
as independent auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Milan 4226583.8 
December 2019 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as 
indicated in its reports thereon.  
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Guarantor, as 
indicated in its reports thereon. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial 
statements prepared for and used in Italy, and have been translated for the convenience of international 
readers. The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and 
incorporated by reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from 
the independent auditor of the Issuer, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the in 
this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union 
under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office 
of the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained at the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Written or oral requests for such documents should be 
directed to the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Milan 4226583.8 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement as required by the above mentioned article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) 
that, if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is 
necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor, and the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and 
shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Milan 4226583.8 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The following structure diagram does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this structure diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           Covered 
    Bondholders 
OBG 
Italian Covered Bond Framework 
Covered Bond 
     Issuance  
     Proceeds 
Covered Bond  
      Issuance 
    & Coupon  
Estense CPT Covered  
Bond s.r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Subordinated Loan 
     Repayments of  
Subordinated Loan 
Transfer of Cover Pool 
Cover Pool Purchase Price 
Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
    Swap  
Cashflows 
Asset Monitor

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Milan 4226583.8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER 
 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, 
“BPER Banca” or the “Parent Company”) is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per 
azioni), operating in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent 
company of the BPER Banca banking Group (the “BPER Group” or the “BPER Banca Group”), which was 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its By-laws, its 
final term ends on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. BPER officially entered in the Bank of Italy’s 
registers of banking groups on 7 August 1992 (Group No. 5387.6). The change of denomination from Banca 
popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the 
Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). 
BPER is registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of 
Commerce of Modena under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid up share capital of BPER as at the Issue Date was Euro 2,100,435,182.40 divided 
into 1,413,263,512 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on 4 November 2022). 
Since June 2009, following the inclusion of the Expandi market within the main market (MTA), which was 
implemented by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as part of the broader rationalisation of Italy’s financial markets, 
BPER’s shares have been listed in the “Blue Chip” segment of the MTA (comprising the 72 largest 
companies measured by capitalisation). As of the date when the “Blue Chip” segment was substituted by the 
FTSE MIB BPER’s shares have been included in this stock market index. 
In September 2009, BPER’s shares were included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600, a major European index. 
This index is used as a benchmark by numerous European funds and is the underlying benchmark for 
futures contracts traded on the Frankfurt derivatives exchange.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena, a mutual company, whose 
founding objective was the financing of artisan and local business activities. In 1983, it was merged with 
Banca Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In January 1992, the BPER 
acquired Banca Popolare di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società 
Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di 
Ravenna”), and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. (“Banca CRV”), 
consolidating its presence in Emilia Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of 
Banca Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. (“BPLS”) and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. (“Banca 
Popolare del Materano”), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Crotone”). 
In 1996, BPER and Banca Popolare di Ravenna set up Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna (Europe) 
International S.A., successively named BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a., whose headquarters are located in 
Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private banking, investment management and corporate 
banking services. The private banking and investment management services are offered to international 
clients, including a wide array of specialized and tailor made services, such as investment advice and 
discretionary portfolio management. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share 
capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.. 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone 
merged to form a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del 
Mezzogiorno”). Prior to the 2008 merger, BPER acquired, through Banca Popolare del Materano, three

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Milan 4226583.8 
small banks located in the South of Italy, notably, Banca Popolare della Val d’Agri S.p.A. and Banca 
Popolare del Sinni S.p.A. (both of which merged with Banca Popolare del Materano in 2000 and 2001, 
respectively) and Banca Popolare di Castrovillari e Corigliano Calabro S.p.A. which, in 2002, was merged by 
incorporation with Banca Popolare di Crotone. 
In 1998, BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A., which merged with Banca della 
Campania S.p.A. (“Banca della Campania”) on 28 December 2006. At the end of 1998, BPER acquired 
approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. (“BPA”). The acquisition, in 
1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Salerno”), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila 
S.p.A. (“Carispaq”) and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia”) 
resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001, BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating 
one of the largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches 
and more than 10,000 employees at that time. 
In June 2003, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form 
the banking entity Banca della Campania. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. by purchasing the remaining shares 
from Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.A.. BPER and Banco di Sardegna resolved to commence the merger by 
incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A.. Sardaleasing S.p.A. is a company operating in 
all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region, originally owned by Banco di Sardegna, 
BPER and other minority shareholders. The merger was successfully completed in June 2014 and in the 
same month BPER acquired direct control of the company. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. 
In November 2005, BPER increased its shareholding in Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. to 94.49 per cent. 
In 2005, BPER – through an investment in a holding company (Finbanche d’Abruzzo S.p.A.) – indirectly 
increased its equity interest in both Carispaq and BPLS. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. (“Arca Vita”). 
At the end of 2008, the BPER acquired 36 branches from three banks part of the Unicredito Italiano banking 
group (Banco di Sicilia S.p.A., BIPOP Carire S.p.A. and Banca di Roma S.p.A.). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a 
result, BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (“BNT”), a bank 
specialised in agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which 
specialises in non-life insurance. The latter two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such 
reorganisation, the BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal 
shares among the four banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in 
accordance with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the 
existing and future portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted 
and/or held by BNT. 
The notes, issued by the SPV in a single tranche, were subscribed by the member banks of BNT 
substantially in proportion to their respective interests. 
In June 2010, BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS”) transferred control over Arca Vita to 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. (“Unipol Group”). 
In 2009, the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. (“Banca 
Italease”). The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release 
S.p.A. (“Release”) and Alba Leasing S.p.A. (“Alba Leasing”). A considerable portion of the assets and

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Milan 4226583.8 
liabilities of Banca Italease were contributed to these companies, in particular, its impaired assets went to 
Release, while its performing loans deriving from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In July 2010, the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV into BPER, its parent company, was approved. 
On 17 February 2012, BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects 
of the company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide 
advice on trust matters. The company commenced business in the early 2013.  
In November 2012 it took place the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER. 
In January 2013, BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, 
BPLS and BPA (hereinafter, the “Merged Companies”) into BPER. Having successfully concluded the 
merger of the Merged Companies, an equally important effort was made in 2014 to implement a major 
project of internal reorganisation, notably, the absorption of three subsidiary banks (Banca Popolare del 
Mezzogiorno, Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna) by BPER. 
In February 2013, BPER completed process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. 
(“CR Bra”). As a result, CR Bra was included within the scope of Group’s consolidation. 
A new company, part of the BPER Group, was set up in December 2015 – BPER Credit Management 
s.cons.p.a. – in order to review the model for handling non-performing loans. The corporate purpose of the 
company is “the recovery and management of non-performing loans and any other operations designed to 
facilitate their disposal and/or collection”, became operative since January 2016. 
In 2016, BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. (“Banca di Sassari”) – 
originally a subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (“Banco di Sardegna”) – transferring 55 
branches from Banca di Sassari to Banco di Sardegna with the view to allowing Banca di Sassari to focus on 
consumer credit lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca di Sassari 
changed its name to Bibanca S.p.A (“Bibanca”). 
In October 2016, BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. (“CR 
Saluzzo”), thus increasing its shareholding from 31.02% to 80%. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR 
Saluzzo into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
On 30 June 2017, BPER completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Nuova Cassa di 
Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. (“Nuova Carife”) from the Single Resolution Fund. 
In November 2017, the merger through absorption of Nuova Carife into BPER took place, with accounting 
and tax effects having been backdated as of July 2017. 
BPER Group's Non Performing Exposure Strategy for the period 2018-2020 provided for the sale of bad 
loans at a Group level for a total gross book value of between Euro 3.5 and Euro 4.5 billion over 3 years, of 
which approximately Euro 3.0 billion through two securitisation transactions (“4Mori Sardegna” and “AQUI”) 
were finalised within 2018. 
The Board of Directors of BPER approved the Group's NPE Strategy on the 2019-2021 horizon, which took 
into consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the SREP Decision 2018. 
In March 2021 BPER Banca approved the new NPE Strategy 2021-2023 in a "stand-alone" version, which is 
currently undergoing further revision. 
On 7 July 2020, the Group completed the sale, to an institutional investor, of 95% of the mezzanine and 
junior tranches of securities issued as part of the Spring bad loan securitisation, with a gross book value of € 
1.2 billion as at 30 September 2019 (“Spring”). 
In December 2020 BPER Banca completed a new securitisation of a bad loan portfolio (“Summer”).  In 
detail, BPER Banca and Banco di Sardegna sold a portfolio of bad loans for a gross book value of € 270.8 
million at the reference date of 31 July 2020. In exchange for the sale, the relevant vehicle issued three

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Milan 4226583.8 
different classes of securities for a total of € 96.4 million. In April the GACS state guarantee was granted in 
relation to the Summer senior securities, the nominal value of which was originally equal to Euro 85.4 million. 
In the first half of 2021, the BPER Group prepared and partially executed several sales, mostly of "portfolios", 
involving positions classified as “Unlikely-ToPay” (“UTP”), to investors and mutual funds specialised in credit 
recovery management, for a gross value (receivable) of around Euro 510 million. 
The first of the transactions involved the transfer of a loan portfolio, carried out in the first half of March 2021, 
to the Efesto Fund, active in the acquisition and management of UTP and managed by Finanziaria 
Internazionale Investments SGR with the help of Italfondiario s.p.a. (a doValue group company) as exclusive 
servicer, for a gross book value of approximately Euro 122 million. 
At the beginning of April 2021, a second sale of a further UTP portfolio was finalised, following a competitive 
process known as the "Project Winter", which saw the participation of the main market operators. It involved 
the sale of a portfolio of loans with a gross value of around Euro 248 million by BPER Banca and Banco di 
Sardegna to Intrum and Deva Capital. 
A third sale transaction was carried out in May 2021, through the contribution by BPER of a portfolio of 
secured UTPs with a gross value of around Euro 52 million to the "Back2Bonis" fund managed by Prelios 
SGR. 
A fourth transaction, involving the sale of a portfolio of corporate receivables classified as UTP, for a gross 
value of approximately € 41.3 million, was finalised in the second quarter, through the contribution of these 
receivables to the specialised investment fund known as the "iCCT Fund" and managed by Illimity SGR, with 
the simultaneous subscription of the related units issued by the same fund. 
The second quarter also saw the completion of a massive UTP sale involving "small ticket" positions, which 
involved a "portfolio" of over 3,000 debtors with a gross value of €2.2 million, as well as single name sales in 
the corporate segment for a further €4 million. 
During the first few days of July 2021, a remaining sale of UTP loans to specialised investors was finalised, 
for a gross value of €41 million, in addition to those already commented on above. 
On 23 July 2021, the sale of a portfolio of small tickets non-performing loans (over 5 thousand debtors) with 
a gross value of Euro 82.5 million to a professional investor against payment in cash (the "Mandalorian" 
transaction) was finalised. 
On 28 July 2021, the BPER Group formally commenced (by means of a legal transfer to an SPV) the 
activities aimed at a further massive sale of non-performing loans, to be completed during the second half of 
2021 by means of a securitisation transaction pursuant to Law 130/99, in compliance with the requirements 
to be assisted by GACS. 
On 22 July 2019, BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca 
Holding") auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in LCA and Veneto Banca 
S.p.A. in LCA, for a total of 39.99% of the share capital of Arca Holding, which in turn holds all the shares of 
Arca Fondi SGR. 
On 25 July 2019, BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share 
capital and a stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently 
holds 100% of the ordinary share capital and, approximately, 91.18% of the preferred shares. 
On 31 July 2019, BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. (“Unipol Banca”) from Unipol Group S.p.A. 
and UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. (“UnipolSai”). 
From 25 November 2019, the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER was 
effective. Therefore, from such date assets and liabilities of Unipol Banca were taken over by BPER. 
On 17 February 2020, BPER announced it entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
(“ISP”) pursuant to which, upon completion of the voluntary public exchange offer launched by the same ISP 
on the entire share capital of UBI Banca S.p.A. (“UBI”), BPER will purchase a going concern composed of

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Milan 4226583.8 
approximately 1.2 million clients distributed on 400/500 banking branches, prevailingly located in the 
northern Italy, and of assets, liabilities and other legal relationships referable to such clients. 
On 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 BPER announced subsequent and supplementary agreements 
aiming at defining more precisely the perimeter of the going concern to be acquired. 
On 7 August 2020 the Italian Competition Authority announced that it authorised the acquisition by BPER of 
a going concern from ISP consisting of 532 branches and related legal relationships. 
On 3 September 2020, BPER announced that it received the authorisation from the European Central Bank 
for the acquisition from ISP of the going concern. 
On 22 April 2020, BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, separate and 
consolidated financial statement for 2019 and the proposal to grant the Board of Directors the power to 
increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in order to fund the 
announced transaction with ISP. 
On 19 February 2021 BPER announced that final contracts were signed for the purchase from ISP of a 
series of banking assets split into three business units consisting of 486 branches and 134 operational units. 
The geographical distribution of the branches and operational units shows a high concentration in Northern 
Italy, particularly in Lombardy. 
The transfer to BPER Banca of the business units of UBI and UBISS s.c.p.a. took effect for legal purposes 
on 22 February 2021, while the transfer of ISP business unit took effect on 21 June 2021.  
The total consideration paid to ISP for the series of banking assets including the three business units 
acquired was approximately € 644 million. The Common Equity Tier 1 of the business unit was equal to € 
1,611 million. 
 
Strategy 
2019-2021 Business Plan 
On 28 February 2019, the BPER Group approved and presented to the market its three-year development 
plan, known as the “BPER 2021 Strategic Plan” (the “Plan”). These forecasts were then updated by later 
market communications, including: (i) the announcement of the agreement with ISP for the acquisition of a 
business complex represented by branches of the former-UBI on 17 February 2020 and (ii) the subsequent 
supplementary agreements, which defined more precisely the perimeter of the business complex and revised 
the mechanism for calculating its price. 
The Plan is divided into three pillars: 
 
growth and development of the business with a particular focus on Bancassurance, Wealth 
Management and Business Global Advisory, as well as Consumer Credit; 
 
strong increase in operational efficiency and simplification; and 
 
acceleration of de-risking and further capital strengthening. 
 
The emergency associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent significant change in the current 
and future macroeconomic context has also had a substantial effect on the economic and financial dynamics 
of the BPER Group that were originally envisaged in the Plan. 
Without prejudice to the strategic directions embodied in the Plan, which are confirmed, BPER started 
working in April 2020 on updating the forecasts by simulating alternatives for the growth prospects of the 
BPER Group. The Board of Directors of BPER has recognised both the substantial alteration of market 
prospects, due to the major change in the macroeconomic context caused by the emergency, and the latest 
forecasts for interest rates that show them in negative territory for an extended period, rather than making 
the recovery envisaged in the original Plan.  
Given this, the Board approved the updated financial forecasts for 2020-2021 of the BPER Group on 5 
August 2020. This update also takes appropriate account of the change in the macroeconomic situation, the 
change in scope following the aggregation of Arca Holding – not envisaged in the original Plan – as well as 
the acquisition of the business complex according to the agreement with ISP and the related increase in 
capital, which for obvious reasons were not planned either.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Milan 4226583.8 
Below there is a summary of the main extraordinary transactions envisaged in the Plan and already carried 
out at the date of these Base Prospectus. 
- 
absorption of the BPER Services consortium by BPER Banca; 
- 
acquisition from the Unipol Group of 100% of Unipol Banca (and therefore, indirectly, of Finitalia) and 
its subsequent absorption by BPER Banca; 
- 
disposal to the Unipol Group, at the same time, of a portfolio of bad loans totalling about Euro 1 
billion; 
- 
significant reduction in the Group's minorities by purchasing the minority interests in Banco di 
Sardegna; 
- 
a further interest in Arca Holding (and therefore, indirectly, in Arca Fondi SGR); 
- 
absorption of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo by BPER Banca. 
Evolution of the operating machine and organisational simplification 
The Plan focuses strongly on cost containment, to be achieved through rationalisation and simplification of 
the distribution model, corporate structure and internal processes, as well as by optimising the size of the 
workforce and reducing organisational complexity. Finally, further cost synergies are envisaged by creating a 
centre to specialise in the real estate sector (“Active Real Estate Management”). 
This took and will take place through: 
- 
evolution of the distribution model, reorganising the territorial footprint and introducing new branch 
formats; 
- 
rationalisation and simplification of the Group's corporate structure by BPER absorbing Unipol 
Banca, as was done in November 2019, and Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di 
Saluzzo, as was done in July 2020, creating a complete range of product companies, strengthening 
the consumer credit company;  
- 
the optimisation of operations and the continuous IT evolution with the aim of increasing process 
productivity through the dematerialisation and creation of control and governance tools, the 
activation of robotics systems and Artificial Intelligence, extension of the use of cloud technologies to 
promote commercial effectiveness and operational efficiency; and 
- 
staff reduction of 1,300 resources by 2021; 
- 
the above mentioned transaction with ISP. 
It should be noted that 2021 is the last year of the Plan. After the new Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director took office, the preparatory activities for the business plan, which will guide the activities of the 
BPER Group for the next three years, were started. Approval of the new plan is expected between the end of 
2021 and the first few months of 2022.  
Acceleration of de-risking, confirming maximum capital solidity 
The de-risking process, already undertaken by BPER in recent years, is expected to be further strengthened 
thanks to the introduction of new credit management processes, with particular focus on the continuation of 
activities aimed at reducing non-performing loans. In addition to the evolution of the credit management 
process, both in the underwriting phase and in the proactive management of ordinary loans at the first signs 
of anomaly (also through the anticipated use of forbearance) and recovery of non-performing loans 
(efficiency of the work-out and outsourcing process). 
The strategic directions identified in the Plan include objectives for reducing the portfolio of non-performing 
loans; as already mentioned, this strategic objective, pursued with determination by the Group in recent 
years, has most likely been affected by the economic crisis caused by the Covid-19 pandemic.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Milan 4226583.8 
In this regard, as mentioned in the previous paragraphs, in March 2021 BPER approved the new NPE 
Strategy 2021-2023 in a "stand-alone" version, a document required annually by the ECB, which is currently 
undergoing further revision, with a significant improvement in targets. 
 
Operations to strengthen capital and capital management actions 
In July 2019, as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna as described here above, BPER 
Board of Directors, on the basis of the power granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on 4 
July 2019, resolved upon a capital increase for 33,000,000 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. 
Consequently, since 25 July 2019 the share capital of BPER was Euro 1,542,925,305.00 divided into 
514,308,435 shares. On the same date, again as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna, 
BPER issued an "Additional Tier 1" convertible bond for a nominal amount of Euro 150,000,000, which was 
simultaneously and entirely subscribed for a total price of Euro 180,000,000. 
On 7 November 2019 the Board of Directors of BPER, in the context of the resolutions concerning the 
voluntary public exchange offer on the saving shares of Banco di Sardegna, resolved to exercise the powers 
granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting held on 4 July 2019, concerning a capital increase 
against payment, in divisible form, to service such offer. The Board of Directors resolved upon a capital 
increase for a maximum of 7,883,368 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. 
On 20 December 2019 BPER announced that 6,319,513 BPER ordinary shares were issued the day before 
as a result of  the capital increase in order to serve the above offer. Consequently, since 19 December 2019 
the share capital of BPER was Euro 1,561,883,844.00 divided into 520,627,948 shares. 
On 30 July 2020 Banco di Sardegna Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting and Banco di Sardegna Special 
Saving and Preferred Shareholders Meeting were held. As a result, inter alia, the conversion of Banco di 
Sardegna saving shares into preferred shares was approved. Once the process was completed, the relevant 
Banco di Sardegna Articles of Association was duly updated and the full delisting of Banco di Sardegna 
saving shares duly followed. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR 
Saluzzo into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
As a result of CR Bra’s absorption, the share capital of the BPER increased by Euro 3,712,500 through the 
issue of 1,237,500 BPER common shares, by simultaneously amending Article 5 of the Articles of 
Association. No effect on BPER's share capital derived from the incorporation of CR Saluzzo as it was fully 
owned. 
The above mentioned right issue approved in order to fund the transaction with ISP was successfully 
completed on October 2020: 891.398.064 new common shares offered were fully subscribed for an amount 
of Euro 802,258,257.60. Consequently, since 28 October 2020 the share capital of BPER is Euro 
2,100,435,182.40 divided into 1,413,263,512 shares. 
A Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued under this EMTN programme in November 2020 for a total aggregate 
amount of Euro 400 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years and gives the issuer a call option for its 
early redemption 5 years after the issue date. The bond pays a fixed coupon of 3.625% for the first 5 years, 
with a subsequent reset for any residual maturity. The issue was placed entirely with institutional investors. 
Following the relevant ECB authorization, BPER exercised the call option on the subordinated bond "Banca 
Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Subordinato Tier II 4.25% 15/06/2015 - 15/06/2025 Callable", with 
consequent early redemption of the aforementioned bond at par. The bond was repaid in advance of the 
deadline of 15 June 2025 and the resulting amount was credited with a value date of 15 December 2020. 
 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 June 2021 is as shown here below.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Milan 4226583.8 
Finitalia S.p.A. 
100,000% 
BPER Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. 
100,000% 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
57,061% 
(d) 
78,569% 
Arca Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
100,00% 
Estense CPT Covered 
Bond S.r.l. 
60,000% 
(c) 
68,339% 
Modena Terminal S.r.l. 
100,000% 
Estense Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
60,000% 
(c) 
52,741% 
70,000% 
Bibanca S.p.A. 
99,091% 
20,522% 
31,661% 
Numera S.p.A. 
100,000% 
46,933% 
BPER Credit Management 
S.C.p.A. 
100,000% 
(b) 
20,000% 
 
 
a) 
Equivalent to 99.180% of the entire Share Capital consisting of 
ordinary and preference. 
b) 
The following Companies are also shareholders of BPER Credit 
Management S.C.p.A.: 
c) 
- 
Sardaleasing S.p.A. (6.000%); 
- 
Bibanca S.p.A. (3.000%); 
- 
Emilia Romagna Factor S.p.A. (1.000%). 
Subsidiary companies consolidated under the equity method. 
d) 
Subsidiary company which is not member of the banking group 
since it does not contribute directly to its activities. 
In addition to the above members of the banking group, 
the scope of consolidation also includes the following 
subsidiary companies which are not members of the 
banking group since they do not contribute directly to its 
activities. 
These companies are consolidated under the equity 
method of the Parent Company: 
- Adras S.p.A. (100%); 
- Italiana Valorizzazioni Immobiliari S.r.l. (100%); 
- Sifà S.p.A. (100%). 
 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di 
Sardegna. As at 30 June 2021, Banco di Sardegna employed 2,164 staff and had 328 branches; its total 
direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 16,233,048 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 7,507 
thousand. 
 
Emilia Romagna Factor 
S.p.A. 
99,057% 
 
Optima S.p.A. - SIM 
100,000% 
BPER Trust Company 
S.p.A. 
100,000% 
(c) 
 
Sardaleasing S.p.A. 
99,674% 
 
Nadia S.p.A. 
100,000% 
 
Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. 
100,000% 
(a)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Milan 4226583.8 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.569 and 20.522 
per cent of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 30 June 2021, Bibanca employed 160 staff and had 
no branches; its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 247,415 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) 
whilst net profit was Euro 9,769 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.. As at 30 June 2021, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 24 staff and had 1 branch; its 
total direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 2,571,452 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 2,849 
thousand. 
 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairperson). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Flavia Mazzarella 
Chairperson 
21/04/2021 
Piero Luigi Montani1 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
Riccardo Barbieri 
Deputy Chairperson 
21/04/2021 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Cristiano Cincotti 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Alessandro Robin Foti 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Roberto Giay 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Marisa Pappalardo 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gian Luca Santi 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Elisa Valeriani2 
Director 
23/06/2021 
 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Stefano Rossetti 
Deputy General Manager (Vice) 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
 
                                                     
 
1 Following the resignation of Alessandro Vandelli with effect from 4 August 2021, Piero Luigi Montani is currently either CEO and 
General Manager. 
2 Elisa Valeriani was appointed at the Shareholders’ Meeting of 23 June 2021 following the resignation of Alessandra Ruzzu with effect 
from 20 May 2021.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports are referred 
to as “Senior Executives”. 
The Board of Directors is required under the by-laws of BPER to meet monthly and at any other time when a 
meeting is convened by the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or 
under the by-laws of BPER. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee3, the chief 
executive officer and the general management such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and 
operations as it shall consider appropriate. 
 
Administrative, management  and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
The Bank is not aware of any conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer and the private interests 
and or other duties concerning the members of the Issuer's administrative, management and control bodies, 
as well as the Senior Executives, with the exception of those possibly relating to the transactions submitted 
to the competent corporate bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict compliance 
with the laws and regulations in force. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal 
document called "Group Policy for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of 
interest with related parties and risk towards related parties", after obtaining the favorable opinion of the 
committee composed of independent Directors and the control body, in order to ensure, among other things, 
the transparency and substantial and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with associated 
parties 
and 
related 
parties. 
The 
aforementioned 
policy 
is 
published 
on 
BPER's 
website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the 
Bank, as well as the Senior Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to 
below, aimed at regulating cases in which the interests of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) article 53 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , which provides for the 
obligation of abstention for directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, 
without prejudice to the obligations under art. 2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
(ii) article 136 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the 
adoption of a particular authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken 
unanimously with the exclusion of the vote of the representative concerned and with the favorable vote 
of all the members of the control body ) in the event that a bank contracts obligations of any kind or 
carries out transactions, directly or indirectly, with those who carry out administration, management and 
control functions within the same bank; 
(iii) article 150 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 58  of 24 February 1998 , which states that directors 
are required to report to the board of statutory auditors on transactions in which they have an interest, 
on their own or on behalf of third parties, or which are influenced by the person exercising the 
management and coordination activity; 
(iv) article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and the 
board of statutory auditors of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, they 
                                                     
 
3 Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Milan 4226583.8 
have in a specific company transaction, it being understood that, if the member of the board of the 
administration concerned is the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain from carrying out the 
transaction. In any case, the resolution of the board of directors must adequately justify the reasons and 
convenience for the company of the transaction; and 
(v) article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the New 
Prudential Supervisory Provisions. 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Daniela Travella 
 
Chairperson 
 
23/06/2021 
Paolo De Mitri 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
 
Shareholders 
As at 24 September 2021 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows: 
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
18.89% 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.22% 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s France: 
Short-term Bank Deposit Rating: P-3; 
Long-term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa3 with “stable” outlook; 
Long-term Issuer Rating: Ba3 with “stable” outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment (“BCA”): Ba2; 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “stable” outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “stable” outlook. 
Fitch: 
Long-term Issuer Default Rating: BB+ with “stable” outlook; 
Short-term Issuer Default Rating: B; 
Viability Rating: bb+; 
Long-term Senior Preferred Rating: BB+ with “stable” outlook; 
Subordinated debt: BB-; 
Long-term Deposit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-term Deposit Rating: F3.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Milan 4226583.8 
Each of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s France”) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) (“Fitch”) 
is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. 
Each of Moody’s France and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Overview 
The BPER Group operates mainly in the traditional banking sector, such as loans and deposits and providing 
credit to customers who are mainly represented by households and small and medium-sized businesses, 
through the parent company BPER which operates throughout the country whilst Banco di Sardegna 
operates mainly in Sardinia. 
Through a network of companies, the Group offers a wide range of services to its customers in Corporate 
and Investment Banking, Private Banking and Wealth Management, as well as a series of financial products 
including leasing and factoring. 
As at 30 June 2021, net interest income comes to Euro 728.3 million (Euro 1,238.9 million as at 31 
December 2020). 
 
Customer macro-segments 
Retail  
The products and services developed in 2020 have been continuing to provide a response to the needs of 
the community, households and businesses.  
In 2020 BPER continued to review and strengthen the BPER Group’s commercial offer by rationalising 
existing proposals and marketing new products and services. 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
The private banking service of the BPER Group has continued to develop in qualitative and quantitative 
terms, with a view to becoming the principal banking provider of global wealth advice for the most advanced 
customers. 
Corporate 
Corporate customers have been taken care of by BPER employees visiting them and making sales 
proposals based on their specific needs, such as for medium to long-term financial support, in certain cases 
linked to international projects that Italian companies have put in place to offset the decline in domestic 
demand. 
BPER’s offer of financial products consists of Corporate Finance, Acquisition Finance, Project Finance 
(renewables, conventional energy and infrastructure) and Shipping Finance services. BPER continues 
offering expert advice to Corporate customers of the Group in the fields of Merger and Acquisition, Corporate 
and Institutional Advisory and IPOs. 
 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2020, the Group’s network consisted of 1,237  branches located throughout the country, as 
well as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 
93,061,7834 thousand.  
                                                     
 
4 This data is taken from the BPER Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. The BPER Group has opted to change the 
measurement method of its property, plant and equipment from cost to fair value starting from 1 January 2021, with specific reference to 
properties held for investment purposes.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Milan 4226583.8 
As at 30 June 2021 the BPER Group’s network consists of 1,852 branches located in 19 Italian regions and 
one branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with a domestic market share, updated to 31 October 
2020, of 8.16%5. 
As at 31 March 2021, on the Italian banking scene, the BPER Group ranks fifth by total assets consisting of 
Euro 129 billion. 
 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 13,177 persons as at 31 December 2020. 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s 
employees. 
 
Employees 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
10,355 
 
10,748 
 
(393) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
24 
 
22 
 
2 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
 
138 
 
144 
 
(6) 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,231 
 
2,468 
 
(237) 
Total banks  
 
12,748 
 
13,382 
 
(634) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
429 
 
423 
 
6 
Total of balance sheet 
 
13,177 
 
13,805 
 
(628) 
 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
Branches 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
908 
 
1,006 
 
(98) 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
329 
 
343 
 
(14) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,237 
 
1,349 
 
(112) 
5. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
 
- 
Total 
 
1,238 
 
1,350 
 
(112) 
 
The following tables show the same information comparing 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 data. 
  
Employees 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
15,317 
 
10,355 
 
4,962 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
24 
 
24 
  
- 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
160 
 
138 
 
22 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,164 
 
2,231 
  
(67) 
Total banks  
 
17,665 
 
12,748 
 
4,917 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
435 
 
429 
 
6 
Total of balance sheet 
 
18,100 
 
13,177 
 
4,923 
 
 
The acquisition of the business units from ISP resulted in an increase in the workforce of 5,107 resources. 
 
                                                     
 
5 Source: Planus Corp. analysis of Regulatory Reports.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
Branches 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
1,524 
 
908 
 
616 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
328 
 
329 
  
(1) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,852 
 
1,237 
 
615 
3. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
  
- 
Total  
 
1,853 
 
1,238 
 
615 
 
 
The change during the six-month period is due to the acquisition of the business units from ISP. 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
2020 
2019
Net Interest income 
1,238,876 
1,164,539
Net commission income 
1,072,514 
931,950
Net interest and other banking income 
2,468,047 
2,224,583
Net income from financial activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313
Operating costs 
(1,717,966) 
(1,708,387)
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
203,622 
416,898
Profit (Loss) for the year 
270,667 
394,452
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
245,650 
379,583
BPER Group consolidated figures for the year ended 31 December 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
2020
2019
Net Loans to customer 
53,005,879
52,006,038
             - of which net bad loans 
726,731
1,171,281
Net interbank position 
(10,324,401)
(9,891,324)
Financial assets 
24,661,915
18,956,906
Total assets 
93,050,838
79,033,498
Direct deposits 
63,140,669
58,055,608
Indirect deposits 
114,775,96
110,623,352
             - of which managed 
42,719,321
41,714,305
             - of which administered 
72,056,648
68,909,047
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
 
2020
2019
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
 
(634,984)
377,867
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
 
(223,132)
(375,999)
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
 
772,965
105,511
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
 
(85,151)
107,379
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 as previously published on the relevant annual report. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. 
Investors should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider 
these measures as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to 
cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles), or as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Milan 4226583.8 
alternative to any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These 
measures are not indicative of BPER Group’s historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative 
of future results. These measures are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the 
business and the operations. Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, 
BPER Group’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. 
Therefore, investors should not place undue reliance on this data. 
Performance ratios6 
 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2020 
20197 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
56.96% 
65.80% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
83.95% 
89.58% 
Financial assets/total assets 
26.50% 
23.99% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
7.84% 
11.07% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
4.02% 
5.77% 
Texas ratio8 
55.39% 
79.04% 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE9  
4.58% 
8.66% 
ROTE10  
5.25% 
9.92% 
ROA11  
0.29% 
0.50% 
Cost to income ratio12 
65.30% 
74.11% 
Cost of credit risk13 
1.01% 
0.86% 
 
                                                     
 
6 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated 
sources of information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified 
statements prepared from a management point of view. 
7 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 
December 2019. 
8 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for non-
performing loans. 
9 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit. 
10 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit and intangible 
assets. 
11 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
12 The Cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the 
Cost to income ratio is at 69.61% (76.80% at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 
2019). 
13 The Cost of credit risk has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Milan 4226583.8 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2020 
2019 
Own Funds (Phased in)14 (in thousands of Euro) 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 5,928,350 
4,828,807 
Own Funds 
 7,094,229 
5,839,914 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
33,501,647 
34,721,277 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in15  
17.70% 
13.91% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in16 
18.15% 
14.35% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in17  
21.18% 
16.82% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Loaded18  
15.90% 
12.01% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in19 
6.9% 
6.1% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Loaded20  
6.1% 
5.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
200.1% 
158.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
123.7% 
114.0% 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Performance ratios21 
                                                     
 
14 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2395/2017, which amends the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR) relating to "Transitional provisions to mitigate the impact of IFRS 9 on Own Funds". Regulation introduced the transitional 
arrangement (or so-called "Phased In") giving banks a chance to spread the effect on Own Funds over a period of 5 years (from March 
2018 to December 2022), sterilizing the impact on CET1 by applying decreasing percentages over time. The BPER Banca Group chose 
to adopt the so-called "static approach" to be applied to the impact from comparing the IAS 39 adjustments at 31 December 2017 and 
the IFRS 9 adjustments at 1 January 2018. 
15 It should be noted that the Phased in capital ratios are equal to 15.14% for the CET1 Ratio Phased in, 15.60% for the T1 Ratio 
Phased in and 18.66% for the TC Ratio Phased in if we separate the impact of the increase in capital for the acquisition of going 
concern from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
16 See previous note. 
17 See previous note. 
18 The CET1 ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account 
the result for the year, net of the pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption 
of IFRS9. It should also be noted that such ratio is equal to 13.52% if we separate the impact of the increase in capital for the acquisition 
of going concern from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
19 The ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
20 The Leverage Ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into 
account the result for the year, net of the pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time 
adoption of IFRS9. 
21 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators”, 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated 
sources of information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement captions of the reclassified 
statements providing an operational management pint of view.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2021 
202022 
 
 
 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
56.59% 
56.96% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
77.45% 
83.95% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.08% 
26.50% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
5.65% 
7.84% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
2.82% 
4.02% 
Texas ratio23 
51.27% 
55.37% 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE24  
11.11% 
4.41% 
ROTE25 
12.30% 
5.06% 
ROA26  
0.53% 
0.28% 
Cost to income ratio27 
69.53% 
66.97% 
Cost of credit risk28 
0.76% 
0.56% 
 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
30.06.2021 
202029 
 
 
 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)30 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
6,625,653 
5,931,675 
Total Own Funds 
 
7,837,843 
7,097,554 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 
45,619,802 
33,487,963 
 
 
 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
14.52% 
17.71% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.85% 
18.16% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
17.18% 
21.19% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Phased  
13.52% 
15.81% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in31 
4.9% 
6.9% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Phased32  
4.5% 
6.1% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
215.9% 
200.1% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
138.6% 
123.7% 
 
 
Loans to customers 
                                                     
 
22 The comparative balance sheet ratios, including ROE, ROTE and ROA, and the income statement ratios have been calculated 
respectively on figures at 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2020 which take into account the effects of the retrospective application of 
the change in the measurement method of property, plant and equipment held for investment. 
23 The Texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment provisions for non-performing 
loans.  
24 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the period (annualised for its € 172.8 mln ordinary component only) on the Group’s average 
shareholders’ equity not including net profit.  
25 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the period (annualised for its € 172.8 mln ordinary component only) on the Group’s 
average shareholders’ equity not including net profit and intangible assets.  
26 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the period including net profit for the period pertaining to minority interests (annualised for 
its € 189.7 mln ordinary component only) on total assets.  
27The Cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio 
is at 75.54% (70.40% at 30 June 2020 as per the restated income statement to be found in the paragraph “Restatement of the BPER 
Group’s reclassified consolidated income statement as at 30 June 2020” in the section “Annexes” to the Consolidated half-year report 
as at 30 June 2021).  
28The Cost of credit risk has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers.  
29 The comparative ratios have been calculated respectively on figures at 31 December 2020 which include the effects of the 
retrospective application of the change in the measurement method of property, plant and equipment held for investment. 
30Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2395/2017, which amends Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR) relating to “Transitional provisions to mitigate the impact of IFRS 9 on Own Funds”. The Regulation introduced the transitional 
(Phase-in) regime offering banks the option to mitigate the impacts of IFRS 9 on Own Funds over a period of 5 years (from March 2018 
to December 2022), by neutralising the impact on CET1 with the application of decreasing add-back factors over time. The BPER Group 
elected to apply the "static approach" to the impact arising from a reconciliation of impairment losses under IAS 39 as at 31 December 
2017 to impairment losses under IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018.  
31 Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 62/2015.  
32 See previous note.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Milan 4226583.8 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the loans of 
the BPER Group (after provisions have been made). 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
Current accounts 
3,668,713 
4,841,510 
(1,172,797) 
-24.22 
Mortgage loans 
35,355,336 
32,540,195 
2,815,141 
8.65 
Repurchase Agreement 
83,949 
591,175 
(507,226) 
-85.80 
Leases and factoring 
3,966,030 
3,833,890 
132,140 
3.45 
Other transactions 
9,931,851 
10,199,268 
(267,417) 
-2.62 
Net loans to customers  
53,005,879 
52,006,038 
999,841 
1.92 
 
Loans to customers, net of impairment provisions, totalled Euro 53,005.9 million (Euro 52,006.0 million at 31 
December 2019) up by Euro 999.8 million since 31 December 2019. 
As regards the various technical forms, the increase particularly affects mortgage loans for Euro 2,815.1 
million, while there was a decrease in current accounts for Euro 1,172.8 million and repurchase agreements 
for Euro 507.2 million. The increase in mortgage loans is also attributable to the disbursement of loans to 
support the economy during the health emergency, including disbursements guaranteed by the State, mainly 
to the retail and small business segment. 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
Gross non-performing exposures 
 4,342,940 
 6,122,541 
(1,779,601) 
-29.07 
Bad loans 
 2,076,384 
 3,448,761 
(1,372,377) 
-39.79 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 2,125,247 
 2,478,777 
(353,530) 
-14.26 
Past due loans 
 141,309 
 195,003 
(53,694) 
-27.53 
Gross performing exposures 
51,047,978 
49,169,481 
1,878,497 
3.82 
Total gross exposure 
55,390,918 
55,292,022 
98,896 
0.18 
Impairment provisions for non-performing 
 2,212,728 
 3,124,116 
(911,388) 
-29.17 
Bad loans 
 1,349,653 
 2,277,480 
(927,827) 
-40.74 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 831,394 
 818,231 
13,163 
1.61 
Past due loans 
 
31,681 
 
28,405 
3,276 
11.53 
Impairment provisions for performing 
 172,311 
 161,868 
10,443 
6.45 
Total impairment provisions 
 2,385,039 
 3,285,984 
(900,945) 
-27.42 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,130,212 
 2,998,425 
(868,213) 
-28.96 
Bad loans 
 726,731 
 1,171,281 
(444,550) 
-37.95 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,293,853 
 1,660,546 
(366,693) 
-22.08 
Past due loans 
 109,628 
 166,598 
(56,970) 
-34.20 
Net performing exposures 
50,875,667 
49,007,613 
1,868,054 
3.81 
Total net exposure 
53,005,879 
52,006,038 
999,841 
1.92 
 
At 31 December 2020, the impairment provisions relating to non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,212.7 
million (Euro 3,124.1 million at 31 December 2019; -29.17%), for a coverage ratio of 50.95% (51.03% at 31 
December 2019), while impairment provisions relating to performing loans amount to Euro 172.3 million 
(Euro 161.9 million at 31 December 2019; +6.45%), leading to a coverage ratio of 0.34% (0.33% at 31 
December 2019), which still reflects the high credit quality of the Group's performing portfolio, despite having 
been affected by the negative consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Considering the direct write-offs of bad loans still outstanding, Euro 302.9 million (Euro 444.0 million at 31 
December 2019), the coverage ratio increases to 54.15% (54.34% at 31 December 2019). 
The total coverage ratio is therefore 4.31%, down compared with 5.94% at 31 December 2019. Based on the 
same considerations made above concerning direct write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans comes to 
4.83% (6.69% at 31 December 2019).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Loans 
to 
customers 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca 
45,281,975 
43,586,332 
44,871,402 
42,422,442 
0.91 
2.74 
3.74 
2. BPER Bank 
Luxembourg 
214,109 
205,363 
248,608 
240,039 
-13.88 
-14.45 
4.08 
3. 
Bibanca 
1,458,406 
1,436,112 
1,299,644 
1,282,601 
12.22 
11.97 
1.53 
4. 
Banco 
di 
Sardegna 
s p a
7,630,038 
7,236,104 
8,052,242 
7,550,322 
-5.24 
-4.16 
5.16 
Total banks 
54,584,528 
52,463,911 
54,471,896 
51,495,404 
0.21 
1.88 
3.89 
5. Sardaleasing 
s.p.a.  
3,374,997 
3,143,840 
3,356,780 
3,081,446 
0.54 
2.02 
6.85 
6. 
Emil-Ro 
Factor s.p.a.  
1,066,501 
1,047,843 
1,090,696 
1,071,966 
-2.22 
-2.25 
1.75 
7. 
Finitalia 
612,956 
598,349 
593,824 
578,396 
3.22 
3.45 
2.38 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,248,064) 
(4,248,064) 
(4,221,174) 
(4,221,174) 
0.64 
0.64 
- 
Total 
of 
balance 
sheet 
55,390,918 
53,005,879 
55,292,022 
52,006,038 
0.18 
1.92 
4.31 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,130.2 million (-28.96% compared with 31 December 2019), 
equal to 4.02% of total net loans to customers (5.77% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis, the 
ratio between non-performing loans and loans to customers comes to 7.84% (11.07% at 31 December 
2019).  
More specifically, net bad loans amount to Euro 726.7 million (-37.95% compared with 31 December 2019), 
net unlikely to pay loans amount to Euro 1,293.9 million (-22.08% compared with 31 December 2019) and 
net past due loans amount to Euro 109.6 million (-34.20% compared with 31 December 2019). 
The level of coverage (50.95%) is essentially in line with the figure at the end of 2019 (51.03%).  
The reduction in the proportion of the non-performing portfolio to total loans, both gross and net, is affected 
by the sale of bad loans and unlikely to pay loans carried out in 2020 (the main ones being the Spring and 
Summer GACS-backed securitisations completed in the second half of the year for a gross carrying amount 
at the date of sale of Euro 1.3 billion). On the other hand, this derisking did not have a significant impact on 
the average coverage of the non-performing portfolio, which remained close to 51%.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
2,998,231 
1,424,112 4,421,953 
2,095,214 
-32.20 
-32.03 
52.50 
2. 
BPER 
Bank 
10,000 
1,517 
9,898 
1,776 
1.03 
-14.58 
84.83 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
50,236 
32,116 
35,434 
23,397 
41.77 
37.27 
36.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
743,536 
373,831 
983,153 
497,976 
-24.37 
-24.93 
49.72 
Total banks 
3,802,003 
1,831,576 5,450,438 
2,618,363 
-30.24 
-30.05 
51.83 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
501,749 
284,846 
624,791 
360,570 
-19.69 
-21.00 
43.23 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
24,446 
8,392 
29,109 
12,494 
-16.02 
-32.83 
65.67 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
14,742 
5,398 
18,203 
6,998 
-19.01 
-22.86 
63.38 
Total 
of 
balance 
4,342,940 
2,130,212 6,122,541 
2,998,425 
-29.07 
-28.96 
50.95 
Direct write-offs of 
bad loans 
302,916 
- 
444,039 
- 
-31.78 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
4,645,856 
2,130,212 6,566,580 
2,998,425 
-29.25 
-28.96 
54.15 
Non-performing 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans 
to 
7.84% 
4.02% 
11.07% 
5.77% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 726.7 million (-37.95% compared with 31 December 2019), representing 
1.37% of total net loans to customers (2.25% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of 
bad loans to total loans to customers comes to 3.75% (6.24% at 31 December 2019). 
The coverage of bad loans is 65.00% (66.04% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)  
Bad loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,326,248 
423,770 
2,463,892 
776,859 
-46.17 
-45.45 
68.05 
2. 
BPER 
Bank 
6,104 
- 
6,004 
262 
1.67 
-100.00 
100.00 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
9,452 
2,640 
7,312 
1,521 
29.27 
73.57 
72.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
451,382 
190,828 
613,293 
249,194 
-26.40 
-23.42 
57.72 
Total banks 
1,793,186 
617,238 
3,090,501 
1,027,836 
-41.98 
-39.95 
65.58 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
252,486 
101,120 
321,987 
131,725 
-21.59 
-23.23 
59.95 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
20,786 
5,331 
23,613 
7,647 
-11.97 
-30.29 
74.35 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
9,926 
3,042 
12,660 
4,073 
-21.60 
-25.31 
69.35 
Total 
of 
balance 
2,076,384 
726,731 
3,448,761 
1,171,281 
-39.79 
-37.95 
65.00 
Direct 
write-offs 
of 
302,916 
- 
444,039 
- 
-31.78 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
2,379,300 
726,731 
3,892,800 
1,171,281 
-38.88 
-37.95 
69.46 
Bad loans (Total of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans 
to 
3.75% 
1.37% 
6.24% 
2.25% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely to pay loans total Euro 1,293.9 million (-22.08% compared with 31 December 2019), 
representing 2.44% of total net loans to customers (3.19% at 31 December 2019), while on a gross basis the 
ratio is 3.84% (4.48% at 31 December 2019). 
The coverage of unlikely to pay loans has increased since the end of 2019 to 39.12%, compared with 
33.01% at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Unlikely to pay loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,618,665 
958,838 1,846,503 
1,221,479 
-12.34 
-21.50 
40.76 
2. 
BPER 
Bank 
3,896 
1,517 
3,894 
1,514 
0.05 
0.20 
61.06 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
6,807 
4,099 
7,139 
4,715 
-4.65 
-13.06 
39.78 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
259,957 
157,305 
332,535 
216,927 
-21.83 
-27.48 
39.49 
Total banks 
1,889,325 
1,121,759 2,190,071 
1,444,635 
-13.73 
-22.35 
40.63 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
230,536 
168,680 
281,588 
210,722 
-18.13 
-19.95 
26.83 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
2,875 
2,322 
4,600 
4,003 
-37.50 
-41.99 
19.23 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,511 
1,092 
2,518 
1,186 
-0.28 
-7.93 
56.51 
Total 
of 
balance 
2,125,247 
1,293,853 2,478,777 
1,660,546 
-14.26 
-22.08 
39.12 
Unlikely 
to 
pay 
loans/Loans 
to 
t
3.84% 
2.44% 
4.48% 
3.19% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 109.6 million (-34.20% compared with 31 December 2019) 
represents 0.21% of total net loans to customers (0.32% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis 
the ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 0.26% (0.35% at 31 December 2019). The coverage 
of past due loans is 22.42% (14.57% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)  
Past due loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
53,318 
41,504 
111,558 
96,876 
-52.21 
-57.16 
22.16 
2. Bibanca s.p.a.  
33,977 
25,377 
20,983 
17,161 
61.93 
47.88 
25.31 
3. Banco di Sardegna 
32,197 
25,698 
37,325 
31,855 
-13.74 
-19.33 
20.19 
Total banks 
119,492 
92,579 
169,866 
145,892 
-29.66 
-36.54 
22.52 
4. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
18,727 
15,046 
21,216 
18,123 
-11.73 
-16.98 
19.66 
5. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
785 
739 
896 
844 
-12.39 
-12.44 
5.86 
6. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,305 
1,264 
3,025 
1,739 
-23.80 
-27.31 
45.16 
Total of balance sheet 
141,309 
109,628 
195,003 
166,598 
-27.53 
-34.20 
22.42 
Past due loans/Loans 
0.26% 
0.21% 
0.35% 
0.32% 
 
 
 
 
The distribution of loans to non-financial corporates is analysed by ATECO category below:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Distribution of loans to non-financial corporates 
31.12.2020 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
791,820 
1.49 
B. Mining and quarrying 
36,394 
0.07 
C. Manufacturing 
7,666,955 
14.48 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
831,777 
1.57 
E. 
Provision 
of 
water, 
sewerage, 
waste 
management 
and 
378,636 
0.71 
F. Construction 
2,155,797 
4.07 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
4,436,218 
8.37 
H. Transport and storage 
1,469,699 
2.77 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,490,703 
2.81 
J. Information and communication 
324,337 
0.61 
L. Real estate 
3,118,663 
5.88 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
777,044 
1.47 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,124,495 
2.12 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
2,303 
- 
P. Education 
33,612 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
411,109 
0.78 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
176,452 
0.33 
S. Other services 
346,544 
0.65 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
25,572,558 
48.24 
Individuals and other not included above 
21,898,759 
41.32 
Financial corporates 
3,220,402 
6.08 
Insurance companies 
54,121 
0.10 
Governments and other public entities 
2,260,039 
4.26 
Total loans 
53,005,879 
100.00 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020. 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts 
4,765,615 
3,668,713 
1,096,902 
29.90 
Mortgage loans 
53,356,498 
35,355,336 
18,001,162 
50.91 
Repurchase agreements 
353,759 
83,949 
269,810 
321.40 
Leases and factoring 
3,949,789 
3,966,030 
(16,241) 
-0.41 
Other transactions 
13,864,641 
9,931,851 
3,932,790 
39.60 
Net loans to customers 
76,290,302 
53,005,879 
23,284,423 
43.93 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, total Euro 76,290.3 million (Euro 53,005.9 million at 31 December 
2020) up by Euro 23,284.4 million since 31 December 2020. As regards the various technical forms, the 
increase particularly affects mortgage loans by an amount of Euro 18,001.2 million, current accounts by an 
amount of Euro 1,096.9 million and other transactions by an amount of Euro 3,932.8 million. The increase in 
mortgage loans, current accounts and other transactions is mainly due to the purchase of the UBI and ISP 
business units, which respectively took place on 22 February and 21 June 2021.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
 4,469,717 
 4,342,940 
126,777 
2.92 
Bad loans 
 2,340,975 
 2,076,384 
264,591 
12.74 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,993,902 
 2,125,247 
(131,345) 
-6.18 
Past due loans 
 134,840 
 141,309 
(6,469) 
-4.58 
Gross performing exposures 
74,582,500 
51,047,978 
23,534,522 
46.10 
Total gross exposure 
79,052,217 
55,390,918 
23,661,299 
42.72 
Impairment provisions for non-performing 
exposures 
 2,316,945 
 2,212,728 
104,217 
4.71 
Bad loans 
 1,424,807 
 1,349,653 
75,154 
5.57 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 858,533 
 831,394 
27,139 
3.26 
Past due loans 
 
33,605 
 
31,681 
1,924 
6.07 
Impairment 
provisions 
for 
performing 
exposures 
 444,970 
 172,311 
272,659 
158.24 
Total impairment provisions 
 2,761,915 
 2,385,039 
376,876 
15.80 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,152,772 
 2,130,212 
22,560 
1.06 
Bad loans 
 916,168 
 726,731 
189,437 
26.07 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,135,369 
 1,293,853 
(158,484) 
-12.25 
Past due loans 
 101,235 
 109,628 
(8,393) 
-7.66 
Net performing exposures 
74,137,530 
50,875,667 
23,261,863 
45.72 
Total net exposure 
76,290,302 
53,005,879 
23,284,423 
43.93 
 
 
At the end of the first half of 2021, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 2,316.9 
million (Euro 2,212.7 million at 31 December 2020; +4.71%), for a coverage ratio of 51.84% (50.95% at 31 
December 2020), while the provisions for performing loans amount to Euro 445.0 million (Euro 172.3 million 
at 31 December 2020; +158.24%) and give a coverage ratio of 0.60%, on a significant uptrend since 2020 
(0.34%). The latter increase is mainly due to the overlays adopted as part of the updated ECL model and to 
the gradual recalibration of the risk parameters (IFRS 9 PD and LGD ) adopted under the ECL model. 
Considering the direct write-offs made for an amount of Euro 645.0 million (Euro 302.9 million at 31 
December 2020) on outstanding bad loans due to insolvency procedures, the coverage ratio would rise to 
57.91% (54.15% at 31 December 2020). 
The total coverage ratio is 3.49%, down compared with the figure at 31 December 2020 (4.31%). Based on 
the same considerations made above concerning write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans comes to 
4.27% (4.83% as at 31 December 2020).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Loans 
to 
customers 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca 
S.p.A.  
68,502,178 
66,467,154 
45,281,975 
43,586,332 
51.28 
52.50 
2.97 
2. BPER Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.  
227,638 
218,714 
214,109 
205,363 
6.32 
6.50 
3.92 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
1,661,250 
1,637,293 
1,458,406 
1,436,112 
13.91 
14.01 
1.44 
4. 
Banco 
di 
Sardegna s.p.a.  
7,850,922 
7,433,603 
7,630,038 
7,236,104 
2.89 
2.73 
5.32 
Total banks 
78,241,988 
75,756,764 
54,584,528 
52,463,911 
43.34 
44.40 
3.18 
5. 
Sardaleasing 
s.p.a.  
3,379,951 
3,135,225 
3,374,997 
3,143,840 
0.15 
-0.27 
7.24 
6. 
Emilia 
Romagna Factor 
s.p.a.  
1,057,656 
1,038,862 
1,066,501 
1,047,843 
-0.83 
-0.86 
1.78 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
616,999 
603,828 
612,956 
598,349 
0.66 
0.92 
2.13 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,244,377) 
(4,244,377) 
(4,248,064) 
(4,248,064) 
-0.09 
-0.09 
- 
Total 
of 
balance sheet 
79,052,217 
76,290,302 
55,390,918 
53,005,879 
42.72 
43.93 
3.49 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,152.8 million (+1.06% on 31 December 2020), e to 2.82% of 
total net loans to customers (4.02% at 31 December 2020), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-
performing loans to loans to customers equates to 5.65% (7.84% at 31 December 2020).  
More specifically, net bad loans amount to Euro 916.2 million (+26.07% compared with 31 December 2020), 
net unlikely to pay loans amount to Euro 1,135.4 million (-12.25% compared with 31 December 2020) and 
net past due loans amount to Euro 101.2 million (-7.66% compared with 31 December 2020). 
The level of coverage of non-performing loans is 51.84% compared with 50.95% at the end of 2020. 
The reduction in the gross and net incidence of the NPL portfolio on total loans is attributable to the 
characteristics of the portfolios acquired with the UBI and ISP branches, as well as the de-risking measures 
implemented by the BPER Group in the first half of 2021; the change in the corresponding coverage ratio, on 
the other hand, is attributable not only to the influence of the portfolios of the branches acquired, but mainly 
to the further adjustments made during the period on the NPL portfolio, as explained in greater detail below 
in the commentary on the cost of credit for the half year.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Non-performing loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
3,223,915 
1,552,525 2,998,231 
1,424,112 
7.53 
9.02 
51.84 
2. 
BPER 
Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.  
10,002 
1,518 
10,000 
1,517 
0.02 
0.07 
84.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
46,471 
27,999 
50,236 
32,116 
-7.49 
-12.82 
39.75 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
s.p.a.  
694,005 
320,766 
743,536 
373,831 
-6.66 
-14.19 
53.78 
Total banks 
3,974,393 
1,902,808 3,802,003 
1,831,576 
4.53 
3.89 
52.12 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
458,591 
237,536 
501,749 
284,846 
-8.60 
-16.61 
48.20 
6. 
Emilia 
Romagna 
Factor s.p.a.  
24,364 
7,938 
24,446 
8,392 
-0.34 
-5.41 
67.42 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
12,369 
4,490 
14,742 
5,398 
-16.10 
-16.82 
63.70 
Total 
of 
balance 
sheet  
4,469,717 
2,152,772 4,342,940 
2,130,212 
2.92 
1.06 
51.84 
Direct write-offs of 
bad loans 
645,019 
- 
302,916 
- 
112.94 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
5,114,736 
2,152,772 4,645,856 
2,130,212 
10.09 
1.06 
57.91 
Non-performing 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans 
to 
customers 
5.65% 
2.82% 
7.84% 
4.02% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 916.2 million (+26.07% on 31 December 2020), accounting for 1.20% of total 
net loans to customers (1.37% at 31 December 2020), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of bad loans to 
total loans to customers comes to 2.96% (3.75% at 31 December 2020). 
The coverage of bad loans is 60.86%, down from 65.00% at 31 December 2020.  
  
(in thousands)  
Bad loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,608,169 
647,551 
1,326,248 
423,770 
21.26 
52.81 
59.73 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a.  
6,104 
- 
6,104 
- 
- 
n.s. 
100.00 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
10,073 
2,631 
9,452 
2,640 
6.57 
-0.34 
73.88 
4. 
Banco 
di 
Sardegna 
s.p.a.  
440,219 
172,248 
451,382 
190,828 
-2.47 
-9.74 
60.87 
Total banks 
2,064,565 
822,430 
1,793,186 
617,238 
15.13 
33.24 
60.16 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
249,434 
87,905 
252,486 
101,120 
-1.21 
-13.07 
64.76 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor 
s.p.a.  
18,870 
3,309 
20,786 
5,331 
-9.22 
-37.93 
82.46 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
8,106 
2,524 
9,926 
3,042 
-18.34 
-17.03 
68.86 
Total of balance sheet 
2,340,975 
916,168 
2,076,384 
726,731 
12.74 
26.07 
60.86 
Direct write-offs of bad 
loans 
645,019 
- 
302,916 
- 
112.94 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
2,985,994 
916,168 
2,379,300 
726,731 
25.50 
26.07 
69.32 
Bad loans (Total of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans 
to customers 
2.96% 
1.20% 
3.75% 
1.37%

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Milan 4226583.8 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 1,135.4 million (-12.25% on 31 December 2020), representing 1.49% of 
total net loans to customers (2.44% at 31 December 2020), while on ad gross basis the ratio is 2.52% 
(3.84% at 31 December 2020). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has increased since the end of 2020 to 43.06%, compared with 
39.12% at 31 December 2020. 
  
(in thousands)  
Unlikely to pay loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,543,643 
850,015 
1,618,665 
958,838 
-4.63 
-11.35 
44.93 
2. 
BPER 
Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.  
3,898 
1,518 
3,896 
1,517 
0.05 
0.07 
61.06 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
10,636 
6,746 
6,807 
4,099 
56.25 
64.58 
36.57 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
s.p.a.  
229,732 
130,844 
259,957 
157,305 
-11.63 
-16.82 
43.04 
Total banks 
1,787,909 
989,123 
1,889,325 1,121,759 
-5.37 
-11.82 
44.68 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
200,478 
143,318 
230,536 
168,680 
-13.04 
-15.04 
28.51 
6. 
Emilia 
Romagna 
Factor s.p.a.  
2,191 
1,519 
2,875 
2,322 
-23.79 
-34.58 
30.67 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
3,324 
1,409 
2,511 
1,092 
32.38 
29.03 
57.61 
Total 
of 
balance 
sheet 
1,993,902 
1,135,369 
2,125,247 1,293,853 
-6.18 
-12.25 
43.06 
Unlikely 
to 
pay 
loans/Loans 
to 
customers 
2.52% 
1.49% 
3.84% 
2.44%

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Milan 4226583.8 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 101.2 million (-7.66% compared with 31 December 2020) 
represents 0.13% of total net loans to customers (0.21% at 31 December 2020), whereas on a gross basis 
the ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 0.17% (0.26% at 31 December 2020). The coverage 
of past due loans is 24.92% (22.42% at 31 December 2020). 
  
(in thousands)  
Past due loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
72,103 
54,959 
53,318 
41,504 
35.23 
32.42 
23.78 
2. Bibanca s.p.a.  
25,762 
18,622 
33,977 
25,377 
-24.18 
-26.62 
27.72 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
24,054 
17,674 
32,197 
25,698 
-25.29 
-31.22 
26.52 
Total banks 
121,919 
91,255 
119,492 
92,579 
2.03 
-1.43 
25.15 
4. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
8,679 
6,313 
18,727 
15,046 
-53.66 
-58.04 
27.26 
5. Emilia Romagna Factor 
s.p.a.  
3,303 
3,110 
785 
739 
320.76 
320.84 
5.84 
6. Finitalia s.p.a. 
939 
557 
2,305 
1,264 
-59.26 
-55.93 
40.68 
Total of balance sheet   
134,840 
101,235 
141,309 
109,628 
-4.58 
-7.66 
24.92 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.17% 
0.13% 
0.26% 
0.21% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of 
economic activity: 
 
(in thousands)  
Breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates 
30.06.2021 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,025,982 
1.34 
B. Mining and quarrying 
58,214 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
11,263,882 
14.77 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
787,738 
1.03 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
560,735 
0.74 
F. Construction 
3,194,404 
4.19 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
6,412,351 
8.41 
H. Transport and storage 
1,129,577 
1.48 
I.  Hotel and restaurants 
1,907,859 
2.50 
J.  Information and communication 
520,372 
0.68 
L. Real estate 
4,374,977 
5.73 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
1,469,928 
1.93 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,869,594 
2.45 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
6,413 
0.01 
P. Education 
93,643 
0.12 
Q. Health and welfare 
533,358 
0.70 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
217,019 
0.28 
S. Other services 
404,477 
0.53 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
35,830,523 
46.97 
Individuals and other not included above 
33,966,140 
44.52 
Financial corporates 
3,915,396 
5.13 
Insurance 
51,741 
0.07 
Governments and other public entities 
2,526,502 
3.31 
Total loans 
76,290,302 
100.00

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the net 
interbank position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
%  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
9,856,598 
2,321,809 
7,534,789 
324.52 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
438,253 
441,913 
(3,660) 
-0.83 
2. Other 
9,418,345 
1,879,896 
7,538,449 
401.00 
B. Due to banks 
20,180,999 
12,213,133 
7,967,866 
65.24 
Total (A-B) 
(10,324,401) 
(9,891,324) 
(433,077) 
4.38 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020. 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
24,433,936 
9,856,598 
14,577,338 
147.89 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
580,139 
438,253 
141,886 
32.38 
2. Other 
23,853,797 
9,418,345 
14,435,452 
153.27 
B. Due to banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Total (A-B) 
1,723,691 
(10,324,401) 
12,048,092 
-116.70 
 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 31 December 2020. 
Since 31 December 2019, the BPER Group has benefited from the additional financial instruments made 
available by the ECB by repaying early the TLTRO-II loans expiring subsequent to 30 June 2020 and 
arranging two new tranches of TLTRO-III and currency loans.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 
14,000 
28.06.2023 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 
2,710 
27.09.2023 
3. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
21.01.2021 
4. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
04.02.2021 
5. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
11.02.2021 
Total 
 
17,010 
 
 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 30 June 2021. Compared to 31 
December 2020, taking advantage of the wide range of financial instruments made available by the ECB, the 
BPER Group has participated in a tranche of TLTRO-III. 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
14,000 
28.06.2023 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 2,710 
27.09.2023 
3. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
18,380 
 
 
 
As a result, the BPER Group has obtained Euro 18,380 million of TLTRO III loans, which is 99.99% of its 
participation limit. 
 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
The following table sets forth the information as at 30 June 2021. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
29,911 
19,858 
10,053 
- of which Securities and loans transferred to 
the pooling account 
19,939 
18,295 
1,644 
 
At 30 June 2021, BPER Central Treasury held significant resources relating to eligible securities for 
refinancing at the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 29,911 million 
(Euro 28,095 million at 31 December 2020). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 10,053 million 
(Euro 10,048 million at 31 December 2020). 
Part of these resources are managed via the pooling account for an overall amount, net of margin calls, of 
Euro 19,939 million, of which Euro 18,295 million has been refinanced (Euro 1,644 million is still 
unencumbered).  
 
Funding 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the funding 
position of the BPER Group.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands)  
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
55,115,790 
47,724,679 
7,391,111 
15.49 
Time deposits 
145,605 
954,077 
(808,472) 
-84.74 
Repurchase agreements 
149,286 
238,736 
(89,450) 
-37.47 
Lease liabilities 
257,071 
306,037 
(48,966) 
-16.00 
Other short-term loans 
2,790,727 
2,997,190 
(206,463) 
-6.89 
Bonds 
4,385,826 
5,089,892 
(704,066) 
-13.83 
 - subscribed by institutional customers 
3,565,484 
3,278,364 
287,120 
8.76 
 - subscribed by ordinary customers 
820,342 
1,811,528 
(991,186) 
-54.72 
Certificates 
2,175 
36,541 
(34,366) 
-94.05 
Certificates of deposit 
294,189 
708,456 
(414,267) 
-58.47 
Direct deposits from customers 
63,140,669 
58,055,608 
5,085,061 
8.76 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
114,775,969 
110,623,35
4,152,617 
3.75 
 - of which managed 
42,719,321 
41,714,305 
1,005,016 
2.41 
 - of which administered 
72,056,648 
68,909,047 
3,147,601 
4.57 
Customer funds under administration  
177,916,638 
168,678,96
9,237,678 
5.48 
Bank borrowing 
20,180,999 
12,213,133 
7,967,866 
65.24 
Funds under administration or management 
198,097,637 
180,892,09
17,205,54
9.51 
 
Direct customer deposits of Euro 63,140.7 million have increased by 8.76% since 31 December 2019. 
Among the various technical forms, compared to 31 December 2019, bonds have decreased by Euro 704.1 
million (-13.83%), in particular on issues subscribed by ordinary customers, as have repurchase agreements 
by Euro 89.5 million (-37.47%), certificates of deposit by Euro 414.3 million (-58.47%) and time deposits for 
Euro 808.5 million (-84.74%). 
On the other hand, current accounts and demand deposits, mainly deposits belonging to retail and corporate 
customers, have increased significantly by Euro 7,391.1 million (+15.49%) compared to 31 December 2019. 
The trends within this aggregate again show for this year a propensity on the part of customers for more 
liquid forms of deposit. 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 114,776.0 million, up on 31 December 
2019 (+3.75%). A recovery by the markets and net inflows to assets under management during the year 
made it possible to completely reabsorb the decline recorded at the end of the first quarter of 2020 due to 
market tensions caused by Covid-19. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 
20,181.0 million) amount to Euro 198,097.6 million.  
  
(in thousands)  
Direct deposits 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
51,471,778 
47,301,234 
4,170,544 
8.82 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 897,973 
 817,559 
80,414 
9.84 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 151,882 
 133,271 
18,611 
13.96 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
10,814,813 
10,009,648 
805,165 
8.04 
Total banks 
63,336,446 
58,261,712 
5,074,734 
8.71 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
 (195,777) 
 (206,104) 
10,327 
-5.01 
Total 
63,140,669 
58,055,608 
5,085,061 
8.76 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 926,443 
 761,177 
165,266 
21.71 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 926,443 
 761,177 
165,266 
21.71 
 
 
There are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2020 (same as at 31 December 2019). 
  
(in thousands)  
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
92,440,968 
89,355,334 
3,085,634 
3.45 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 847,777 
 575,377 
272,400 
47.34 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,797,054 
 4,750,082 
46,972 
0.99 
Total banks 
98,085,799 
94,680,793 
3,405,006 
3.60 
4. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
30,378,411 
29,822,478 
555,933 
1.86 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
 (13,688,241) 
 (13,879,919) 
191,678 
-1.38 
Total 
114,775,969 
110,623,352 
4,152,617 
3.75 
 
 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 114,776.0 million, up by 3.75% since the 
end of 2019; the positive market trend in the second half of the year and the net inflows to assets under 
management for the year of Euro 665 million led to complete absorption of the negative effect recorded in 
the first quarter, caused by the Covid-19 emergency.  
Assets under management amount to Euro 42,719.3 million (+2.41% from the end of 2019), of which Euro 
17,444.8 million relating to Arca Holding, net of the portion of funds placed by the BPER Group network 
(+1.80% since the end of 2019). Assets under administration amount to Euro 72,056.6 million (+4.57% since 
the end of 2019) which includes the assets under administration of a leading insurance company. 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands) 
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% 
Change 
Due to banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Direct deposits 
98,497,569 
63,140,669 35,356,900 
56.00 
a) Due to customers 
93,768,069 
58,458,479 35,309,590 
60.40 
b) Debt securities issued 
4,729,500 
4,682,190 
47,310 
1.01 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
138,979 
170,094 
(31,115) 
-18.29 
Hedging derivatives 
327,519 
469,240 
(141,721) 
-30.20 
Other liabilities 
6,252,607 
2,766,652 
3,485,955 
126.00 
Minority interests 
146,354 
133,983 
12,371 
9.23 
Shareholders' equity pertaining to the Parent 
Company 
6,728,350 
6,200,146 
528,204 
8.52 
a) Valuation reserves 
234,009 
118,105 
115,904 
98.14 
b) Reserves 
2,508,116 
2,360,74333 
147,373 
6.24 
c) Equity instruments 
150,000 
150,000 
- 
- 
d) Share premium reserve 
1,240,871 
1,241,197 
(326) 
-0.03 
e) Share capital 
2,100,435 
2,100,435 
- 
- 
f) Treasury shares 
(6,889) 
(7,259) 
370 
-5.10 
g) Profit (Loss) for the period 
501,808 
236,925 
264,883 
111.80 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
134,801,623 
93,061,78334 41,739,840 
44.85 
 
Direct deposits include the amounts due to customers classified in liability caption 70 "Liabilities associated 
with assets classified as held for sale" of the balance sheet. 
 
  
(in thousands) 
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
90,103,425 
55,115,790 
34,987,635 
63.48 
Time deposits 
283,833 
145,605 
138,228 
94.93 
Repurchase agreements 
71,020 
149,286 
(78,266) 
-52.43 
Lease liabilities 
357,191 
257,071 
100,120 
38.95 
Other short-term loans 
2,952,600 
2,790,727 
161,873 
5.80 
Bonds 
 4,534,972 
4,385,826 
149,146 
3.40 
 - subscribed for by institutional customers 
 3,898,591 
3,565,484 
333,107 
9.34 
 - subscribed for by non-institutional customers 
 636,381 
820,342 
(183,961) 
-22.42 
Certificates 
 
2,070 
2,175 
(105) 
-4.83 
Certificates of deposit 
192,458 
294,189 
(101,731) 
-34.58 
Direct deposits from customers  
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
146,185,834 
114,775,969 
31,409,865 
27.37 
 - of which under management 
63,190,688 
42,719,321 
20,471,367 
47.92 
 - of which under administration 
82,995,146 
72,056,648 
10,938,498 
15.18 
Customer funds under administration 
244,683,403 
177,916,638 
66,766,765 
37.53 
Deposits from banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Funds under administration or management 
267,393,648 
198,097,637 
69,296,011 
34.98 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 98,497.6 million have increased by 56.00% since 31 December 
2020. 
                                                     
 
33 This data is taken from the BPER Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. 
34 This data is taken from the BPER Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. The BPER Group has opted to change the 
measurement method of its property, plant and equipment from cost to fair value starting from 1 January 2021, with specific reference to 
properties held for investment purposes.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Milan 4226583.8 
Among the various technical forms, current accounts and demand deposits have seen a significantly positive 
change compared with 31 December 2020, for Euro 34,987.6 million (+63.48%), mainly due to the effect of 
acquiring the UBI and ISP business units. An increase was also registered in term deposits by Euro 138.2 
million (+94.93%) and bonds by Euro 149.1 million (+3.40%), the latter on the back of a new issue of a 
“Social Bonds” by the BPER Group in March 2021 subscribed by institutional investors for a nominal amount 
of Euro 500 million, partly offset by the repayment at maturity of bonds held by both institutional and 
retail/corporate customers.  
On the other hand, compared with 31 December 2020, there has been a decline in repurchase agreements 
by Euro 78.3 million (-52.43%) and certificates of deposit by Euro 101.7 million (-34.58%). 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 146,185.8 million, a considerable 
increase compared with 31 December 2020 (Euro 31,409.9 million, +27.37%) primarily due to the 
contribution of the UBI and ISP business units (Euro 29,254.8 million at 30 June 2021) and net assets under 
management gathered for an amount of Euro 0.9 billion  during the six-month period.  
Total funds under administration or management of the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 22,710.2 
million) amount to Euro 267,393.6 million, an increase of +34.98% compared with 31 December 2020. 
 
(in thousands) 
Direct deposits 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
86,304,899 
51,471,778 
34,833,121 
67.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 727,566 
 897,973 
(170,407) 
-18.98 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 247,415 
 151,882 
95,533 
62.90 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
11,409,884 
10,814,813 
595,071 
5.50 
Total banks 
98,689,764 
63,336,446 
35,353,318 
55.82 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
 (192,195) 
 (195,777) 
3,582 
-1.83 
Total  
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 920,056 
 926,443 
(6,387) 
-0.69 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 920,056 
 926,443 
(6,387) 
-0.69 
 
 
There are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 30 June 2021 (the same as at 31 December 2020). 
  
(in thousands) 
Indirect deposits 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
122,047,257 
92,440,968 
29,606,289 
32.03 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 1,843,886 
 847,777 
996,109 
117.50 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,823,164 
 4,797,054 
26,110 
0.54 
Total banks 
128,714,307 
98,085,799 
30,628,508 
31.23 
4. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
32,217,542 
30,378,411 
1,839,131 
6.05 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
 
(14,746,015) 
 (13,688,241) 
(1,057,774) 
7.73 
Total  
146,185,834 
114,775,969 
31,409,865 
27.37 
 
 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 146,185.8 million, up by Euro 31,409.9 
million since the end of 2020 (+27.37%) primarily due to the contribution of the UBI and ISP business units 
(Euro 29,254.8 million at 30 June 2021) acquired by BPER Banca and net assets under management 
gathered by the BPER Group or an amount of Euro 0.9 billion during the six-month period.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment companies contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) 
and in the 2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014.  
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (“CRR2”) and Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV), 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
CRR2 Regulation applies from 28 June 2021.   
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy's Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates.  
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting 
purposes: companies excluded are treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to 
significant influence and consolidated under the equity method. 
On 30 June 2021, the BPER Group adopted internal models for measuring the capital requirements relating 
to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The scope of the models35 includes 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca. Sardaleasing is formally included in the roll-out plan and will 
adopt the IRB method in accordance with the planned timetable. The other BPER Group companies and 
asset classes not included in the roll-out plan will continue to use the Standardised Approach. 
In relation to the supervisory review and evaluation process, the ECB did not issue any decision on 
prudential requirements in 2020, so the Bank had to comply with prior requirements in place, also taking into 
account the regulatory change introduced to take effect from 12 March 2020 regarding the method of holding 
the requirement of additional Pillar 2 Own Funds (equal to 2%) in the form of at least 56.25% of CET1 and 
75% of T1.  
At 30 June 2021, the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio requirement to be met was therefore equal to 8.125% 
Phased in and Fully Phased. 
This requirement is also influenced by the additional Countercyclical Capital Buffer requirement specified for 
the BPER Group of 0.003% at 30 June 2021, raising the overall minimum to 8.128%. 
Compared with that limit, the amount of available equity (CET 1) at 30 June 2021 can be quantified at Euro 
2,916 million (about 639 bps of CET1) under the phased in transitional arrangements, while on a Fully 
Phased basis it is estimated at Euro 2,456 million, or about 539 bps of CET 1. 
With regard to the above, the amount calculated for CET1 includes that portion of the profit for the period 
allocable to equity, Euro 445.3 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged in art. 3 of 
ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR). 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements 
for regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2020. 
                                                     
 
35 The ECB authorised the use of internal models on 24 June 2016.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands) 
 
31.12.2020  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2020 
Phased in 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
Change in 
Phased in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 
capital - CET1 
5,272,201 
5,928,350 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
1,099,543 
22.77 
Additional Tier 1 capital - 
AT1 
150,623 
150,623 
152,092 
152,092 
(1,469) 
-0.97 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
5,422,824 
6,078,973 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
1,098,074 
22.05 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
1,014,969 
1,015,256 
858,760 
859,015 
156,241 
18.19 
Total Own Funds 
6,437,793 
7,094,229 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
1,254,315 
21.48 
Total 
Risk-weighted 
assets (RWA) 
33,161,036 
33,501,647 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
(1,219,630) 
-3.51 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
15.90% 
17.70% 
12.01% 
13.91% 
379 bps 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
16.35% 
18.15% 
12.45% 
14.35% 
380 bps 
 
Total 
Capital 
Ratio 
(Total Own Funds/RWA) 
19.41% 
21.18% 
14.94% 
16.82% 
436 bps 
 
RWA/Total assets 
35.64% 
36.00% 
43.75% 
43.93% 
-793 bps 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 17.70% (13.91% at 31 December 2019). The Fully-
Loaded Ratio is 15.90% (12.01% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 18.15% (14.35% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased in) of 21.18% (16.82% at 31 December 2019). 
The capital ratios are equal to 15.14% for the CET1 Ratio Phased In, 13.52% for the CET1 Ratio Fully 
Loaded, 15.60% for the T1 Ratio Phased In and 18.66% for the TC Ratio Phased In if we separate the 
impact of the increase in capital for the acquisition of Business Unit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Milan 4226583.8 
Note that the BPER Banca Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are 
summarised below: 
 
credit risk: for Group entities represented by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, the 
credit risk measurement is performed using the AIRB method. For Banks and other Companies that 
are not in the scope of validation and for other risk assets not included in the validated models, the 
standardised approach has been maintained; 
 
credit down-rating risk: the standardised approach is used;  
 
market risk: the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk 
on equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for UCITS units) to determine the 
related individual and consolidated capital requirement; 
 
operational risk: operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA). 
 
 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements 
for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 202136. 
(in thousands) 
 
30.06.2021  
Fully 
Phased 
30.06.2021 
Phased in 
31.12.2020 
Fully 
Phased, 
restated 
31.12.2020 
Phased in 
restated 
Change in 
Phased in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 
capital- CET1 
6,157,501 
6,625,653 
5,275,526 
5,931,675 
693,978 
11.70 
Additional Tier 1 capital - 
AT1 
150,601 
150,601 
150,623 
150,623 
(22) 
-0.01 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
6,308,102 
6,776,254 
5,426,149 
6,082,298 
693,956 
11.41 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - 
T2 
1,061,589 
1,061,589 
1,014,969 
1,015,256 
46,333 
4.56 
Total Own Funds 
7,369,691 
7,837,843 
6,441,118 
7,097,554 
740,289 
10.43 
Total 
Risk-weighted 
assets (RWA) 
45,542,971 
45,619,802 
33,371,840 
33,487,963 
12,131,839 
36.23 
CET1 
Ratio 
(CET1/RWA) 
13.52% 
14.52% 
15.81% 
17.71% 
-319 b.p. 
 
Tier 
1 
Ratio 
(Tier 
1/RWA) 
13.85% 
14.85% 
16.26% 
18.16% 
-331 b.p. 
 
Total 
Capital 
Ratio 
(Total 
Own 
Funds/RWA) 
16.18% 
17.18% 
19.30% 
21.19% 
-401 b.p. 
 
RWA/Total assets 
33.79% 
33.84% 
35.86% 
35.98% 
-214 b.p. 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.52%37 (17.71% at 31 December 202038). The Fully 
Phased ratio is 13.52% (15.81% at 31 December 2020 restated39); 
 
Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.85%40 (18.16% at 31 December 2020 restated41); 
                                                     
 
36 The comparative ratios are calculated on the figures at 31 December 2020, which take into account the effects of the retrospective 
application of the change in the measurement method for the properties held for investment. 
37 Reg. 2395/2017 "Transitional provisions for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds" introduced the 
transitional regime (the so-called Phased in), offering banks the option to mitigate the impacts of IFRS 9 on Own Funds over a period of 
5 years (from March 2018 to December 2022), by neutralising the impact on CET1 with the application of decreasing add-back factors 
over time. The BPER Group elected to apply the "static approach" to the impact arising from a reconciliation of impairment losses under 
IAS 39 as at 31 December 2017 to impairment losses under IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018. 
38 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
39 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
40 See the previous note on transitional provisions. 
41 See the previous note on comparative figures.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased in) of 17.18%42 (21.19% at 31 December 202043). 
 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2020 compared with 31 
December 2019. 
                                                     
 
42 See the previous note on transitional provisions. 
43 See the previous note on comparative figures.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
10. 
Interest and similar income  
1,431,109 
1,419,767 
 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective 
1,422,351 
1,395,908 
20. 
Interest and similar expense  
(192,233) 
(255,228) 
30. 
Net interest income 
1,238,876 
1,164,539 
40. 
Commission income 
1,246,875 
1,043,000 
50. 
Commission expense 
(174,361) 
(111,050) 
60. 
Net commission income 
1,072,514 
931,950 
70. 
Dividends and similar income  
18,492 
14,101 
80. 
Net income from trading activities 
(14,220) 
180 
90. 
Net income from hedging activities 
(653) 
(1,546) 
100. 
Gains (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of:  
141,182 
116,600 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
130,513 
38,710 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
10,356 
77,664 
 
c) financial liabilities  
313 
226 
110. 
Net income on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
11,856 
(1,241) 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
(3,683) 
(8,436) 
 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
15,539 
7,195 
120. 
Net interest and other banking income 
2,468,047 
2,224,583 
130. 
Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to:  
(542,239) 
(446,291) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(541,877) 
(447,547) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(362) 
1,256 
140. 
Gains (Losses)  from contractual modifications without 
(2,141) 
(2,979) 
150. 
Net income from financial activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313 
180. 
Net income from financial and insurance activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313 
190. 
Administrative expenses: 
(1,687,910) 
(1,699,466) 
 
a) staff costs 
(960,719) 
(1,049,686) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(727,191) 
(649,780) 
200. 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(21,029) 
(12,193) 
 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
(6,329) 
9,032 
 
b) other net provisions 
(14,700) 
(21,225) 
210. 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment  
(118,816) 
(125,524) 
220. 
Net adjustments to intangible assets 
(59,702) 
(59,552) 
230. 
Other operating expense/income 
169,491 
188,348 
240. 
Operating costs 
(1,717,966) 
(1,708,387) 
250. 
Gains (Losses) on equity investments 
(2,945) 
7,213 
275. 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
343,361 
280. 
Gains (Losses) on disposal of investments 
866 
(602) 
290. 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax  
203,622 
416,898 
300. 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
67,045 
(22,446) 
310. 
Profit (Loss) from current operations after tax 
270,667 
394,452 
330. 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
270,667 
394,452 
340. 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(25,017) 
(14,869) 
350. 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent 
245,650 
379,583 
 
 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 30 June 2020.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Milan 4226583.8 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
30.06.2021 
30.06.2020 
Change 
% 
Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
728,322 
618,251 
110,071 
17.80 
40+50 
Net commission income 
733,958 
512,697 
221,261 
43.16 
70 
Dividends 
13,947 
12,843 
1,104 
8.60 
80+90+100+110 Net income from financial activities 
119,712 
52,474 
67,238 
128.14 
230  
Other operating expense/income 
2,488 
24,331 
(21,843) 
-89.77 
 
Operating income 
1,598,427 
1,220,596 
377,831 
30.95 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(657,203) 
(504,664) 
(152,539) 
30.23 
190 b)  
Other administrative expenses 
(347,283) 
(231,463) 
(115,820) 
50.04 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant 
and 
equipment 
and 
intangible 
assets 
(106,964) 
(81,353) 
(25,611) 
31.48 
 
Operating costs 
(1,111,450) 
(817,480) 
(293,970) 
35.96 
 
Net operating income 
486,977 
403,116 
83,861 
20.80 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial 
assets at amortised cost 
(576,295) 
(297,322) 
(278,973) 
93.83 
 
- loans to customers 
(576,896) 
(293,837) 
(283,059) 
96.33 
 
- other  financial assets 
601 
(3,485) 
4,086 
-117.25 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial 
assets at fair value 
1,686 
(858) 
2,544 
-296.50 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual 
modifications without derecognition 
(1,779) 
(442) 
(1,337) 
302.49 
 
Net impairment losses for credit 
risk 
(576,388) 
(298,622) 
(277,766) 
93.02 
200 
Net 
provisions 
for 
risks 
and 
charges 
(50,506) 
(14,901) 
(35,605) 
238.94 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF - 
VS 
(46,161) 
(34,163) 
(11,998) 
35.12 
250+260+270 
+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
(253,284) 
(10,087) 
(243,197) 
-- 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
1,149,922 
- 
1,149,922 
n.s. 
290 
Profit 
(Loss) 
from 
current 
operations before tax 
710,560 
45,343 
665,217 
-- 
300 
Income taxes on current operations 
for the period 
(191,732) 
68,021 
(259,753) 
-381.87 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the period  
518,828 
113,364 
405,464 
357.67 
340 
Profit 
(Loss) 
for 
the 
period 
pertaining to minority interests 
(17,020) 
(10,868) 
(6,152) 
56.61 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the period 
pertaining 
to 
the 
Parent 
Company 
501,808 
102,496 
399,312 
389.59 
 
 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department now reports directly to the Parent Company's Chief Executive Officer and 
is broken down into the following Organisational Units: 
 
Rating Office and Risk Governance Office, as staff functions for the Chief Risk Officer; 
 
Financial Risk Department; 
 
Credit and Operational Risk Department; 
 
Credit Control and Internal Ratification Department. 
The Risk Management Department, as the Group's risk control function, aims to collaborate in the definition 
and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework and the related risk governance policies, through an 
adequate risk management process.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Milan 4226583.8 
An integral part of its mission is to ensure adequate reporting to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent 
Company and Group companies.  
The Risk Management Department extends its area of responsibility to all of the Group companies included 
in the current risk map, given that the "Group Guidelines - Internal Control System" provide for centralised 
management of the risk control function by the Parent Company. 
The Group companies that have this function outsource it to the Parent Company, with the exception of the 
Luxembourg based company44. 
The mission of the Risk Management Department is carried out as part of the Parent Company's guidance 
and coordination activity as an outsourcer for Group banks and companies.  
The Risk Management Department operates at Group companies through a Contact (who functionally 
reports to it) identified at the various Group companies. 
The responsibilities of the Risk Management Department are entrusted to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who 
performs the role with support from the organisational units that report hierarchically to the department. The 
principal activities include: 
 
within the ambit of the Risk Appetite Framework, proposing the quantitative and qualitative 
parameters necessary for its definition, both in the normal course of business and in situations of 
stress, ensuring their adequacy over time in relation to changes in the internal and external context; 
 
proposal of risk governance policies for measurable and non-measurable risks not allocated to other 
control functions (limited to the sections relating to risk management and exposure/operational limits) 
and oversight of their implementation, ensuring that the various stages of the risk management 
process are consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework; 
 
development of risk management methodologies, processes and tools via the identification, 
measurement/assessment, monitoring and reporting of risks, ensuring their adequacy over time 
through the development and application of indicators designed to highlight anomalous situations 
and inefficiencies. In particular: 
 
definition of common metrics of operational risk assessment (including IT risks) that are consistent 
with the RAF, in coordination with the Compliance Function, the ICT function and the Business 
Continuity function; 
 
definition of methods to evaluate and control reputational risk, in coordination with the Compliance 
function and the corporate functions that are most exposed to this type of risk; 
 
provision of assistance to the Corporate Bodies in the assessment of strategic risk by monitoring 
significant variables; 
 
monitoring the actual risk profile assumed in relation to the risk objectives defined in the RAF, 
collaborating in the definition of operating limits for the assumption of various types of risk and 
constantly verifying their adequacy and compliance, reporting any overruns to Corporate Bodies; 
 
provision of support to the Chief Executive Officer in the implementation of the ICAAP and ILAAP, 
preparation of reports to be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and coordination of the various 
phases of the process and performance of those assigned to it; 
 
coordination of the process for the preparation and update of the BPER Group recovery plan to be 
submitted to the Supervisory Authority and performance of the phases assigned to it; 
 
coordination of activities associated with the internal stress testing programme with the help of the 
various organisational structures involved, in the various execution areas (operational and regulatory 
stress test); 
 
checking the adequacy and effectiveness of the measures taken to correct weaknesses in the risk 
management process; 
 
development, ratification45 and upkeep of the internal systems of risk measurement, ensuring 
compliance with the instructions issued by the Supervisory Authority, as well as consistency with the 
operational needs of the company and the evolution of the market; 
                                                     
 
44 Circular CSSF 14/597 – Update of circular CSSF 12/552 on the central administration, internal governance and risk management 
"117. Outsourcing the compliance function and risk control function is not authorised."

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
provision of preventive advice on the consistency of more significant transactions with the RAF, 
acquiring if necessary, depending on the nature of the transaction, the opinion of other functions 
involved in the risk management process; 
 
analysis of risks deriving from new products/services and from entry into new business segments; 
 
control of the rating and override processes; 
 
performance of second-level checks on the lending process, verifying the existence of effective 
supervision over credit exposures (especially if impaired), the proper classification of risk and the 
adequacy of provisions; the effectiveness of the recovery process; 
 
involvement in defining, updating and monitoring the Non-Performing Loans strategy (providing 
estimates of the impact on the risk parameters used in the internal rating system and on the Group's 
capital profile in terms of RWA and Shortfall), as well as in policies and processes for their 
management before submission to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company and Group 
companies;  
 
it handles execution of the activities included in the second-level control framework on non-
performing loans; 
 
it coordinates the preliminary activities for the preparation and updating of the Resolution Plan, 
prepared by the Resolution Authority, directly carrying out the steps that are within its sphere of 
competence.  
In addition, the Risk Management Department: 
 
takes part in the definition of the Group's strategy, assessing the relative impact on risk; 
 
takes part in deciding on strategic changes to the Group's internal control system. 
 
Business Continuity 
During the first half of 2021, the annual activities aimed at the “ordinary management” of business continuity 
were resumed and aimed at updating the Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and of the 
Group's Banks and Companies. 
The innovative elements that characterised the first half of 2021 concerned: 
 
integration of the 2020 Business Continuity Plan following the acquisition of the business complex 
from ISP; 
 
updating the Disaster Recovery Plan in order to incorporate the organisational and technological/ 
infrastructural changes that took place following the the acquisition of the business complex from 
ISP; 
 
extension of the scope of the macro processes subject to impact analysis, with extension to the 
entire perimeter; 
 
optimisation of the Business Impact Analysis (“BIA”) cards within the Orbit IT tool (extension of the 
impact assessment for time spans up to 20 days, in order to prioritise processes with recovery needs 
exceeding 72 hours); 
 
use of the Orbit "Test" module also for the production of reports accompanying the Disaster 
Recovery checks; 
 
the provision of training sessions (webinars) aimed at increasing awareness of the Group's Business 
Continuity Supplier contacts, figures supporting the monitoring of suppliers identified as "critical" 
within the BIA 2020 and FEI outsourcing; 
 
the provision of training sessions (webinars) dedicated to the Heads of the Organisational Units of 
the Group Companies involved in the impact analysis; 
                                                                                                                                                                                
 
45 Through the Model Ratification Office

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
planning, within the Group Test Plan, of specific remote verification sessions, in order to verify the 
solutions identified and implemented for the pandemic scenario during 2020. 
The updated version of the "Operating Instructions of the sub-process for ordinary management of Business 
Continuity" is also soon to be issued, through which the updates imposed by the internal and external 
regulations of the sector, already included in the "Group Regulation of the Process for Ordinary Management 
of Business Continuity”, will be implemented. 
 
 
Recent Developments 
Merger for absorption of Tholos with Nadia  
The merger of Tholos s.p.a. with Nadia s.p.a., both real estate companies controlled by BPER and wholly 
owned respectively by Banco di Sardegna and BPER, took effect for legal, accounting and tax purposes on 1 
January 2021. This operation forms part of the initiatives designed to simplify the BPER Group and increase 
its operational efficiency, as envisaged in the 2019-2021 Business Plan, while enhancing the value of its 
property assets. 
Amendments to the Articles of Association relating to the appointment of the Corporate Bodies 
On 29 January 2021, the Shareholders' Meeting approved draft amendments to the Articles of Association, 
prepared by the Board of Directors on 5 August 2020 and authorised by the European Central Bank on 15 
December 2020. The purpose of the amendments was mainly to align the rules of composition of the Board 
with BPER’s transformation into a joint-stock company and the subsequent evolution of the Bank's 
ownership structure. 
Acquisition of the business unit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group - acquisition completed 
On 19 February 2021, the final contracts were signed for the purchase of a line of business consisting of 
three business units from the ISP. The transfer to BPER of the business units owned by UBI and UBISS 
s.c.p.a. took place for legal purposes on 22 February 2021, whereas the transfer of the business unit owned 
by Intesa Sanpaolo took effect on 21 June 2021.  
Sale of non performing loans 
During the first few days of July 2021, a remaining sale of UTP receivables to specialized investors was 
finalized. 
On 23 July 2021 the sale of a portfolio of small tickets non-performing loans (over 5 thousand debtors) with a 
gross value of 82.5 million euros to a professional investor against payment in cash (the "Mandalorian" 
transaction) was finalized. 
On 28 July 2021, the BPER Group formally initiated (by means of legal transfer to an SPV) the activities 
aimed at a further massive sale of non-performing loans, to be completed during the second half of 2021 by 
means of a securitization transaction pursuant to Law 130/99, in compliance with the requirements to be 
assisted by GACS. 
Allocation of 2020 profit of the Parent Company 
The Shareholders’ Meeting, which met in ordinary session on 21 April 2021, approved the draft financial 
statements and the consolidated financial statements for the year 2020, the appropriation of the profit for the 
year 2020 and the distribution of a unit dividend of EUR 0.04 per share, for a maximum total amount of 
56,530,540.48, with allocation of EUR 6,744,944.91 to the unavailable reserve and 6,855,391.59 euros to 
the legal reserve. 
Approval of the Phantom Stock number to be allocated in implementation of the 2020 remuneration policies 
of the BPER Group 
On 14 September 2021 BPER announced that an ordinary share buy-back programme will be launched on 
15 September 2021, to be completed indicatively by 31 October 2021. The buy-back programme is

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Milan 4226583.8 
functional for the free-of-charge allocation of BPER Banca ordinary shares to the employees of the BPER 
Group as part of the “2019-2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Material Risk Takers”, the 2021 MBO 
incentive plan and any severance payments due. The buyback will be carried out under the terms approved 
by BPER’s Shareholders Meeting of 21 April 2021 as previously disclosed to the market, within a maximum 
duration period of 12 months from 8 April 2021, the date of authorisation by the ECB. 
BPER’s Shareholders Meeting of 21 April 2021 authorised the purchase, in one or more tranches, of up to a 
maximum number of 5,000,000 BPER Banca shares, to date corresponding to 0.35% of the Company’s 
share capital and in any case for a total consideration not exceeding EUR 10 million. 
Process to optimise workforce and promote generational turnover 
On 23 September 2021 the BPER’s Board of Directors resolved to launch a process aimed at promoting 
generational and professional turnover, combined with a reduction in the BPER Group’s workforce, as part of 
the guidelines of the 2022-2024 Business Plan currently being defined.  
The measures approved, to be implemented by 2024, including via the Solidarity Fund, will make it possible 
to optimise the workforce by structurally reducing personnel costs. Workforce optimisation1 entails the exit of 
approximately 1,700 employees and a plan for the recruitment.  
The initiative, expected to be expensed in 2021, will be implemented subject to prior completion of the trade 
union consultation process and in compliance with regulations in force. 
 
BPER sets up Sustainability Committee and joins Borsa Italiana’s MIB ESG index 
On 18 October 2021 BPER’s Board of Directors set up a Sustainability Committee with advisory and 
propositional functions to support the Board in the activities that cover environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) issues, reverberating on all processes which make it possible to pursue sustainable development. 
The Sustainability Committee is presided over by BPER’s Chairperson, Flavia Mazzarella, and is comprised 
of the Bank’s Directors Riccardo Barbieri and Elisa Valeriani. 
BPER was also included in the new MIB ESG index of Borsa Italiana (a company of the Euronext Group) for 
domestic blue-chips, which tracks major Italian listed issuers with best ESG practices. Launched by Euronext 
in partnership with Vigeo Eiris (part of Moody’s ESG Solutions), it combines economic performance 
measurement with ESG considerations in line with the principles of the UN Global Compact.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Milan 4226583.8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR  
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing 
the Covered Bonds 
Name and Legal Form of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 18 March 2015 with the original corporate name 
of “SPV Covered Bond 5 S.r.l.”, as a limited liability company incorporated under Law 130, with VAT number, 
Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Register of Enterprises of Treviso No. 04730160266. 
The Guarantor has a duration until 31 December 2100. 
The Guarantor’s Legal Entity Identifier code is 815600CB91E077EF4425 (expiring on 17 March 2022). 
The Guarantor has no website. 
On 13 May 2015 the Issuer requested to Bank of Italy the authorisation to purchase up to 60 per cent of the 
quota capital of the Guarantor and not having the Issuer received any denial on 7 September 2015 the quota 
capital transfer has been duly fulfilled. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 27 July 2015, as recorded in the Chamber of Commerce of 
Treviso on 6 August 2015, the corporate name of the Guarantor was changed from “SPV Covered Bond 5 
S.r.l.” to “Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.”. 
On 16 September 2015 the Guarantor has been included in the BPER Group. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 13 October 2015 the by-laws of the company have been 
amended in order to be compliant with the BPER Group request. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 26 October 2015 a board of directors has been appointed. 
Since the date of its incorporation or establishment, the Guarantor has not commenced operations other than 
those incidental to its incorporation and registration, the change of its corporate name, the inclusion in the 
BPER Group, the authorisation of the participation in the Programme and of the other documents and 
matters referred to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus to which it is or will be a party and matters which 
are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, and the 
telephone number of the registered office is +39 0438 360926 and the fax number is +39 0438 360 962. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.00. 
“Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.” is currently the Guarantor’s legal name and the Guarantor has no 
commercial name. 
The Guarantor operates under Italian legislation. 
Business overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks (belonging either to the BPER Group or to 
other banking groups) against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a 
securitisation, in compliance with article 7-bis of Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by 
means of subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees 
for the covered bonds issued by such banks or other entities. Pursuant to the Guarantor by-laws, the 
Guarantor may act as a special purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in accordance with the 
article 7-bis of Law 130 and, therefore, may carry out the above-mentioned activities in the context of one or 
more covered bond transactions or issuance programme other than this Programme. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the ancillary transactions 
for purposes of the performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the issue of banking 
covered bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Milan 4226583.8 
investment in other financial activities of the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the 
securities purchased, but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged in any business other than the purchase 
of the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios from the Initial Seller and the issue of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds issued under this 
Programme. 
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Guarantor is currently managed by a board of directors. The directors of the Guarantor are: 
 
Name 
Appointment 
Title 
Principal Activities performed outside 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l., where 
significant for the Guarantor 
Giovanni Battista Chiossi 
Chairman of the 
board of directors 
Lawyer 
No principal outside activity 
Marco Bonfatti 
Director 
Manager 
Head of Accounting Department 
(Responsabile Direzione 
Amministrazione Bilancio), BPER S.p.A. 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing Director 
Manager 
Head of Investment Banking Financial 
Institutions, Banca Finint S.p.A. 
 
The directors’ address is Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
 
The Company did not appoint a board of statutory auditors pursuant to Article 2477 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Conflict of interest 
Potential conflicts of interests may arise since the director of the Guarantor Marco Bonfatti holds 
simultaneously the position of Head of Accounting Department (Responsabile Direzione Amministrazione 
Bilancio) of BPER S.p.A.. However, in case of such conflict of interest, pursuant to article 2475-ter of the 
Italian Civil Code, the decision adopted by the board of directors with the determining vote of a director with a 
conflict of interest with the company, if causing an economic damage to the company, may be appealed 
within ninety days by the directors. In addition, in accordance with the same article of the Italian Civil Code, 
any contract entered into with the company by directors who have the power to represent the company with 
conflict of interests may be annulled at the request of the company, provided that the rights acquired in good 
faith by third persons on the basis of acts made in execution of the decision are preserved.  
Save as noted above, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties of the directors and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided in quotas. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A.: 60 per cent of the quota capital; 
 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.: 40 per cent of the quota capital.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia, a call option in favour of BPER to purchase from SVM 
Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. to sell to BPER the quota of the Guarantor held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be 
exercised from the day on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which 
all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the other Secured 
Creditors have been paid in full. 
Please also see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – The Quotaholders’ 
Agreement” below. 
No material litigation 
Since the date of the incorporation or establishment of the Guarantor, there have been no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of 
such kind, which have had or may have significant effects on the Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and 
Profits and Losses and Report of the Auditors 
The Guarantor’s accounting reference date is 31 December of each year.  
Copy of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year since the Guarantor’s incorporation 
will, when published, be available in physical form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on 
any Business Day (excluding public holidays) at the registered office of the Guarantor. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: Euro 10,000. 
Quota capital issued and authorised 
BPER has a quota of Euro 6,000 and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has a quota of Euro 
4,000 each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in accordance with 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has no 
borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued, or created but 
unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or 
guarantees or other contingent liabilities.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Milan 4226583.8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to 
carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with 
the register of statutory auditors and auditing companies held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
pursuant to article 6 of of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended and supplemented, 
shall be independent from the Issuer, the Sellers and the Guarantor and the accounting firms who carry out 
the audit of the Issuer, the Sellers or the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to the 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
ASSET MONITOR ENGAGEMENT LETTER 
Pursuant to an engagement letter (the “Asset Monitor Engagement Letter”) entered into on 14 June 2017, 
the Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, 
enrolled with the Companies’ Register of Milan under number 12979880155 and in the register of statutory 
auditors and auditing companies held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to article 6 of 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended from time to time, having its registered office at 
Via Monte Rosa 91, 20149 Milan, Italy, as asset monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to 
receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, 
the control of: (i) the satisfaction of the eligibility criteria set out under the MEF Decree with respect to the 
Receivables, Public Securities and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the calculations 
performed by BPER with respect to the Mandatory Tests; (iii) the compliance with the limits to the transfer of 
the assets to the Cover Pool set out under the MEF Decree; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk 
protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in connection with the Programme; and (vi) the 
completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 
129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
Under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, the Asset Monitor shall, on an annual basis, deliver to the 
Issuer an annual report detailing the procedures performed under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter. 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and 
expenses to the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of 
the Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter is governed by Italian law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
The Asset Monitor will, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders (the “Asset 
Monitor Agreement”) and subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent 
to the Asset Monitor, (i) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests and the Asset 
Coverage Test and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation 
Test, in each case pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Guarantor, 
the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Issuer a report in the form set out in 
the Asset Monitor Agreement.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to the 
Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset 
Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Milan 4226583.8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION 
POLICIES 
THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (i) the Initial Receivables; (ii) any other Eligible Assets; and (iii) 
any Integration Assets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of the Initial Receivables and the 
Subsequent Portfolios transferred by the Issuer to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the BPER 
Master Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – BPER Master Transfer Agreement” below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Eligible Assets consist only of Mortgage Loans transferred by the 
Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement, as more fully 
described under “Description of the Transaction Documents – Master Transfer Agreement”. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Mortgage Loans from which the Eligible Assets arise mature 
between 31 December 2019 (inclusive) and 30 April 2052 (inclusive). 
The composition of the Cover Pool will be dynamic over the life of the Programme. In particular, assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool will change over time as a result, inter alia, of the purchase of any Subsequent 
Portfolio and the repurchase of any Portfolio in each case in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Transfer Agreement. 
The General Criteria 
The Receivables which have been sold by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell'Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa) (BPER) to Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. are represented by all claims 
for redemption of the outstanding principal amount (including the principal amount of installments due and 
not paid for) as on the Valuation Date (excluded), any right and claim for payment of interest accrued and not 
collected on the Valuation Date (included) and accruing as from the Valuation Date (excluded), including 
interest on arrears, as well as accessories, expenses, damages, compensation and anything arising from 
mortgage loans or loans entered into pursuant to Article 38 and following of the Banking Act that, on the 
Transfer Date, were in the ownership of BPER and that, at the relevant Valuation Date (unless otherwise 
provided), had the following characteristics (read as cumulative unless otherwise provided): 
1. 
loans whose principal debtors (possibly even as a result of subrogation, assignment or taking over of 
debts (accollo liberatorio)) are: (i) one or more persons (including professionals or entrepreneurs) 
resident in Italy with regard to residential and commercial mortgage loans; (ii) legal persons, having 
registered office in Italy, or individuals, resident in Italy, who have entered into the relevant contract for 
financing in the exercise of their business activity (including professional partnerships and 
entrepreneurs) for commercial mortgage loans; 
2. 
mortgage loans for which there is no obligation or ability to make additional payments; 
3. 
mortgage loans denominated in euro (or paid in lira and subsequently redenominated in euro) and 
whose loan agreements do not contain provisions that permit the conversion into another currency; 
4. 
mortgage loans whose principal repayment is done in one or several installments according to one of 
the following amortization methods, as detectable on the signing date of the loan or, if existent, the last 
agreement on the system of amortization: 
(i) 
the so-called "French" amortization method (piano di ammortamento alla francese), by which is 
meant the amortization method under which the rate is inclusive of a component of fixed capital at 
time of the grant and increasing over time and a variable interest component;

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Milan 4226583.8 
(ii) 
the so-called "Italian" amortization method (piano di ammortamento all’italiana), by which is 
meant the amortization method under which the rates are inclusive of a component of constant 
capital over time and a variable component of interest; 
(iii) amortization method which provides a constant rate and for the duration to be extended up to a 
maximum date; 
(iv) amortization method which provides a single installment of capital repayment at the end of the 
loan (the so-called "bullet"); 
5. 
mortgage loans secured by mortgages on real estate located on the territory of the Italian Republic; 
 
6. 
mortgage loans that have been granted under loan agreements governed by Italian law (as specified in 
the relevant loan agreement); 
7. 
mortgage loans secured by (i) a first legal ranking mortgage (ipoteca volontaria di primo grado legale), 
or (ii) a second legal ranking mortgage in respect to which the obligations secured by the higher legal 
ranking mortgages have been fully satisfied;  
8. 
mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio of (i) the amount of the loan disbursed on the date of 
signing of the loan and (ii) the estimated value of the mortgaged property, determined close to the 
conclusion of such mortgage is equal to or less than 100%. For the purposes of the criteria referred to at 
the present paragraph 8, "valore di stima dell’immobile ipotecato, determinato in prossimità della 
stipulazione del medesimo mutuo” means the estimated value determined on the basis of technical and 
economic parameters used from time to time by the lending bank in the process of the monitoring of the 
property value as per criteria 5. In order to assess the compliance of the loan with the policy referred to 
at the present paragraph 8, each borrower may, where not already in possession of this information, 
know the value of the revalued mortgaged property by contacting the relevant branch where the 
installment payments of such loan are domiciled; 
9. 
mortgage loans in respect of which the payment of installments is made by automatic debit on a current 
account with a bank belonging to Gruppo Bancario Banca popolare dell'Emilia Romagna (including 
payment by SDD); 
In any event, are excluded from the sale all receivables arising from loans which, on the Valuation Date, 
while presenting the above characteristics, also present, on the Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided) 
one or more of the following characteristics: 
10. mortgage loans that either derive from "esposizioni oggetto di concessioni" or classified as "sofferenze", 
"inadempienze probabili" and "esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate" (as defined in the 
Circular of the Bank of Italy n. 272 of 30 July 2008, supplemented by the update no. 7 of 20 January 
2015, and as amended from time to time – Matrice dei Conti); 
11. mortgage loans that have been granted, in the case of commercial mortgage loans, even as co-holders 
of such loan, to individuals whom, on to the Valuation Date, were employees or bank representatives 
(under Article 136 of the Banking Act) of BPER; 
12. mortgage loans in relation to which the relevant borrower has adhered, in the case of residential 
mortgage loans, on the Valuation Date, by sending the accession letter by mail or has presented the 
accession letter at any branch of BPER, at the proposed renegotiation made under the Italian Law 
Decree no. 93 of 27 May 2008 converted with Italian Law no. 126 of 24 July 2008 and the agreement 
signed between the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze and the Associazione Bancaria Italiana; 
13. residential mortgage loans secured by mortgages on properties that fell into one of the following Land 
Registry categories: A / 9, A / 10;

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Milan 4226583.8 
14. commercial mortgage loans secured by mortgages on properties that fell into one of the following Land 
Registry categories: B / 1, B / 2, B / 3, B / 4, B / 5, B / 6 B / 7, D / 9 , E / 1, E / 2, E / 3 E / 4, E / 5, E / 6, 
E / 7, E / 8, E / 9, C / 4 and C / 5; 
15. mortgage loans that have been concluded under any law (including regional and / or provincial) or 
legislation providing for contributions or benefits in terms of principal and / or interest (the so-called 
mutui agevolati e convenzionanti) or that have been entered into under any law or regulation which 
provides financial incentives (mutui agevolati), public grants of any kind granted to debtors, mortgagors 
or any guarantor with respect to the principal and/or interest and are not funded with funds from third 
parties; or are mortgages that have been concluded in accordance with Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the 
Banking Act (cd. "credito agrario e peschereccio”); 
16. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio of (i) the outstanding debt of the principal amount of the 
loan and (ii) the revalued value of the mortgaged property on the Valuation Date, is higher than 80% for 
residential mortgages loans or 60% for commercial mortgages loans. For the purposes of the criteria 
referred to at the present paragraph 16, "valore rivalutato di stima dell’immobile ipotecato” means the 
estimated value determined on the basis of technical and economic parameters used from time to time 
by the lending bank in the process of the monitoring of the property value as per criterion 5. In order to 
assess the compliance of the loan with the policy referred to at the present paragraph 16, each 
borrower may, where not already in possession of this information, know the value of the revalued 
mortgaged property by contacting the relevant branch where the installment payments of such loan are 
domiciled; 
17. mortgage loans that have been granted to public bodies, to public enterprises or other comparable 
companies, banks or financial institutions; 
18. mortgage loans that have been granted to religious institutions, institutions of public assistance, 
fundraising organization, charities or other non-profit organization; 
19. mortgage loans whose principal repayment is made according to the amortization method known as 
"Mix", and meaning the method which provides for a proportion of amortization at fixed rate and another 
portion at variable rate; 
20. mortgage loans whose relative property is still "under construction"; 
21. mortgage loans that have a declared purpose of debt consolidation by the debtor; 
22. mortgage loans that at the date of the grant were secured by collateral represented by pledge on the 
securities; 
23. commercial mortgage loans granted by a pool of banks; 
24. commercial mortgage loans that have been granted as guarantee arising from the transfer of 
receivables to the Gestore dei Servizi Energetici (GSE) S.p.A., or mortgage loans granted to finance the 
purchase and installation of photovoltaic systems; 
25. mortgage loans used by BPER as guarantees for the refinancing transactions according to the 
legislative and regulatory framework of the Eurosystem.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Milan 4226583.8 
THE CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 
BPER Credit Policy 
BPER’s origination process, which has been in force without significant modification for the last few years, 
comprises the following stages: 
1. 
Application and collection of documentation; 
2. 
Collection of technical information for mortgage loans; 
3. 
Deliberation; 
4. 
Signing of contracts; and 
5. 
Disbursement. 
Application and collection of documentation 
Following the first contact with the applicant, the necessary data and information are requested. 
In many cases mortgage loan applications are made by customers of BPER in which case a significant 
amount of information is likely to be already available and will only need to be updated. 
Collection of technical information 
The management of the loan application is distributed on a territorial basis: the branch closest to the property 
offered as security is responsible for the analysis of a client’s financial and economic situation. The objective 
of this analysis is to evaluate the credit merits of the client and any possible further guarantees that may be 
required. 
During this phase, BPER will conduct searches of the central database of risks and collect information from 
several public databases. 
With respect to retail customers, BPER relies on information provided by Centrale Rischi / Centrale Rischi di 
Importo Contenuto (CR/CRIC); EURISC, which gives a picture of the applicant’s track record towards 
financial institutions in terms of missed payments; and Credit Bureau Score, which is a scoring system 
returning the probability that the applicant would default in the following 12 months. 
The local branch also collects information regarding the ability of the applicant to generate income in order to 
service the debt. 
With respect to retail customers the DTI (debt-to-income) ratio is exanimated. Generally, the DTI ratio shall 
not be higher than 35%. Stresses on applicant’s net income are also applied. 
Since September 2008, the result of the analysis performed on the applicant is expressed in terms of a rating 
system, on the basis of which a rating is assigned to the potential borrower summarizing its credit standing.  
In addition to any evaluation of the applicant, a technical and legal examination of the real estate asset 
offered as a mortgage takes place. 
Deliberation 
Once the property appraisal has been completed, the branch transfers all data and documents to the central 
Loans Office which will verify the whole set of information gathered and alert BPER’s appropriate level for 
deliberation and approval. According to the amount of the mortgage loan or the risk for the client, a specific 
hierarchy of approval authority is in place, detailed by the relevant internal procedure, provided that the 
Board of Directors has no credit approval limits.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Milan 4226583.8 
Signing of contracts 
Once the grant of the loan has been approved, the relevant loan agreement is transferred to the relevant 
BPER’s level in order to proceed with the signing of the agreement. A notary is charged for the formal 
registration of the mortgage. 
Disbursement 
Disbursement will only take place once BPER has confirmed that all documentation is in place and that the 
formal registration process has been completed. In addition, funds will only be made available once an 
insurance contract to cover the risk of fire and explosion has been activated. 
BPER Mortgage Monitoring and Management Procedures 
Introduction 
BPER monitors its existing loans on a constant basis. Generally, borrowers pay instalments by direct debit 
from their respective account held with BPER authorised at the time of execution of the relevant mortgage 
loan agreement. On regular basis a solicitation is made to borrowers with any overdue and unpaid 
instalment. 
Definitions 
Any further details of BPER exposures classification according to the current regulation are described above 
in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Management and control of the loans  
The monitoring activity is performed at a central level in order to have all the necessary controls on loans 
which show some criticalities. The monitoring activity is aimed at identifying first signs of credit risk 
deterioration and providing assistance to local branches and directly managing the relevant claims.  
All the relevant management is duly informed in relation to the status of the claims and initiatives are 
promoted toward requiring claims such as: 
 
change of status of loans; 
 
provision adjustment on the non-performing exposures; 
 
proposal of qualification of a loan as sofferenza (non-performing loan). 
Generally, the following represents the main causes leading a mortgage loan to be classified as sofferenza: 
 
the borrower is in serious and long-term economic and financial difficulty, so that BPER would start the 
legal recovery procedures; 
 
there is a loss forecast on the claim; 
 
the borrower is insolvent as ascertained by a court. 
Once the decision to qualify a claim as sofferenza has been taken, the definitive legal recovery process 
begins.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Milan 4226583.8 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. The Issuer will not be relying on 
payments by the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any 
interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of 
the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the purpose of such coverage 
an Asset Percentage factor determined in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation with 
respect to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the service of a Notice to Pay, for the 
purpose of testing the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, basis, currency or other risks in 
respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; and 
(f) 
an Italian Cash Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash 
flow from Interest Available Funds in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set 
aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on 
the Scheduled Due for Payment Date or Due for Payment Date, as the case may be, in respect of all 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other 
amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other reason. 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Covered Bond 
Guarantee” below, as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing the Issuer to do so, the 
Additional Sellers, if any) must ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests described below. 
Mandatory Tests 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and 
the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG 
Regulations, such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to 
be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be) and until the Programme Expiry Date that each of the following tests is met: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage 
Loan in respect of which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 2,

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Milan 4226583.8 
paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree will be considered up to an amount of principal which, taking into 
account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage 
limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor plus the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of 
the Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up to the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments 
shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate principal notional amount of all Series of 
Covered Bonds at the same time outstanding (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(b) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net 
Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds (the “NPV Test”); and 
(c) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the 
interest payments scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the 
“Interest Coverage Test”), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the “Mandatory Tests”). 
“Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal 
to the positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of  
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that the interest payments expected to be received in respect 
of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth 
under Article 2, paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree, will be considered up to an amount that, takes 
into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such 
percentage limit) in each and all respective Calculation Periods until the date on which all the 
outstanding Covered Bond are scheduled to be redeemed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible Investments of 
principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in each 
and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued on the Accounts and 
any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Accounts in each and all respective 
Calculation Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior to 
or on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap 
Agreements; and 
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered 
Bonds, and including payments under the Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor 
Payment Dates. 
“Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest payments due 
in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Milan 4226583.8 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal 
to the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor 
under or in respect of the Cover Pool (provided that such future principal and interest payments 
in respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit 
set forth under Article 2, paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree will be considered up to an amount 
that, takes into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance 
with such percentage limit); plus  
(ii) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the 
Swap Agreements; minus 
(iii) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments; plus 
(iv) 
any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Mortgage Loans and not 
yet applied under the relevant Priority of Payments.  
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means, as at any relevant date, (i) all the Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
which are not Non-Performing Loans and (ii) all the Integration Assets up to a nominal amount equal to 15 
per cent of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date. 
“Non-Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least180 consecutive days in arrears, or 
which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this definition may differ from the classification of Non-Performing Loan used in the section headed 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best 
market practice and calculated based on market instruments. 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
shall verify compliance with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met as at any relevant 
date if the Asset Coverage Test is met as at such date. 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be monitored and 
verified from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Milan 4226583.8 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Initial Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Asset Coverage Test”, and together with the 
Mandatory Tests, the “Tests”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Y-W-Z 
where: 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible 
Cover Pool as at any given date, calculated as the lower of: (1) the actual Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as at the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period; and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such 
date multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a.1) 80 per cent for all residential Mortgage Loans that are 
up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (a.2) 60 per cent for all commercial Mortgage Loans 
that are up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 40 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are 
more than three months in arrears, but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) zero for all Non-
Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period: 
(a) 
a Mortgage Loan was, during the immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
and the relevant Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to 
the extent required by the terms of the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such 
Mortgage Loan an “Affected Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to 
the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(b) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer 
was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing 
Agreement. In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Milan 4226583.8 
in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the resulting financial 
loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation Period in respect of 
such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the Calculation Agent without 
double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off against any amount paid 
(in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the 
Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); and/or 
(c) 
the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the applicable 
legislation and regulations (normativa primaria e secondaria), including any order, decree or 
any other decision issued by the judiciary authority (autorità giudiziaria) or administrative 
authority (autorità amministrativa) or any other competent authority, or to the schemes with the 
relevant associations (accordi con le associzioni di categoria), including without limitation the 
scheme named “Accordo per il Credito 2015” between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and 
the associations of enterprises for suspension of the debts of small and medium enterprises, 
according to Italian law No. 190/2014, and the scheme named “Accordo per la sospensione del 
credito alle famiglie” between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and the associations of 
consumer clients dated 31 March 2015 as amended and supplemented, during the suspension 
period (any such Mortgage Loan a “Renegotiated Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on 
the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by 
an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each 
Renegotiated Loan multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in 
respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 
days, (b) 50 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments 
have a residual suspension period of more than 90 days but less than 181 days and (c) 100 per 
cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual 
suspension period of more than 180 days); provided however that, for the period starting from 
10 June 2020 (included) and until 30 June 2021 (included), each suspension of payments 
requested or otherwise granted pursuant to Law Decree n. 18 of 17 March 2020 (so called 
“Decreto Cura Italia”) or any other suspension of payments pursuant to preferential regimes 
granted by the Issuer in connection or as a consequence of the spread of epidemics of the new 
respiratory syndrome “COVID-19” and relevant effects on the economic scenario and in line 
with the recent EBA guidelines on prudential treatment of payment moratoria (along with the 
EBA Guidelines on the application of the definition of default), (any such Mortgage Loan so 
affected a “Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan”), the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan 
multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) zero for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of 
which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 
25 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments 
have a residual suspension period of more than 90 days but less than 181 days (c) 50 per cent 
for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a 
residual suspension period of more than 180 days but less than 271 days and (d) 100 per cent 
for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a 
residual suspension period of more than 270 days); 
AND 
(ii) 
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be calculated 
as the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Milan 4226583.8 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period, and (2) the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) 100 
per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 40 per 
cent for Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears but are not yet Non-Performing 
Loans and (c) zero for all Non-Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), 
calculated as described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as 
described in item (i)(B) above and/or (3) the aggregate of the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal 
Balance of any Renegotiated Loan, calculated as described in item (i)(C)above, 
the result of which multiplied by the “Asset Percentage” (as defined below); 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of Accounts (minus any amount 
deposited to the Italian Collection Account, or on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in 
any Eligible Institution, pursuant to clause 14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments up to a maximum nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into account “C” below, 
15 per cent of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities 
and/or Eligible Investments as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication 
with the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts under “B” above) and up to a maximum nominal 
amount which cannot exceed, taking into account “B” above, 15 per cent of the nominal amount of the 
aggregate Cover Pool as at such date; 
“Y” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Set-Off Amounts; 
“W” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Commingling Amount; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all 
Covered Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) 0.50 per cent (the “Negative 
Carry Factor”); 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the lower of (a) 80.00 per cent and (b) the higher of (1) such other percentage, determined by the 
Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned by Moody’s to the Covered 
Bonds of the first Series on the Initial Issue Date; and (2) to the extent that the corporate rating of the Issuer 
by Moody’s is at the relevant date lower than the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s as at the Initial 
Issue Date, such other percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to 
obtain a rating of the Covered Bonds equal to the rating that Moody’s would have assigned by applying the 
same Moody’s methodology used to assign the rating to the Covered Bonds of the first Series on the Initial 
Issue Date and considering a scenario where the corporate rating of the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date was 
such lower rating; 
“Latest Valuation” means the most recent valuation of the relevant property performed in accordance with 
the BoI Regulations; 
“Potential Commingling Amount” means:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Milan 4226583.8 
(i) 
an amount equal to 2.1 per cent of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but 
excluding any Non-Performing Loans; or 
(ii) 
if the Second Moody’s Rating Trigger is outstanding and (x) any of the remedies set out in clause 
14.1.1(i) or (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount equal to zero or (y) none 
of the remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) and (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, 
an amount equal to 2.625 per cent of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool 
but excluding any Non-Performing Loans. 
The Potential Commingling Amount will be updated at least on a quarterly basis;  
A “Second Moody’s Rating Trigger” will be deemed to be outstanding if the Issuer’s short term unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt ratings assigned by Moody’s are at any time below “P2” by Moody’s; 
“Potential Set-Off Amounts” means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool that 
could potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights, and which in any 
case will never be lower than the Moody’s Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the 
case may be, except when the Issuer’s short term rating is at least “P1” by Moody’s. The Potential Set-Off 
Amounts will be updated at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer of Receivables to the Guarantor; 
“Moody’s Set-Off Exposure” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed 
under the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by 
the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant Seller vis à vis the 
Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction and (2) the aggregate amount 
as at the relevant date of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving 
accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant 
Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction, minus the 
Moody’s Deposit Compensation and (b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as at the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
“Moody’s Deposit Compensation” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed 
under the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), 
certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller at the 
Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 
minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant 
Seller as at the relevant date, minus an amount equal to the instalments due and paid under the 
relevant Mortgage Loan during the immediately preceding two months, and (b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the Compensation Threshold; 
“Compensation Threshold” means Euro 100,000.00; 
“Transfer Date” means, in respect of each Receivable arising under a Mortgage Loan, the later of (i) the 
date on which the relevant notice of assignment has been published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana and (ii) the date on which the relevant notice of assignment has been deposited with the 
relevant companies’ register.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial 
Seller) and any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation Test”). 
For the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the “Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” means an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A* Guarantee Asset Percentage +B+C-Z 
where: 
“A” is the lower of: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period multiplied by M; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M. 
For the purposes of items (1) and (2) above, M is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up 
to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three 
months in arrears but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent for all Non-Performing Loans. 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(I) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, an Affected Loan. In this 
event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) multiplied by M (where M 
is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months in arrears or not in 
arrears, and (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears but are 
not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent for all Non-Performing Loans; and/or 
(II) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, 
in any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this 
event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (I) above and to 
be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or 
the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); and/or 
(III) 
any Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, a Renegotiated Loan. In 
this event, the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Milan 4226583.8 
deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
each Renegotiated Loan calculated as the lower of (1) and (2) in “A” above multiplied by M (where M 
is equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have 
been suspended for less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, 
as at such date, payments have been suspended for more than 90 days but less than 181 days and 
(c) 100 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been 
suspended for more than 180 days); provided however that, for the period starting from 10 June 2020 
(included) and until 30 June 2021 (included), the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan multiplied by N (where N is 
equal to (a) zero for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments 
have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 25 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated 
Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 
90 days but less than 181 days (c) 50 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of 
which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days but less 
than 271 days and (d) 100 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at 
such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 270 days).  
Guarantee Asset percentage is equal to 1/(75% * (1/(AP) -1)+1) where AP is the Asset Percentage used 
on the last Calculation Date preceding the service of a Notice to Pay. 
“B” is the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Cover 
Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been provisioned as at 
the relevant Calculation Date to acquire further Subsequent Portfolios or otherwise provisioned in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
“C” is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and/or 
Eligible Investments as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Z” is the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor. 
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of the Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) 
and on any other date on which the verification of the Amortisation Test is required pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal Value Test is 
deemed to be met if the Amortisation Test is met. 
Following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will be entitled to serve a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the 
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. To avoid any doubt the service of a Breach of the amortisation 
Test Notice shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Consequences of the service of a Guarantor Dafault Notice on the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will be entitled to serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the 
Intercreditor Agreement and:

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Milan 4226583.8 
(a) 
all the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable at their Outstanding Principal 
Balance together with any appropriate accrued interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance together with any appropriate 
accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, subject to adequate satisfaction before doing so, take 
such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
as it may deem fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or 
steps unless requested or authorized to do so by a resolution of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(c) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use its best effort to sell Receivables and/or the 
Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in 
accordance with the provisions of this Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Milan 4226583.8 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
1) 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, shall at all times maintain, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the 
interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Expenses Account”; 
(b) 
the “Quota Capital Account”, a euro-denominated deposit account or any other account as 
may replace it in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement into which the 
sum representing 100 per cent of the Guarantor’s equity capital (equal to Euro 10,000) has 
been deposited and will remain deposited therein for so long as all Covered Bonds issued or to 
be issued by the Issuer have been paid in full; 
Expenses Account 
Payments into the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
on the Initial Issue Date the Expense Required Amount will be credited on the Expenses 
Account out of the interest collections received from the Initial Receivables credited to the Initial 
Collection Account during the period starting from the Initial Valuation Date and ending on the 
Initial Issue Date; 
(b) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals 
the Expense Required Amount; and 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Expenses Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto. 
Withdrawals from the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
at any time the Italian Account Bank will use the funds standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account to pay the Expenses on the basis of the payment instructions from time to time 
received from the Guarantor or the Corporate Servicer; and 
(b) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account and 
used to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
2) 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, shall at all times maintain with the Italian Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name 
of the Guarantor and in the interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Italian Collection Account”; 
(b) 
the “Italian Payments Account”; 
(c) 
the “Italian Cash Reserve Account”; and 
(d) 
the “Italian Commingling Account”. 
Italian Collection Account 
Payments into the Italian Collection Account: 
(a) 
all the collections and/or recoveries arising out of the Portfolios as they are collected and/or 
received and deposited by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement;

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Milan 4226583.8 
(b) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of the Portfolios under the 
Master Transfer Agreements and the Servicing Agreement;  
(c) 
all the funds advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreements and to be used for the 
purposes of creating Eligible Deposits;  
(d) 
all other sums paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents including – for 
the avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Sellers in accordance with the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements; and 
(e) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Italian Collection Account (if any) will be 
credited thereto. 
Withdrawals from the Italian Collection Account: 
(a) 
the Italian Account Bank will transfer from the Italian Collection Account to the English 
Investment Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, 
and standing to the credit of, the Italian Collection Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
(b) 
on quarterly basis and on the basis of the Payment Instructions from time to time received from 
the Guarantor or the Corporate Servicer, the amount necessary to fund the Italian Payments 
Account; and 
(c) 
on the Initial Issue Date, the amount necessary to fund the Expense Required Amount. 
Italian Payments Account 
Payments into the Italian Payments Account: 
(a) 
on the second Business Day before each Guarantor Payment Date all the amounts standing to 
the credit of Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account; 
(b) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap 
Agreements will be credited to the Italian Payments Account, except for collateral to be credited 
to the relevant English Swap Collateral Account; 
(c) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Selected Assets under the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(d) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts held with both the Italian Account Bank and the 
English Account Bank (except as otherwise provided herein); 
(e) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the English 
Investment Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the Eligible 
Investments and Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection 
Period, if any, will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account; 
(f) 
upon instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent any amount standing to the credit of the 
Italian Commingling Account shall be credited on the Italian Payments Account; 
(g) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed in full or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the English Investment Account will be transferred to the 
Italian Payments Account; and 
(h) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed in full or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any 
amounts standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the 
Italian Payments Account.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Milan 4226583.8 
Withdrawals from the Italian Payments Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments 
Report and Payment Instructions, will, no later than 13.00 (Italian time), make those payments 
as are indicated in the relevant Payments Report in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments (including any payment as purchase price of Subsequent Portfolios) other than those 
set out in paragraph (b) below; and 
(b) 
one Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date falling after the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report, will transfer to the 
Subsequent Paying Agent the amounts necessary for the Subsequent Paying Agent to execute 
payments of interests and principal due in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Italian Cash Reserve Account 
Payments into the Italian Cash Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, monies will be credited to the Italian Cash Reserve Account 
in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals 
the relevant Required Reserve Amount on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
Withdrawals from the Italian Cash Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on the second Business Day before each Guarantor Payment Date all the amounts standing to 
the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments 
Account; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Italian 
Cash Reserve Account, if any, will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account;  
(c) 
the Italian Account Bank will transfer from the Italian Cash Reserve Account to the English 
Investment Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, 
and standing to the credit of, the Italian Cash Reserve Account on the relevant Investment 
Date; and 
(d) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments 
Account and used to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Italian Commingling Account 
Payments into the Italian Commingling Account: 
(a) 
within the fifth Business Day of each Collection Period, and in any event within 14 days 
following the BPER downgrade provided for under Article 14.1.1 of the Servicing Agreement, an 
amount, as calculated by the Servicer according to Article 14.1.1 (ii) of the Servicing 
Agreement, will be credited to the Italian Commingling Account; 
Withdrawals from the Italian Commingling Account: 
(a) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Italian Commingling Account, shall be credited on the 
Italian Payments Account upon instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
within the fifth Business Day of each Collection Period any amount exceeding the calculation 
provided by the Servicer according to Article 14.1.1 (ii) of the Servicing Agreement will be paid 
back to the Servicer; and

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Milan 4226583.8 
(c) 
the Italian Account Bank will transfer from the Italian Commingling Account to the English 
Investment Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, 
and standing to the credit of, the Italian Commingling Account on the relevant Investment Date. 
3) 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, shall at all times maintain with the English Account Bank, in the name of the Guarantor 
and in the interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “English Investment Account”;  
(b) 
the “English Securities Account”. 
English Investment Account 
Payments into the English Investment Account: 
(a) 
an English Investment Account into which (i) amounts standing to the credit of the Italian 
Collection Account, the Italian Cash Reserve Account and the Italian Commingling Account will 
be deposited upon discretion of the Investment Agent and (ii) on each Liquidation Date, by 
15.00 (Italian time), the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Eligible Investments and 
Integration Assets consisting of securities standing to the credit of the English Securities 
Account and the interest accrued on the investments until the end of the Collection Period, if 
any, will be credited;  
(b) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the English Investment Account (if any) will be 
credited thereto; 
Withdrawals from the English Investment Account: 
(a) 
the funds standing to the credit of the English Investment Account (if any) will be used to make 
Eligible Investments in accordance with Clause 11 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the English 
Investment Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the relevant 
Eligible Investments and Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding 
Collection Period, if any, will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account; and 
(c) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the English Investment Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments 
Account and used to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
“Investment Date” means any date in which the Investment Agent elects to make investments according to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
English Securities Account 
Payments into the English Securities Account: 
(a) 
all securities constituting Eligible Investments purchased upon instruction of the Investment 
Agent with the amounts standing to the credit of the English Investment Account, pursuant to 
any order of the Investment Agent, and all Integration Assets consisting of securities will be 
deposited. 
Withdrawals from the English Securities Account: 
(a) 
on each relevant Liquidation Date, by 13.00 (Italian time) the Eligible Investments standing to 
the credit of the English Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds credited to the

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Milan 4226583.8 
English Investment Account by the Cash Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case 
not later than 13.00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection Period; 
(b) 
the Integration Assets consisting of securities will be liquidated in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and proceeds credited to the English Investment Account by the 
Cash Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13.00 (Italian time) of 
the last day of the relevant Collection Period; and 
(c) 
before 13.00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection Period, the interest accrued 
on the investments until the end of the Collection Period standing to the credit balance of the 
English Securities Account, if any, will be transferred to the English Investment Account. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for 
any amount other than any Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the 
Payments Report Date falling on six months after the immediately following Payments Report 
Date for the Principal Available Funds. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in any such account 
becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Milan 4226583.8 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS  
BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between BPER as Initial 
Seller and the Guarantor, as subsequently amended and restated (the “BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement”), the Initial Seller (a) has transferred without recourse (pro soluto) to the Guarantor an initial 
portfolio of monetary receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the “Initial Receivables”) and (b) may assign 
and transfer without recourse (pro soluto) any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets (the 
“Subsequent Portfolio”) to the Guarantor from time to time, in the cases and subject to the limits on the 
transfer of Subsequent Portfolios. 
“Eligible Assets” means the Mortgage Loans and the Public Securities.  
“Integration Assets” (Attività Idonee Integrative) means the assets mentioned in Article 2, paragraph 3, 
point 2 and 3, of the MEF Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; and (ii) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not greater than one year, which, 
according to the MEF Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 15% of the Portfolio. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari 
residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. 
(a) and (b), of the MEF Decree. 
“Public Securities” means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, lett. 
c), of the MEF Decree. 
“Subsequent Portfolio” (Portafoglio Successivo) means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets which, further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, the Guarantor shall purchase from the Initial Seller 
and/or the Additional Sellers pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Valuation Date” means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 30 June 2015; and (ii) in respect of any 
portfolio of Subsequent Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent Portfolios. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined and the purchase price for the 
Subsequent Portfolios will be determined pursuant to the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
The Subsequent Portfolio 
In accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
BPER may (or, in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests and the other tests provided 
for in the Transaction Documents, shall) transfer further Subsequent Portfolios in the following 
circumstances: 
(a) 
to collateralise the issue of further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the 
Limits to the Assignment (each an “Issuance Assignment”); 
(b) 
to invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
(c) 
to ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
subject to compliance with the provisions of the MEF Decree (the “Integration Assignment”).

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Integration Assignment 
The integration of the Cover Pool (whether through Integration Assets or Subsequent Portfolios) shall be 
allowed solely for the purpose of complying with the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test or to 
comply with the Integration Assets Limit (as defined below) provided for under the OBG Regulations. 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be carried out through the Integration Assets provided that, the 
Integration Assets shall not be, at any time, higher than 15 per cent of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets Limit”). 
“Integration Assets” means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, points 2 and 3, of the MEF 
Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; and (ii) securities issued by banks 
residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not greater than one year, which, according to the MEF 
Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 15% of the Portfolio. 
Further assignments 
Each Subsequent Portfolio shall be exclusively composed of monetary receivables arising under Mortgage 
Loans, which comply with the general criteria indicated in schedule 1 to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (the “General Criteria”) and, if applicable in relation to the relevant transfer, the Specific Criteria 
specified in the relevant offer for sale sent by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Portfolios shall be conditional upon: 
(a) 
for the Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) confirmation by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory 
Tests will be complied with;  
(b) 
for the Issuance Assignments, (i) sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan, 
to pay the relevant purchase price, (ii) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (iii) confirmation by 
the Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Mandatory Tests will be complied with; and 
(c) 
for the Integration Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan 
and/or, only prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available 
Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) 
confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test 
and the Mandatory Tests will be complied with. 
Price adjustments 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolio 
does not meet the Criteria and was therefore erroneously transferred to the Guarantor, then such 
Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolio will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred 
to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any initial receivable or subsequent receivable 
which met the Criteria was not included in the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Portfolios, then 
such Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolios shall be deemed to have been assigned and 
transferred to the Guarantor as of the Valuation Date of the relevant Initial Receivable or Subsequent 
Portfolios, pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Milan 4226583.8 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor have set up a proper 
mechanism to manage the necessary settlements for the substitution or acquisition of the relevant Initial 
Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios and the increase or decrease, as the case may be, of the amounts 
already paid as purchase price. 
Repurchase of receivables and Pre-emption right 
(a) 
The Initial Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios assigned by it, also in different tranches, 
in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
(b) 
According to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller is granted a pre-emption right to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios assigned by it, to be sold by the Guarantor 
to third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for such third parties. 
Termination of the Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Subsequent Portfolios 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent 
Portfolios from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the 
Programme Termination Date has occurred; or (b) a Notice to Pay has been served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor.  
For the purposes hereof, “Programme Termination Date” means the later of: 
(i) 
the date falling on the last calendar day of the tenth year after the Initial Issue Date; and 
(ii) 
the date on which all Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been redeemed in 
full. 
Moreover, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Initial Seller shall 
terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) a breach of material obligations of BPER as Initial 
Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in the event such breach is not cured 
within the period specified in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (b) any 
material breach of BPER’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party and such breach has a material adverse effect on the Covered Bondholders; (c) a material 
adverse change has occurred in respect of BPER; (d) a change of control of BPER which has caused BPER 
not to be part of the BPER Group; and (e) winding up of BPER, or opening of other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding with respect to BPER. 
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios from BPER without prejudice, however, with the provisions set out in the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement in relation to Integration Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Initial Seller in respect 
of its activities in relation to the Receivables. The Initial Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from 
carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables which may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any 
Receivables and, in particular, not to assign or transfer the Receivables to any third party or to create any 
security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the 
Receivables. The Initial Seller has also undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of the 
Receivables to become invalid or cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Receivables or the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the Initial Seller shall waive any 
set off rights in respect of the Receivables, and co-operate actively with the Guarantor in any activity 
concerning the Receivables.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Milan 4226583.8 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a member of the BPER Group (each an 
“Additional Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Portfolio, to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of 
certain conditions, and which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each an 
“Additional Master Transfer Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, 
the “Master Transfer Agreements” and, any one of them, a “Master Transfer Agreement”); and 
(ii) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached 
to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Governing law 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
The Guarantor appointed BPER (in such capacity, the “Servicer”) as servicer of the Receivables pursuant to 
the terms of a servicing agreement dated 17 September 2015, as subsequently amended (the “Servicing 
Agreement”).  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection 
with the Receivables, and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for the management of the 
Receivables respectively assigned by it and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements of 
the Law 130. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides 
that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence, inter alia, 
the following activities: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables in accordance with the collection 
policies, management and administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
being responsible for data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali) in respect of 
the data relating to the Receivables respectively assigned by it pursuant to Article 29 of the Legislative 
Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as amended and supplemented from time to time, (the “Decree 
196/2003”) and to Article 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR” and, together 
with the Decree 196/2003, the “Privacy Law”); 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the respective documents relating to the Receivables 
respectively assigned by it; to consent to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders examining and inspecting the documents and drawing copies; and 
(d) 
upon the service of a Notice to Pay, a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default 
Notice, to comply with the instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if 
acting on behalf of the Guarantor, sell or offer to sell to third parties one or more Receivables, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except, inter alia, for 
the supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy Regulations of 3 April 2015, No. 288, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the 
activities performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully 
indemnified for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by 
the Servicer. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the 
collections and recoveries made in respect of the Receivables during the preceding Collection Period. After 
the occurrence of a breach of any of the Tests, and until the date on which such breach has been cured, or, 
prior to a breach of any of the Test, at any time at its discretion, the Servicer will prepare and submit to the 
Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Rating Agency and the Guarantor Calculation Agent. The reports will provide the main information 
relating to the Servicer’s activity during each such period. 
Successor Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have 
the right to withdraw the appointment of the relevant Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity 
(each a “Successor Servicer”). The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of 
administration, management and collection of the relevant Receivables in respect of which it has been 
appointed, as well as all other activities provided for in the relevant Servicing Agreement by entering into a 
servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as the relevant Servicing Agreement 
and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer following 
the occurrence of certain termination events set out in the Servicing Agreement (each a “Servicer 
Termination Event”). 
The Servicer Termination Events include, inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the relevant Servicer which failure continues for a 
period of five Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer of a written notice from the 
Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(b) 
the Bank of Italy has proposed to the Minister of Finance to admit the relevant Servicer to any 
insolvency proceeding or a request for the judicial assessment of the insolvency of the relevant 
Servicer has been filed with the competent office or the relevant Servicer has been admitted to the 
procedures set out in articles 74 and 76 of the Banking Act, or a resolution is passed by the relevant 
Servicer with the intention of applying for such proceedings to be initiated; 
(c) 
failure by the relevant Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following 
receipt of written notice from the Guarantor and such failure is reasonably deemed by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
the representations and warranties made by the Servicer in the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party are materially false or misleading and such misrepresentation is reasonably deemed by the 
Representative of the covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s regulations for entities 
acting as servicer; and

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Milan 4226583.8 
(f) 
the Servicer ceases to belong to the BPER Group.  
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, it is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity 
agreement, as subsequently amended (the “BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), pursuant to 
which the Initial Seller made certain representations and warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the 
portfolios of Receivables transferred and to be transferred by it. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as of each subsequent 
transfer date and as of each Issue Date, the Initial Seller has given to the Guarantor, inter alia, 
representations and warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the information and the documents 
provided to the Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Receivables assigned by it, (d) the status of the 
Receivables assigned by it and (e) the terms and conditions of the Receivables assigned by it. 
Pursuant to the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Initial Seller has undertaken to fully and 
promptly indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against 
any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for 
damages by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations 
and/or warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being 
actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Initial Seller to perform any of the obligations and 
undertakings assumed by the Initial Seller under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
Moreover, the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement provides that, in the event of a misrepresentation 
or a breach of any of the representations and warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement, which materially and adversely affects the value of one or more Receivables or 
the interest of the Guarantor in such Receivables, and such misrepresentation or breach is not cured, 
whether by payment of damages or indemnification or otherwise, by the Initial Seller within a period of 30 
(thirty) days from receipt of a written notice from the Guarantor to that effect (the “Cure Period”), the 
Guarantor has the option, pursuant to article 1331 of the Italian Civil Code, to assign and transfer to the 
Initial Seller all of the Receivables affected by any such misrepresentation or breach (the “Affected 
Receivables”). The Guarantor will be entitled to exercise the put option by giving to the Initial Seller, at any 
time during the period commencing on the Business Day immediately following the last day of the Cure 
Period and ending on the day which is 180 days after such Business Day, written notice to that effect (the 
“Put Option Notice”). 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolio to the Guarantor, will be, inter alia, required to enter 
into with the Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially 
the same terms and conditions of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such agreement, an 
“Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” and, together with the BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, the “Warranty and Indemnity Agreements”). 
Governing law 
The BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Milan 4226583.8 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended (the “BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller 
has granted to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum amount equal 
to the BPER Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall make 
advances to the Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant price of the Receivables transferred from time to 
time to the Guarantor by it, including the Subsequent Portfolios or Integration Assets to be transferred in 
order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each advance granted by the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term loan advanced to fund the purchase price of 
Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (the “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term 
loan advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Subsequent Portfolios and/or Integration Assets in the 
framework of an Integration Assignment (the “Integration Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the 
purpose of paying any amount required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase 
price of Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (the “Price Adjustment Advance”); and (d) financing the creation of Eligible Deposits (the 
“Eligible Deposits Advance” and, together with the Issuance Advance, the Integration Advance and the 
Price Adjustment Advance, the “Advances”).  
The Guarantor shall pay any interest due under the Subordinated Loan on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the Subordinated Loan Interest. 
“Subordinated Loan Interest” means: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and, in the event that such Notice to Pay has been revoked, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Interest Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (ix) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment; or 
(b) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been revoked, 
but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vi) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments; or 
(c) 
following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice but prior the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments. 
(d) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice an amount equal to the higher of zero and the 
algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the latest maturity date of the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the Available Funds and in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.Notwithstanding the above, prior to the service of a Notice 
to Pay, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request from the Initial Seller, the Advances shall be repaid by the 
Guarantor prior to the date that matches the maturity date of the relevant series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, provided that the Calculation 
Agent confirms that, as a result of such early repayment, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests 
will be complied with. 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor will be required to enter into with 
the Guarantor a subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms 
and conditions of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement an “Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
In such event, the portion of Subordinated Loan Interest to be paid to the Initial Seller and the relevant 
Additional Sellers will be determined on the basis of the formula to be agreed from time to time by the Initial 
Seller such Additional Sellers and the Guarantor (and indicatively based on the portion of assets transferred 
by each Seller at any date with respect to the aggregate amount of the Cover Pool at the same date). 
Governing law 
The BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of 
Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee:  
(i) 
following the service of a Notice of Pay or a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be 
paid, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be 
paid, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, paragraph 1 of Law 130 and article 4 of the MEF Decree, the guarantee provided 
under this Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma a prima 
richiesta) and therefore provides for direct and independent obligations of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the 
Covered Bondholders. The obligation of payment under this Covered Bond Guarantee shall be an 
unconditional and irrevocable (irrevocabile) obligation of the Guarantor, irrespective of, and unaffected by, 
any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability or genuineness of any of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds, with limited recourse to the Available Funds.  
The Covered Bond Guarantee is not a “fideiussione” and therefore the provisions of the Italian Civil Code 
relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della 
fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Obbligazione del fideiussore), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 
1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione 
futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Milan 4226583.8 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant 
to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, subject as described below 
in relation to an Article 74 Event. In addition, if an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant 
Final Terms, where the Guarantor is required to make a payment of a Guaranteed Amount in respect of a 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, to the 
extent that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available after payment of higher ranking amounts and 
taking into account amounts ranking pari passu therewith in the relevant Priority of Payments, to pay such 
Guaranteed Amounts, it shall make partial payments of such Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments on such Maturity Date and any such amount due and 
remaining unpaid on such date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date, if applicable. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default arising as a result of a resolution issued in respect of 
the Issuer pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act (an “Article 74 Event”) and the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Guarantor, in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, shall be solely 
responsible for making the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts falling due under the relevant Covered 
Bonds during the applicable Suspension Period. The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Article 74 
Event Cure Notice”), informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, provided that in 
relation to such cure event, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled, if it deems 
appropriate, to receive and to rely upon prior confirmation from competent professionals of such cure event 
having occurred. Upon service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice and unless a Notice to Pay in connection 
with the occurrence of another Issuer Event of Default has been otherwise served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligation to make payment of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall cease to apply and the Issuer shall resume responsibility for making any 
payment due under the Covered Bonds. 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will 
become Pass Through Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions and will rank pari passu and 
without any preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be applied in 
accordance with the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will accelerate 
against the Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions and will become immediately due and payable 
ranking pari passu and without any preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available 
Funds shall be applied in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the Italian Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the 
Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the 
appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Guarantor will not be 
obliged to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor – also in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Pool 
Administration Agreement and with reference and as of the date of compulsory administrative liquidation

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Milan 4226583.8 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of article 4, paragraph 3, 
of the MEF Decree – shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the relevant Covered Bonds, 
so that the rights of the Covered Bondholders to receive payments under such Covered Bonds in such 
circumstances shall only be a right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of 
the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the 
Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall be subrogated in the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and, to the 
extent applicable, in compliance with the provisions of article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree, the rights of 
the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer. Any amount so recovered from the Issuer shall form part of 
the Available Funds. 
As a result and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders) has irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Guarantor – to the Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer and to demand performance 
by the Issuer of any of its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds, including any right to enforce any 
acceleration of payment against the Issuer provided under the Conditions or under applicable laws and 
regulations. 
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms.  
“Due for Payment Date” means the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bond, the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) (i) following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, and (ii) following the service of a 
Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date or (iii) 
after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
on the Due for Payment Date, including all Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional 
Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bonds provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the 
Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was 
paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and 
recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in 
bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not 
been paid or recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and (ii) only with 
respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and if the relevant Notice to Pay has been served on any CB Payment Date or within two 
Business Days after any CB Payment Date, the day which is seven Business Days after such CB 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has become a Pass Through Series, such CB Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity Date of the 
relevant Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
after the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and service of a Breach of the Amortisation 
Test Notice on the Guarantor and provided that all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds have 
become Pass Through Series, such CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
provided that the final Maturity Date of all outstanding Pass Through Series shall be the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where applicable 
after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
each case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in 
respect of any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. The Scheduled 
Interest shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amounts relating to 
premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to 
Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered 
Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB 
Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may 
be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: (i) prior to 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to prepayments, early 
redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest payable by the Issuer 
following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts”); and (ii) after the 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if the 
Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such relevant Series, such Extended 
Maturity Date. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to 
article 74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer and ending on the date on which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in 
accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that 
falls due and payable during such period. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Milan 4226583.8 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date (the “Corporate 
Services Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain corporate, 
administrative and accounting services, including the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting 
and tax registers. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as 
subsequently amended, (the “Intercreditor Agreement”) among the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the 
Issuer, BPER in any capacity, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment Agent, the English Account Bank, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties, 
the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and 
the Calculation Agent (with the exception of the Guarantor, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties agreed that 
all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor’s payment 
obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to the 
service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, ensure that all the Available 
Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of the payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, 
as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance with, respectively, the Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments and the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each 
case subject to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the Secured Creditors have irrevocably 
agreed that, upon all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the 
activities provided by the Cover Pool Administration Agreement following the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice and (b) to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as a mandatario con 
rappresentanza of the Guarantor, also in the interest and for the benefit of the other Secured Creditors 
(according to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code), any and all of the 
Guarantor’s Rights, including, without limitation, the right to give instructions, under each relevant 
Transaction Document, to each of the Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, 
the Sellers, the Subordinated Loan Providers, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment 
Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and any other 
Secured Creditors. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result of 
its taking any action or failing to take any action in accordance with such mandate, except in the case of its 
wilful misconduct or gross negligence (dolo o colpa grave). 
“Guarantor’s Rights” means the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to the Cover Pool, any rights that 
the Guarantor has under the Transaction Documents and any other rights that the Guarantor has against 
any Secured Creditors (including any applicable guarantors or successors) or third parties in connection with 
the Programme.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Milan 4226583.8 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account Bank, the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders entered into a cash management and agency agreement, as subsequently 
amended, (the “Cash Management and Agency Agreement”), pursuant to which the English Account 
Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying 
Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the 
Calculation Agent will provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and reporting services, 
together with account handling and cash management services in relation to moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
5 (five) Business Days after the end of the Calculation Period, as the case may be, the English 
Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with a report together 
with account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts; 
(b) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will, inter alia, calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date (including, if any, amounts due to, respectively, BPER pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreements) pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and 
deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Cash Manager payments report to that effect (the 
“Payments Report”);  
(c) 
upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible 
Investments and the amounts of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and will, prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders a report to that effect (the “Post-Acceleration Report”);  
(d) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with an investors report (the 
“Investor Report”) which will set out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the 
Covered Bonds; the Investor Report will be fully available at the Guarantor Calculation Agent web site 
no later than five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
the Primary Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents;  
(f) 
after the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise 
revoked in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Subsequent 
Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds; and 
(g) 
on any Estense CPT Cover Pool Report Date, the Calculation Agent shall prepare a report setting out 
certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool pursuant to article 129, 
paragraph 7, of CRR (the “Estense CPT Cover Pool Report”). The Estense CPT Cover Pool Report 
will be published in the Issuer’s web site.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Milan 4226583.8 
Account Banks 
The Italian Collection Account, the Italian Payments Account, the Italian Cash Reserve Account, the Italian 
Commingling Account will be opened in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the Italian 
Account Bank, and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance 
with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The English Investment Account, the English Securities Account and the English Swap Collateral Account 
will be opened in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the English Account Bank (together 
with the Italian Account Bank, the “Account Banks”), and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be 
debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account shall be operated by any bank as selected by the 
Corporate Servicer and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Account Banks shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect of all the 
Accounts are maintained and such records will, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date, 
as the case may be, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the close of 
business of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the 
Accounts, respectively, as of the close of business of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; and (iii) 
details of all amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made from, each of the Accounts, respectively, 
in the course of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Account Banks will inform the Guarantor 
and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, upon their request, about the balance of those of the 
Accounts which are held with it. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager, the Subsequent Paying 
Agent, the English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank shall always qualify as an Eligible Institution, 
and failure to so qualify shall constitute a termination event thereunder. 
Investment Agent 
During each Collection Period, the Investment Agent may instruct the Italian Account Bank and the Cash 
Manager to invest on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the English Investment Account 
in Eligible Investments which have the requisite maturity date, and any return generated thereby, and 
principal thereof, will be transferred to the English Investment Account, and will form part of the Available 
Funds on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Investment Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the types 
and amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and 
on which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
On or prior to the Investor Report Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Rating Agency, the Investor Report setting out certain information with respect to the Cover 
Pool and the Covered Bonds. 
On each Payments Report Date, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will calculate the amounts to be disbursed 
on the following Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and 
submit to the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Swap 
Counterparties, the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer the relevant Payments Report. The 
Payments Report will set out the Available Funds and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments Report

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Milan 4226583.8 
will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if 
the Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and 
that such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and applied in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the Italian 
Payments Account and shall be considered as Available Funds and applied on the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date.  
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the 
Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such amounts 
shall be applied to make payments under the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent shall, on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible 
Investments and the amounts of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and will prepare and submit the Post-Acceleration Report to, 
inter alios, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, each of the Secured Creditors, the Issuer and 
the Rating Agency as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of request for its production and, in 
any event, no later than five Business Days following such request.  
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date. 
“Investor’s Report Date” means five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, execute the payment instructions stated by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent and shall allocate the amounts standing on the Accounts according to the relevant Priority of 
Payments on the basis of the Payments Report or the Post-Acceleration Report (as applicable). 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare the Test Performance Reports, subject to receipt by it of reports from the 
Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer. 
Primary Paying Agent 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise 
revoked in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Primary Paying Agent 
will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
and the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Subsequent Paying Agent 
After the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Subsequent Paying Agent shall 
make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor in

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Milan 4226583.8 
accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks, the Cash Manager or the Subsequent 
Paying Agent ceasing to qualify as Eligible Institutions, either the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Guarantor) the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders consents in writing to such termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, 
as the case may be, under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The opening and managing provisions concerning the English Investment Account, the English Securities 
Account and the English Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, (and the duties of the English Account Bank in 
respect thereof) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders have entered into 
a cover pool administration agreement, as subsequently amended (the “Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement”). Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer, also in its capacity as Initial 
Seller and the Guarantor have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in 
order to cure a breach of the Tests (as described in detail in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests” 
below). 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on a ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be) and until the Programme Termination Date that the Mandatory Test (as described in detail in the 
section headed “Credit structure – Tests” below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller shall procure that on any Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, that the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests”) is met. 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial 
Seller) and any Additional Seller will ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the 
service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Milan 4226583.8 
Documents, as the case may be, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, that the Asset Coverage Test 
is met as of the date specified in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and, following the service of a 
Notice to Pay, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report is to be delivered pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the 
case may be, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Swap Counterparties, the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Rating Agency 
and the Asset Monitor, a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests (the 
“Test Performance Report”). Such report shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests 
and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test. 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach of 
any Test, the Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent 
use the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent 
the Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Portfolios, in an 
amount sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date. Failing the 
Issuer to cure the Tests, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon 
as possible, sufficient Subsequent Portfolios. If the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following 
Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the “Breach of 
Tests Notice”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the relevant Tests are not satisfied on or before the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its 
sole discretion, and shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach 
of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor), the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered 
Bonds) direct – in the date falling (i) within 30 calendar days after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor following a non-payment referred to under Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (ii) in any 
other case of a service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor other than for a non-payment, six 
months prior to the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (the Sale Date) – the Servicer to 
sell the Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other 
than Eligible Deposits, in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
subject to the pre-emption right of the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
The proceeds from any such sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account and applied as set out in 
the applicable Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor shall, through a tender process, appoint a bank or investment company or an auditing firm of 
a recognised standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or financing of portfolio of 
receivables, to act as cover pool manager (the Cover Pool Manager), on a basis intended to incentivise the 
Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (if such terms are 
commercially available in the market), and to advise it in relation to the sale of Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (except where the 
relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Milan 4226583.8 
with the provisions of the Cover Pool Admnistration Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to 
the appointment of the Cover Pool Manager in accordance with such tender shall be approved in writing by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The instructions given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in 
line with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and will include the duty to prepare and 
send to the Rating Agency a business plan containing any relevant information on the sale of assets 
performed by it pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. The Servicer will be 
required to comply with the directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. Upon its appointment, the Cover 
Pool Manager shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the applicable obligations 
provided therein. 
Before offering Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool 
(other than Eligible Deposits) for sale in accordance with the Cover Pool Admnistration Agreement, the 
Guarantor shall ensure that the assets to be offered for sale (the Selected Assets): (i) have been selected 
from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets will be selected than it is necessary to 
raise disposal proceeds as close as possible but in any case higher than the Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) of the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds in a total amount calculated in accordance to the following formula: 
Adjusted 
Required 
Redemption 
Amount 
X 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Receivables and 
Integration Assets and Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding 
 
For the purposes of the formula above: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means an amount equal to:  
i. 
the Required Redemption Amount of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds; 
plus or minus 
ii. 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered 
Bonds) or by the relevant Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
iii. 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Euro Equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and Eligible Investments, 
without double counting any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised in the Selected 
Assets; plus 
iv. 
all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment Dates, up until the Maturity Date of 
the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, to repay amounts ranking in priority or pari passu to the 
amounts to be paid on the Earliest Maturity Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event 
of Default Priority of Payments. 
Required Redemption Amount means, (a) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of (i) the weighted 
average remaining maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 365, 
(ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, 
and (iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
The sale of the Selected Assets will be executed provided that: 
(a) 
prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets the Amortisation Test is complied with; and

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Milan 4226583.8 
(b) 
the proceeds of the sale of the Selected Assets are equal to or higher than the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount of the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds. 
If the sale of the Selected Assets has not been executed by the first Sale Date, then the Guarantor shall 
repeat its attempt to sale the Selected Asset, ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) 
will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement, starting from the date falling six months after the first Sale Date and thereafter every sixth 
months until the earlier of (i) the date of which a breach of the Amortisation Test occurred (in which case the 
provisions under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), (ii) the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
occurred (in which case the provisions under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), (iii) the date on 
which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, (iv) the Extended Maturity Date. 
At the Extended Maturity Date unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Guarantor shall (so authorised by means 
of execution of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise 
with the Servicer, to immediately sale the Selected Assets at the best price reasonably obtainable taking into 
account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will 
have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may assign to the purchaser of Selected Assets 
or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap, subject to (i) the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, (ii) the consent of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and (iii) confirmation by Moody’s that any such assignment or 
termination will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor (but prior to the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could 
liaise with the Servicer, to immediately sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities 
included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) 
pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the 
Italian Payments Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, through a tender process, 
appoint a Cover Pool Manager, on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the 
best price for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (if such terms are commercially available in the market), and to 
advise them in relation to the sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included 
in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption 
rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement).  
To avoid any doubt, provided that after the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice all the 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds have become Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the sale of the 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible 
Deposits) will be executed ensuring that the assets to be offered for sale (the Selected Assets After the 
Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice) (i) have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random 
Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice will be selected 
than it is necessary to raise disposal proceeds as close as possible but in any case higher than:

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Milan 4226583.8 
i. 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of any outstanding Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds; plus or 
minus 
ii. 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered 
Bonds) or by the relevant Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
iii. 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Euro Equivalent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and Eligible Investments, 
without double counting any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised in the Selected 
Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice. 
If the sale of the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice could not be 
immediately executed according to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement – being such 
a sale date defined as the Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice – then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with the Servicer to repeat its attempt to sale the 
Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, ensuring that the Initial Seller or 
any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement, starting from the date falling six months after the first Sale Date After 
the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice and thereafter every sixth months until the earlier of (i) 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor occurred, (ii) the date on which all the Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, (iii) the Extended Maturity Date. 
At the Extended Maturity Date unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final terms, the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of 
execution of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with 
the Servicer, to immediately sale the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice at the best price reasonably obtainable taking into account the market conditions at that time ensuring 
that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in 
accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, may assign to the 
purchaser of Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or terminate, if so 
requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to the 
relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement), instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to 
procure that all Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool 
(other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price 
reasonably obtainable in each case taking into account the market conditions at that time, subject to any pre-
emption right of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, through a tender process, appoint a Cover Pool 
Manager, on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of 
the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Milan 4226583.8 
Eligible Deposits (if such terms are commercially available in the market), and to advise it in relation to the 
sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than 
Eligible Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement). 
The instructions given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in line with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. The Servicer will be required to comply with the directions given by the Cover 
Pool Manager. Upon its appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, 
undertaking all the applicable obligations provided therein.  
With respect to any sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and 
on behalf of the Guarantor, may assign to the purchaser of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Public Securities included in the Cover Pool or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its 
rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. entered into a quotaholders’ agreement (the “Quotaholders’ Agreement”) containing provisions and 
undertakings in relation to the management of the Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has granted a call option in favour of the Issuer 
to purchase from SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and the Issuer has granted a put option in 
favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. to sell to the Issuer the quota of the Guarantor 
quota capital held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
Governing law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of Covered Bondholders, 
the Arranger and the Initial Dealer entered into a programme agreement, as subsequently amended (the 
“Programme Agreement”), which contains certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be 
issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any 
Series or Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in 
reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to 
be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, 
under any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series or Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Initial Dealer has appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, which appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, 
expenses and claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on, 
breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer: (a) 
generally in respect of the Programme; or (b) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market-making provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Guarantor have given certain representations 
and warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information given by them in 
connection with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in 
relation to the syndicated issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties to such Subscription 
Agreement (the “Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a subscription agreement under which the Relevant 
Dealers will agree to subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out 
therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Italian Deed of Pledge 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed an Italian deed of pledge (the “Italian Deed 
of Pledge”) pursuant to which the Guarantor has granted in favour of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, 
concurrently with the issue of the Covered Bonds, (i) an Italian law pledge over all monetary claims and 
rights and all the amounts (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and 
guarantees) to which the Guarantor is entitled from time to time pursuant to Master Transfer Agreements, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement and the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement; and (ii) an Italian law pledge all the monetary rights and claims relating to the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Pledged Accounts and any other account established by the Guarantor with the Italian 
Account Bank. 
Governing law 
The Italian Deed of Pledge, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Milan 4226583.8 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed a deed of charge (the “English Law Deed of 
Charge and Assignment”) pursuant to which the Guarantor has granted in favour of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders for itself and as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors, inter alia, (i) an English law assignment by way of security of all the Guarantor’s rights under the 
Swap Agreements and all present and future contracts, agreements, deeds and documents governed by 
English law to which the Guarantor may become a party in relation to the Covered Bonds and the Cover 
Pool; (ii) an English law charge over the English Investment Account, the English Securities Account and the 
English Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, any amounts standing to the credit of, or deposited in, such 
accounts and the rights and benefits arising from such accounts; and (iii) a floating charge over all of the 
Guarantor’s assets which are subject to the charge and assignments described under (i) and (ii) above and 
not effectively assigned thereunder. 
Governing law 
The English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed a mandate agreement (the “Mandate 
Agreement”) pursuant to which the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable mandate to the Representative 
of Covered Bondholders for the exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain circumstances indicated 
in the Mandate Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Swap Agreements 
Covered Bond Swaps 
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date 
with the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate, basis, and/or, if applicable, 
currency, risks in respect of, after the service of a Notice to Pay, amounts payable by the Guarantor in 
respect of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will 
entitle either party to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the respective Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring 
all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap), the 
Guarantor will be entitled to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of 
the respective Covered Bond Swap. 
No Covered Bond Swap has been entered into in connection with both the first and the second Series of 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Milan 4226583.8 
Mortgage Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, the 
Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparties. 
Any such Mortgage Pool Swap will hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in 
the Cover Pool. 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will 
entitle either party to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. In particular, the respective Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring 
all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap), the 
Guarantor will be entitled to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Mortgage Pool Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of 
the respective Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap, which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and (ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty 
respectively, will be documented in accordance with the documentation published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and relevant Credit Support Annex (“CSA”). 
Pursuant to the relevant CSA, if required to do so following a downgrade of the relevant Swap Counterparty 
or the downgrade of such Swap Counterparty’s credit support provider, as the case may be, and subject to 
the conditions specified in the CSA, such Swap Counterparty will make transfers of collateral (either cash or 
securities) to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the 
“Collateral”), to the English Swap Collateral Account opened in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty . 
Collateral (and all income in respect thereof) transferred to the relevant English Swap Collateral Account will 
only be available to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts 
owing by the relevant Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant CSA. 
Any Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly in accordance 
with the terms of the relevant CSA and not under the Priorities of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Milan 4226583.8 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is an overview of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions described in 
this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to 
be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130 and Article 7-bis thereof. General remarks 
Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process and to 
facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted with amendments into law by law 14 May 2005, No. 80, 
added Articles 7-bis and 7-ter to Law 130, in view of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation 
techniques introduced by Law 130 in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
Law 130 was further amended by Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) 
as converted with amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”), by 
Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 (Decreto Competitività) as converted with amendments into Law No. 
116 of 11 August 2014 (“Law Decree 91”), by Law Decree No. 18 of 15 February 2016 as converted into 
Law No. 49 of 8 April 2016 and Law Decree No. 50 of 24 April 2017 as converted into Law No. 96 of 21 June 
2017. 
Law 130 has been further recently amended by paragraphs 1088-1090 of the Law 30 December 2018, No. 
145 (“2019 Budget Law”) which introduce two important innovations: (i) it has been made easier for 
originators to create segregated pools of assets in connection with transactions for the transfer of risk, which 
makes synthetic securitisations more effective; and, (ii) revenues arising out of the ownership of immovable 
property or of registered movable property may be securitised for the first time. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true sale (by way 
of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation 
transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-bis and in the MEF Decree, where the sale 
is to a special purpose vehicle created in accordance with Article 7-bis and all amounts paid by the debtors 
are to be used by the relevant special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations under a guarantee 
to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of other banks in 
connection with the issue of covered bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”). 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be comprised in the cover pool shall be financed 
through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks selling the assets or a different bank. The 
payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to the payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the counterparties of any 
derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the assigned receivables and securities, the 
counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim in relation to any payment of 
other costs of the transaction. 
Under the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by banks which individually satisfy, or 
which belong to banking groups which, on a consolidated basis, satisfy certain requirements related to the 
regulatory capital and the solvency ratio. Such requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the 
assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds. 
Following the issue of the MEF Decree, the Bank of Italy supervisory regulations on covered bonds were 
published on 17 May 2007, as subsequently amended on 24 March 2010 and further supplemented by Title 
V, Chapter 3 of the "Nuove Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche" (Circolare No. 263 of 27 
December 2006), completing the relevant legal and regulatory framework and allowing for the 
implementation on the Italian market of the covered bonds, which have previously only been available under 
special legislation to specific companies.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Milan 4226583.8 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank 
of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV 
Package and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. 
Following the publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, the Bank of Italy’s covered bonds regulation have been included in Part III, Section 3 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under the Bank of Italy’s circular No 285 of 17 December 2013, containing 
the "Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche", and provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare 
No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
For more detailed information, see paragraph "Eligibility criteria of the claimss and limits to the assignment of 
claims" below. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the Law 
130, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying to covered bonds many 
provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. Accordingly, as is the 
case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation transactions, the Special 
Purpose Vehicle is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the case of covered 
bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving guarantees in the 
context of covered bonds transactions. 
With reference to Special Purpose Vehicles, on 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the 
“Decree 53/2015”) issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance has been published in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree 
No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered 
bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 of the Banking Act (such as Estense CPT 
Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the general register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Act. 
Eligibility criteria of the claims and limits to the assignment of claims 
Under the MEF Decree, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the special purpose vehicle, 
together with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded in the relevant assets: 
(a) Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) and Italian commercial mortgage loans 
(mutui ipotecari commerciali) pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree; (b) loans 
extended to, or guaranteed by, the following entities, and securities issued or guaranteed by the same 
entities: (i) public administrations of States comprised in the European Economic Space and the Swiss 
Confederation (the “Admitted States”), including therein any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici 
territoriali), national or local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; (ii) public 
administrations of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weighting factor equal to zero per 
cent under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement, municipalities and national or local 
public bodies not carrying out economic activities (organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than 
Admitted States which attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 20 per cent under the “Standardised 
Approach” to credit risk measurement. Such receivables and securities may not exceed 10 per cent of the 
nominal value of the assets held by the special purpose vehicle; (c) asset backed securities issued in the 
context of securitisation transactions, meeting the following criteria: (i) the relevant securitised receivables 
comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95 per cent, loans and securities referred to in (a) and (b) above; 
(ii) the relevant asset backed securities attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent under the 
“Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement. 
For the purpose above, the relevant provisions define a guarantee “valid for purposes for the credit risk 
mitigation” as a guarantee eligible for the “credit risk mitigation”, in accordance with Directive 2006/48/EC of

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Milan 4226583.8 
14 June 2006 (the “Restated Banking Directive”). Similarly, the “Standardised Approach” shall be the 
standardised approach to credit risk measurement as defined by the Restated Banking Directive. 
The BoI Regulations provides that covered bonds may be issued by banks which satisfy, on a consolidated 
basis, the following requirements: 
(i) 
own funds (fondi propri) at least equal to € 250,000,000; and 
(ii) 
a total capital ratio on a consolidated basis of not less than 9 per cent. 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, also by the 
banks selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do not 
fall within the same banking group. 
If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above mentioned requirements relate 
to the individual regulatory capital and/or overall capital ratio. 
The BoI Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign eligible assets, which are 
based on the level of the consolidated “tier 1 ratio” (“T1”) and the “common equity tier 1 ratio” (the “CET1”), in 
accordance with the following grid, contained in the BoI Regulations: 
Capital adequacy condition 
 
Limits to the assignment 
Group “A” 
T1 ≥ 9 per cent and CET1 ≥ 8 per cent 
No limits 
Group “B” 
T1 ≥ 8 per cent and CET1 ≥ 7 per cent 
Assignment allowed up to 60 per 
cent of the eligible assets 
Group “C” 
T1 ≥ 7 per cent e CET1 ≥ 6 per cent 
Assignment allowed up to 25 per 
cent of the eligible assets 
 
The relevant T1 and CET1 set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds transactions 
launched by the relevant banking group or individual bank, as the case may be. If foreign entities belonging 
to the banking group of the bank selling the assets have issued covered bonds in accordance with their 
relevant jurisdiction and have therefore segregated part of their assets to guarantee the relevant issuances, 
the limits set out above shall be applied to the eligible assets held by the Italian companies being part of the 
assigning bank’s banking group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the monitoring 
activities to be performed by the asset monitor. 
The Limits to the Assignment do not apply to Integration (as defined below) of the portfolio, provided that 
Integration is allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI Regulations. 
Ring Fencing of the Assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction, the relevant collections and 
the financial assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant receivables will by operation of 
law be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those 
relating to the other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same special purpose vehicle. On a winding-up 
of such a special purpose vehicle, such assets will only be available to holders of the covered bonds in 
respect of which the special purpose vehicle has issued a guarantee and to the other Secured Creditors. In 
addition, the assets relating to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds 
issued under any other covered bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
In addition, the Law Decree 91 introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to Article 3 of Law 130, aimed at 
safeguarding collections generated in the context of a securitisation or covered bonds transaction. For this 
purpose, it is established that the bank accounts used in the context of this kind of transactions are not

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Milan 4226583.8 
subject to actions by parties other than the holders of the securities of the specific transaction and that the 
possible commencement of insolvency proceedings against the depositary does not give rise to the 
suspension of payments on the sums standing to the credit of the accounts opened with the same 
depositary, even in connection with sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the 
insolvency proceedings. Indeed, the Law Decree 91 provides that such sums are immediately available, 
without any need for specific requests or claims (domanda di ammissione al passivo o di rivendica) in the 
context of the insolvency proceedings and outside of the applicable insolvency distributions (fuori dei piani di 
riparto o di restituzione di somme). 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a party of the 
transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding-up proceedings against the 
company in respect of any unpaid debt. 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, of 
the  Banking Act. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 
4 of Law 130, is that the assignment can be perfected against the originator, assigned debtors and third 
party creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Italian Official Gazette and by way of registration of 
such notice in the register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) at which the purchaser is registered, so 
avoiding the need for notification to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian 
Official Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the 
purchaser is registered, the assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of the 
notice, commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables; 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a debtor 
to the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to Article 67 of 
Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare), the “Bankruptcy Law”); and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date 
of publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security 
interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to 
and perfected with the same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or 
annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian 
Official Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the 
purchaser is registered, no legal action may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums 
derived therefrom other than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and 
other creditors for costs incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Article 7-bis provides for a special regime for the assignment of claims against public administrations, which 
deviates from the generally applicable regime (set out by Articles 69 and 70 of royal decree of 18 November 
1923, No. 2440). Article 7-bis, para. 4, expressly provides that Articles 69 and 70 of royal decree 2440 of 
1923 shall not apply to assignments of assets under Article 7-bis. Accordingly, the assignment of receivables 
against public administration shall be governed by the same rules governing the assignment of other 
receivables in the context of Law 130. 
 
However, Article 7-bis, para. 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Milan 4226583.8 
assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given notice by 
way of publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail with return receipt to the relevant public 
administrations. 
Assignments under Law 130 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into within three months of the 
adjudication of bankruptcy of the relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies, within six 
months of the adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the Covered Bond Guarantee are 
subject to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, pursuant to which the provisions 
of Article 67 relating to the claw-back of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not 
apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not 
be subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 and 67 of the Bankruptcy Law.  
Tests set out in the MEF Decree 
Pursuant to Article 3 of the MEF Decree, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent different 
from the issuer) will have to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the following mandatory tests are complied 
with: 
(a) 
the nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the aggregate nominal amount 
of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special purpose 
vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in 
relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the outstanding 
covered bonds; and 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne by the 
special purpose vehicle, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the issuer 
under the outstanding covered bonds, also taking into account any hedging arrangements entered into 
in relation to the transaction. 
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to Article 2 of the MEF 
Decree, the following assets (the “Integration Assets”) may be used for the purpose of integration of the 
portfolio, in addition to eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations: 
(i) 
the establishment of deposits with banks incorporated in Admitted States or in a State which attract a 
risk weight factor equal to 0 per cent under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; 
and 
(ii) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under paragraph (i) above, having a 
residual maturity not exceeding one year. 
Integration Assets 
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the Integration Assets Limit. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-bis and the MEF Decree, integration of the cover pool – whether through 
eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations or through integration assets – (the “Integration”) shall be 
carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI Regulations. 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, the Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of: (a) 
complying with the tests provided for by the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Milan 4226583.8 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements; or (c) complying with the 
15 per cent maximum amount of Integration Assets within the portfolio. 
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the 
portfolio of assets comprised in the cover pool, irrevocable, callable on demand, unconditional and 
independent from the obligations assumed by the issuer under the covered bonds. Accordingly, such 
obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited 
recourse to the assets comprised in the cover pool, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or 
unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, Article 4 
provides that the following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable to personal guarantees 
(fideiussioni), shall not apply: (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where 
the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) Article 1941, para. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed 
the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those 
pertaining to the main obligation; (c) Article 1944, para. 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the contract 
pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before 
the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that the guarantor 
can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, 
except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 
1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the 
creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) 
of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable where the 
creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while being aware 
that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the receivable would have 
become significantly more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable 
also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, provided that the creditor has filed its 
claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the special purpose vehicle following a liquidation of the issuer 
The MEF Decree also set out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations of 
the special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer. To that effect, it requires that the Covered 
Bond Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate 
upon the issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not automatically be affected 
thereby. 
More specifically, Article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that, in the event of breach by the issuer of its 
obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of 
the issuer – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out 
for the covered bonds. The same provision applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory liquidation 
procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the Italian 
Civil Code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Pursuant to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the limitation in the application 
of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned therein, but 
also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 4, para. 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the 
issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall exercise the rights of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Milan 4226583.8 
accordance with the legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose 
vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be deemed to be included in the cover pool. 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the limits of the 
powers vested with the Bank of Italy by the Banking Act. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of covered bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the special 
purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank shall request 
to an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the activities carried out by 
that auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the 
purchase price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply 
when preparing its financial statements. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if the assignment 
is made at the book value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on 
which the auditors have issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any 
difference between the book value and the purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to 
standard financial fluctuations of the relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the 
qualitative aspects of those assets and/or the credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing banks must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk 
management verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the assets sold to the special 
purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with the MEF Decree; 
(c) 
compliance with the Limits to the Assignment and the rules on, and Limits to, the Integration set out by 
the BoI Regulations;  
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements 
entered into in connection with the transaction; and 
(e) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors 
pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an 
assessment is carried out of the legal aspects (profili giuridici) of the activity on the basis of specially issued 
legal opinions setting out an in-depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a 
particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The BoI Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to carry out 
controls over the regularity of the transaction (including the completeness, truthfulness and the timely 
delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR) and the 
integrity of the special purpose vehicle (the “Asset Monitor”). Pursuant to the BoI Regulations, the Asset 
Monitor shall be an auditing firm having professional experience which is adequate in relation to the tasks 
entrusted with the same and independent from: (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing of the issuing 
bank; (b) the bank which is granting the relevant mandate; and (c) the other entities which take part to the 
transaction. 
Based upon controls carried out and assessments on the performance of transactions, the Asset Monitor 
shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the 
bank which appointed the Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations refer to the provisions (art. 52 and 61, para 5, 
of the Banking Act), which impose on persons responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Milan 4226583.8 
report to the Bank of Italy. Such reference appears to be aimed at ensuring that any irregularities found are 
reported to the Bank of Italy. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can fulfil, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations 
arising under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management 
techniques for purposes of assuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, stability 
between the payment dates of the cash flows generated under the assets assigned to the special purpose 
vehicle company, and included in the latter’s segregated portfolio, and the payments dates with respect to 
payments due by the issuing bank in connection with the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bond transactions shall assume 
contractual undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank (and the third party servicer, if any) to 
hold the information on the assigned assets (including the status thereof) which are necessary for the 
carrying of the controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory 
reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership to the 
central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Insolvency proceedings 
Under the Bankruptcy Law, insolvency and turnaround proceedings may take the form of, inter alia, 
bankruptcy 
proceeding 
(fallimento), 
compulsory 
administrative 
liquidation 
(liquidazione 
coatta 
amministrativa), composition with creditors (concordato preventivo) or creditors’ agreements (accordi di 
ristrutturazione dei debiti or piani di risanamento). The regime set forth under the Bankrutpcy Law as 
described in this paragraph is only applicable to businesses (imprese commerciali) either run by companies 
or by individuals to the extent certain requirements are met. 
A debtor can be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding (fallimento) if it is declared insolvent by a court (at its 
own initiative, or at the initiative of any of its creditors or the public prosecutor). Insolvency occurs when the 
relevant entity is not able to fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. Upon the declaration of insolvency 
(sentenza dichiarativa di fallimento), inter alia, the relevant entity loses control over all its assets and the 
management of its business, which is taken over by a court appointed receiver (curatore fallimentare). The 
creditors’ claims have to be filed with the bankruptcy estate and are subject to verification by the delegated 
judge while the sale of the debtor’s assets is conducted in accordance with a liquidation plan drafted by the 
court appointed receiver and approved by the creditors’ committee. 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor may propose to its creditors a composition 
with creditors proposal (proposta di concordato preventivo). Such proposal must enclose, inter alia: (a) an 
updated statement of the financial and economic situation of the company; (b) a detailed list of the creditors 
and their respective receivables and related security interest; (c) a list of creditors secured or guaranteed by 
assets owned by or in possession of the company; (d) an evaluation of the assets of the company and a list 
of the creditors of the potential shareholders of the company which are unlimitedly liable; (e) a plan detailing 
timing and manner for the satisfaction of creditors, provided that the concordato proposal shall set out the 
economic benefit granted to each creditor; and (f) an independent expert report assessing the feasibility of 
the composition with creditors proposal and the truthfulness of the business and accounting data provided by 
the company. Following the reform brought about by Law Decree No. 83 of 27 June 2015, as amended and 
converted into law by Law No. 132 of 6 August 2015 (the “2015 Reform”), a counter-proposal of composition 
with creditors (proposta concorrente di concordato) can be submitted by one or more creditors representing 
at least 10% of total indebtedness of the debtor, unless the debtor’s proposal already provides for the 
repayment of the unsecured creditors above certain thresholds set out by the Bankruptcy Law. Furthermore, 
pursuant to the 2015 Reform, if the proposal (or, according to the main Italian scholars, the counter-proposal) 
is structured as an offer to transfer all, or part of the assets of the debtor, to a third party, the Court shall 
open a public bid procedure in relation to such sale of assets. The proposal (or counter-proposal) can also 
include debt-to-equity swap transactions. The concordato preventivo is voted on at a creditors’ meeting and 
must be approved with the favorable vote of the creditors representing the majority of the receivables

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Milan 4226583.8 
admitted to vote and, in the event that the concordato proposal provides for more classes of creditors, the 
majority of the classes. Secured creditors are not entitled to vote on the concordato proposal unless and, to 
the extent, they waive their security, or for an amount equal to the deficiency claim (i.e. the portion of the 
secured claim not covered by the fair market value of the secured asset as determined by an independent 
expert). 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (“stato di crisi”) debtor may also enter into a debt restructuring 
agreement (accordo di ristrutturazione dei debiti) with such creditors representing at least 60 per cent of its 
debts, to be certified in Court. Also in this case an independent expert appointed by the debtor must assess 
the truthfulness of the business and accounting data provided by the company and the feasibility of the 
restructuring agreement, with specific reference to the fact it ensures that the non-participating creditors can 
be fully satisfied within the following terms: (a) 120 days from the date of approval of the agreement by the 
Court, in the case of debts which are due and payable as at that date; and (b) 120 days from the date on 
which the relevant debts fall due, in case of debts which are not yet due and payable as at the date of the 
Court approval. 
The 2015 Reform also introduced the possibility for a bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di 
crisi) debtor having 50% or more of its total indebtedness vis-à-vis financial creditors (i.e. banks or financial 
intermediaries) to enter into a debt restructuring agreement with such financial creditors only (to be divided in 
classes on the basis of the legal and economic position held by the relevant financial creditors). If such debt 
restructuring agreement is approved by financial creditors representing at least 75% of the relevant category, 
upon homologation by the competent Court it will be binding also on the non-consenting financial creditors 
belonging to the same category, subject to certain conditions (including, inter alia, that treatment of 
dissenting creditors is not worse than the one achievable under any other available alternative). A 
bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor can file a “blank proposal” (so called 
concordato in bianco). In this case, the proposal (which has to be filed together with the last three financial 
statements of the petitioning company and a detailed list of the creditors and their respective receivables) will 
be filed with the competent court requesting a term comprised between 60 and 120 days (with the possibility 
to obtain, in case of grounded reasons, additional 60 days) for the submission of a concordato proposal or of 
a debt restructuring agreement (pursuant to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy Law). The competent tribunal, 
in awarding such term for the submission of the relevant documents, may appoint a judicial commissioner 
monitoring the procedure and set out periodic reporting and information duties to be carried out by the debtor 
during the abovementioned period. 
A moratorium regime in relation to the start and/or continuation of enforcement and interim actions (azioni 
esecutive e cautelari) for pre-existing claims applies, subject to certain exceptions and for specific 
timeframes, in the context of bankrutpcy proceedings (fallimento), concordato preventivo proceedings, “blank 
proposal” proceedings (concordato in bianco) and debt restructuring agreements (accordo di 
ristrutturazione). 
Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012, as amended, provides that consumers and other entities which cannot be 
subject to insolvency proceedings may benefit from special proceedings for the restructuring of their debts. 
Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012 provides that such persons may file a recovery plan for the restructuring of 
their debts with a special authority and with the competent court and that in the case of approval of the plan, 
it will become binding on all the creditors of such persons. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche where: (a) serious 
administrative irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s activity provided for 
by laws, regulations or the bank’s by-laws activity are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to occur; 
(c) the dissolution has been the object of a request by the administrative bodies or an extraordinary company 
meeting providing the reasons for the request.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Milan 4226583.8 
According to the Banking Act, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance, 
acting on a proposal by the Bank of Italy, which shall terminate the board of directors and the board of 
auditors of the bank. Subsequently, the Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or more special administrators 
(commissari straordinari); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five members 
(comitato di sorveglianza). The commissari straordinari is entrusted with the duty to assess the situation of 
the bank, remove the irregularities which may have been found and promote solutions in the best interest of 
the depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises auditing functions and provides to the 
commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. However, it should be 
noted that the Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari and the comitato di 
sorveglianza providing specific safeguards and limits concerning the management of the bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law, the commissari straordinari, in order 
to protect the interests of the creditors, in consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an 
authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may suspend payment of the bank’s liabilities and the restitution to 
customers of financial instruments. Payments may be suspended for a period of up to one month, which may 
be extended for an additional period of two months. During the suspension period forced executions or 
actions to perfect security interests involving the bank's properties or customers' securities may not be 
initiated or prosecuted. During the same period mortgages may not be registered on the bank's immovable 
property nor may any other rights of preference on the bank's movable property be acquired, except in the 
case of enforceable court orders issued prior to the beginning of the suspension period. The suspension 
shall not trigger the insolvency of the bank. 
The amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche shall last for one year from the date of issue of the decree of 
the Minister of the Economy and Finance. In exceptional cases, the procedure may be extended for a period 
of up to six months. The Bank of Italy may extend the duration of the procedure for periods of up to two 
months, in connection with the acts and formalities related to the termination of the procedure, provided that 
the relevant acts to be executed have already been approved by the Bank of Italy. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps for the 
appointment of the bodies governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After the appointment, the 
management and audit functions shall be transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should, however, be 
noted that, should at the end of the procedure or at any earlier time the conditions for the declaration of the 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa (described in the following section) be met, the bank may be subject to 
such procedure. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Banking Act, when the conditions for the Amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche and 
described in the preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious (di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has 
declared the state of insolvency of the bank, the Minister of economy and finance, acting on a proposal from 
the Bank of Italy, by virtue of a decree, may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities 
and submit the bank to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
From the date of issue of the decree, the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of the 
shareholders’ meetings and of every other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall 
appoint: (a) one or more liquidators (commissari liquidatori); and (b) an oversight committee composed of 
between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their functions and, 
in any case, from the third day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of Economy 
and Finance, the payment of any liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall be 
suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions that pertain to 
the bank and carry out all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di 
sorveglianza shall: (a) assist the commissari liquidatori in exercising their functions; (b) control the activities

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Milan 4226583.8 
carried out by commissari liquidatori; and (c) provide to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested 
by the law or by the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy may issue directives concerning the implementation of 
the procedure and establish that some categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its 
authorisation and to preliminary consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Banking Act regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities (accertamento del 
passivo) and the procedures which allow creditors whose claims have been excluded from the list of 
liabilities (stato passivo) to challenge the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to authorisation by 
the Bank of Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable 
en bloc. Such assets may be assigned at any stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has 
been deposited. The assignor shall, however, be liable exclusively for the liabilities included in the stato 
passivo. Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and for the purpose of maximising profits deriving 
from the liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity, or of specific 
going concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the comitato di sorveglianza. 
In such case, the provision of the Bankruptcy Law concerning the termination of legal relationships shall not 
apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last restitution to 
customers, the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing statement of accounts of 
the liquidation, the financial statement and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report 
by the oversight committee. 
The Bankruptcy Law reform  
According to the guidelines set forth by Law 155/2017, which embodied those set by the Recommendation 
No. 2014/135 of the European Commission and the principles of the UNCITRAL Model Law on cross border 
insolvency proceedings, the Italian Government entirely reformed the insolvency and bankruptcy 
proceedings drafting the new code of business crisis (the “Crisis and Insolvency Code”). 
The main features of the Crisis and Insolvency Code provide: 
(i) a specific definition of “notion of group insolvency” which is not currently provided under Italian 
Bankruptcy Law; 
(ii) an “early warning” system (“Early Warning Proceedings”) aimed at preventing the occurrence of 
insolvency situations (procedura di allerta e di composizione assistita della crisi); 
(iii) several amendments to the rules governing the composition of debts with creditors, the debt 
restructuring agreements and the bankruptcy proceedings (that shall be renamed as judicial 
liquidation in compliance with European Legislation); and 
(iv) a coherent and uniform framework and regulation of the insolvency status affecting the companies. 
With this respect, the most relevant innovation is represented by the Early Warning Proceedings that are 
aimed at detecting a deterioration in a business at an early stage and thereby signaling to the debtor the 
need to act - as a matter of urgency - in order to avoid the insolvency status and carry-on the business 
activities. The subjects entitled to be included in the Early Warning Proceedings are the non-listed small and 
medium companies (“SME”) as defined under the European Legislation. 
From a procedural perspective, the Early Warning Proceedings consists of a two phase proceedings that 
may be activated: 
(i) in the event of repeated current and/or prospective breaches such as to constitute a crisis situation 
(stato di crisi), defined as the likelihood of insolvency; 
(ii) by the statutory board (collegio sindacale) or auditors (revisori);

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Milan 4226583.8 
(iii) by certain public creditors (tax authority, national pension fund); or 
(iv) voluntarily by the SME itself, if intended to be awarded with the measures granted to those entities 
intending to address a potential situation of crisis at an early stage 
Once the proceedings is activated, the SME will be lead to a board of three independent professionals, who 
shall attempt to solve the financial tension affecting the company. If the crisis should be confirmed through 
the appropriate verifications carried out by the board of professionals, the board of professionals will support 
the SME in identifying the most appropriate measures in order to overcome the crisis. In the event of failure 
of the assess of the crisis with the instrument provided by the Crisis and Insolvency Code, the SME shall 
commence a proceedings in order to assist the company in the negotiations with the creditors and, 
eventually, seek rapid access to an alternative restructuring procedure or a bankruptcy proceedings 
Moreover, please consider that Law Decree no. 118/2021 (the “Decree 118/2021”) - published in the Official 
Gazette on 24 August 2021 - provided relevant urgent measures regarding those companies affected by 
financial tension and, among others: 
(i) the postponement of the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code to 16 May 2022; 
(ii) the postponement of the entry into force of the Early Warning Proceedings set forth under the Crisis 
and Insolvency Code to 31 December 2023; 
(iii) the introduction of supporting measures in order to encourage the adoption of corporate restructuring 
and reorganization instruments and address the economic and financial crisis arising under the 
COVID-19 pandemic.  
With this respect, the most important feature of the Decree 118/2021 is represented by the introduction of the 
negotiated settlement of business crises (composizione negoziata per la soluzione della crisi di impresa) (the 
“Negotiated Settlement”), which is a new instrument aimed at supporting companies facing a crisis situation 
and assisting their corporate restructuring. The Negotiated Settlement proceedings is successfully concluded 
when, at the end of the negotiations between the company, the creditors and an independent third party 
figure (l’esperto), a suitable solution is identified in order to overcome the crisis situation affecting the 
company.  
In this regard, article 11, paragraph 1 of the Decree 118/2021 provides that that, once a suitable solution has 
been found to overcome the situation of asset imbalance, the parties may reach three different "out-of-court" 
agreements, respectively: 
(i) an agreement with the creditors (contratto con i creditori) (article 11, paragraph 1, letter a of the 
Decree 118/2021); 
(ii) the standstill agreement (la convenzione di moratoria) (article 11, paragraph 1, letter b of the Decree 
118/2021);  
(iii) a non-certified recovery plan (piano di risanamento senza attestazione) (article 11, paragraph 1, 
letter c of the Decree 118/2021). 
Should the parties not achieve a solution in order to overcome the business crisis, the company may, 
respectively: 
(i) reach a debt restructuring agreement pursuant to article 182-bis, 182-septies and 182-novies of the 
Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (the “Italian Bankruptcy Law”); 
(ii) reach a certified recovery plan pursuant to article 67, paragraph 3, letter d, of the Italian Bankruptcy 
Law (piano attestato di risanamento); 
(iii) file a petition for the admission to the extraordinary administration proceedings (amministrazione 
straordinaria) pursuant to Law Decree no. 270/99;

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Milan 4226583.8 
(iv) file a petition for the admission to the simplified composition for the liquidation of the assets 
(concordato semplificato) pursuant to article 18 of the Decree 118/2021. 
.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Milan 4226583.8 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions” and, each of them, a “Condition”) 
that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable 
to the Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered 
Bonds. In these Conditions, references to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Covered Bondholders” 
are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte 
Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as subsequently 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Financial Law”) and implementing regulations and (ii) 
the joint regulation, regarding post-trading systems, of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered 
Bonds will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with 
the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bond. Any reference to a 
“Registered CB Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the 
relevant provision of the Registered Covered Bond, or the Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule 
thereto or the provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond 
as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa) 
(the “Issuer” or “BPER”) has established a covered bond programme (the “Programme”) for 
the issuance of up to Euro 7,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of covered bonds (the 
“Covered Bonds”) unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Estense CPT Covered Bond 
S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Article 7-bis of law No. 130 of 
30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time ( the “Law 130”), the Decree of 
the Ministry of the Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006 No. 310, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the “MEF Decree”) and the supervisory instructions relating to 
covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Chapter III, Section 3, of the 5th update 
to Circular n. 285 dated 17 December 2013 containing the "Disposizioni di vigilanza per le 
banche", as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI Regulations” 
and, together with Law 130 and the MEF Decree, the “OBG Regulations”). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the Interest 
Commencement Date and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to 
be consolidated and have the same Series number (each a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. As 
used in these Conditions, reference to a Tranche is a reference to Covered Bonds which are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing). Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Milan 4226583.8 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Covered Bond benefits of a guarantee issued by the Guarantor (the “Covered Bond 
Guarantee”) for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will 
be collateralised by a cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreements (as defined below) and in accordance 
with the provisions of the OBG Regulations. The obligations of the Guarantor to the Covered 
Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited recourse to the assets from 
time to time comprised in the Cover Pool (as defined below). Payments made by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay 
the Issuer the issue price for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a 
programme agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the dealer(s) named therein (the “Dealers”), as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription 
agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) on or 
around the date of the relevant Final Terms in respect of the relevant Tranche (each a 
“Subscription Agreement”). In accordance with the Programme Agreement, the Relevant 
Dealer(s) has appointed or will appoint Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the “Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders”), as described in Condition 13 (Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders).  
For the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds, if any, shall be governed by a set of 
legal documentation in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not 
be governed by these Conditions. For futher information please refer to the section “Key 
features of the registered covered bonds (namensschuld verschreibungen)” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds 
In these Conditions, references to “Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds of a Series subject 
to the relevant Final Terms and references to “each Series of Covered Bonds” are to (i) 
Covered Bonds of Series subject to the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. For 
the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds, if any, shall be governed by a set of legal 
documentation in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be 
governed by these Conditions. For futher information please refer to the section “Key features 
of the registered covered bonds (namensschuld verschreibungen)” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date, and Fixed Rate

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Milan 4226583.8 
Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds may be scheduled to be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date or 
redeemable in two or more instalments if they are specified as Instalment Covered Bonds, 
depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by and shall have the 
benefit of the terms of the rules of the organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders”) which constitute an integral and essential 
part of these Conditions. The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are 
attached hereto as a schedule. The rights and powers of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders may be exercised only in accordance with the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. References in these Conditions to the 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include such rules as from time to time 
modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or other 
document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as 
defined below) and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to 
the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason 
of holding one or more Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Noteholders as its 
representative, acting in its name and on its behalf, and agrees to be bound by the terms of the 
Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is a party as if 
such Covered Bondholder was itself a signatory thereto. Copies of the Transaction Documents 
are available for inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, 
where applicable, at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Account Banks” means the Italian Account Bank and the English Account Bank. 
“Accounts” means, collectively, the Italian Accounts and the English Accounts and “Account” 
means any one of them. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Additional Master Transfer Agreement” means each master transfer agreement between the 
Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions as the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity 
agreement between the Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions as the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Additional Seller” means any entity, other than the Initial Seller, which is or will be part of the 
Gruppo Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna that will accede to the Programme and sell 
Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor. 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” means each subordinated loan agreement 
entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant Additional Seller as Subordinated Loan 
Provider providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions as the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
“Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set 
out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test intended to ensure that, following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be 
carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is 
equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
“Article 74 Event Cure Notice” means a notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (having received, if it deems appropriate, and being entitled to rely on, prior 
confirmation of such cure event having occurred from competent professionals) to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been 
cured. 
“Asset Coverage Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is 
to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at 
least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the Asset Monitor agreement entered into in the context of 
the Programme among, inter alios, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Issuer. 
“Available Funds” means (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds 
and (c) the Excess Proceeds. 
“Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented. 
“BPER Master Transfer Agreement” means the master transfer agreement entered into on 17 
September 2015, as subsequently amended, between BPER as the Initial Seller and the 
Guarantor.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Milan 4226583.8 
“BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement” means the subordinated loan agreement entered into 
on 17 September 2015, as subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and BPER as 
Subordinated Loan Provider. 
“BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means the warranty and indemnity agreement 
entered into on 17 September 2015, as subsequently amended, between the BPER as Initial 
Seller and the Guarantor. 
“Breach of Amortisation Test Notice” means the notice served by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon 
the occurrence of a breach of the Amoritsation Test. 
“Breach of Tests Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Business Day” means a day on which banks are generally open for business in London, Milan 
and Luxembourg and on which the Target System (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to such 
term in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions 
shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day 
Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
back to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred, provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Milan 4226583.8 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa), acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Date” means the 20th day of January, April, July and October or, if that day is not 
a Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Calculation Date will fall on 20 
January 2015. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test 
Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test has occurred and is outstanding, each 
period beginning on (and including) the first day of a calendar month and ending on (and 
including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant breach of Test 
has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
“Call Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement” means the cash management and agency 
agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Guarantor, 
the Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Investment Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Back-up 
Servicer Facilitator and the Servicer. 
“Cash Manager” means Citibank N.A., London Branch. 
“CB Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, 
in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the next CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date). 
“CB Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment Date) or the previous CB 
Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement) for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap 
(as applicable), the amount and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the account into 
which the collateral posted pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a English

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Milan 4226583.8 
Swap Collateral Account as defined below); and (ii) following the date on which the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) is terminated, the moneys 
and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the relevant English Swap Collateral Account 
in an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
“Collection Accounts” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Collection Period” means each period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day 
of January, April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of 
March, June, September and December of each year, and in the case of the first Collection 
Period, commencing on (and excluding) the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) 
30 September 2015. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Corporate Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any permitted 
successor or assignee thereof. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the corporate services agreement entered into on or 
about the Initial Issue Date between the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor. 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by (i) the Initial Receivables; (ii) any other 
Eligible Assets; and (iii) any Integration Assets. 
“Cover Pool Administration Agreement” means the Cover Pool administration agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, as 
subsequently amended. 
“Cover Pool Manager” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which 
is evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
“Covered Bond Swap” means each covered bond swap agreement which may be entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order to hedge 
certain interest rate, basis, and, if applicable, currency risks in respect of amounts received by 
the Guarantor under the Mortgage Pool Swaps and the Covered Bonds. 
“Covered Bond Swap Counterparty” means each entity acting as such under a Covered Bond 
Swap. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Covered Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting a CB Interest Period) (the “OBG Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and  
(b) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 211 ---
211 
Milan 4226583.8 
(A) the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in 
any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the OBG Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
OBG Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:  
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where: 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Dealer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. and any other entity which may be 
appointed as such by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
“Due for Payment Date” means the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on 
the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
that has the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 8(g) 
(Redemption due to illegality). 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Eligible Assets” means the Mortgage Loans and the Public Securities. 
“Eligible Deposits” means the deposits held with banks having their registered office in Eligible 
States pursuant to article 2, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree. 
“Eligible Institution” means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state 
which is a member of the European Union or of the United States of America (a) whose short-
term bank deposit is rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposit is rated 
at least “A2” by Moody’s or (b) whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party are guaranteed in compliance with the Rating Agency’s criteria by a depository 
institution organised under the laws of any state which is a member of the European Union or of 
the United States of America, whose short-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and whose long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligation are rated at least “A2” by Moody’s. 
“Eligible Investment” means  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments 
provided that (i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand at par together 
with accrued and unpaid interest, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity 
date falling no later than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) such investments 
provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the 
initially invested amount); and (iii) the debt securities or other debt instruments are issued 
by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution 
whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) either 
“Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments 
having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in 
respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by 
Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity 
between one and three months, or such other lower rating being compliant with the 
criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers’ 
acceptances issued by any depositary institution or trust company (including, without 
limitation, the English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, provided that they 
qualify as an Eligible Institution) qualifying as Eligible Institution and subject to 
supervision and examination by governmental banking authorities, provided that such 
investments shall have a minimum rating equal to the ones reported on the following 
table: 
Maturity 
Rating

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Milan 4226583.8 
 
Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term 
rating is available, “P-2” in respect of short-term debt” 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term 
rating is available, “P-3” in respect of short-term debt 
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities and/or notes issued in the context of 
securitisations transactions (other than securitisation transactions were originated by a 
member of the same consolidated group of which the Issuer is also a member or by an 
entity affiliated to same central body to which the Issuer is also affiliated) and/or covered 
bonds, in each case pursuant to the OBG Regulations, provided that, in all cases, such 
investments shall from time to time comply with Moody’s requirements in respect of type 
of asset, minimum rating and maturity; 
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated debt securities or other debt 
instruments provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions 
and their respective maturity) effectively passes to the Issuer, (ii) such repurchase 
transactions are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or loss or 
have a maturity date falling no later than the immediately following Liquidation Date and 
(iii) such repurchase transactions provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such 
amount not being lower than the initially invested amount) provided that either (a) the 
debt securities or other debt instruments underlying the repurchase transactions are 
issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) 
the counterparty of the Guarantor under the repurchase transaction is, an institution 
whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) either 
“Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments 
having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in 
respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by 
Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity 
between one and three months, or such other lower rating being compliant with the 
criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; and 
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower regulated under 
the Global Master Securities Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the 
underlying securities comply with the requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the securities 
lending transaction is a credit institution (including, without limitation, the English Account 
Bank and the Italian Account Bank, to the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) 
qualifying as an Eligible Institution, (iii) such securities lending transactions are 
immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity 
date falling no later than the immediately following Liquidation Date, (iv) the counterparty 
acting as borrower of the Guarantor has acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has 
agreed to be bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the 
relevant counterparty below the minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall 
terminate in advance the securities lending transaction within 35 calendar days from the 
downgrade, 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above may consist, in whole or in 
part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of 
credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the 
context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time (ii) nor

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Milan 4226583.8 
may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be 
invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any 
time. 
“Eligible States” means any country belonging to the European Economic Area, Switzerland 
and any other country attracting a zero per cent risk weighting factor under the standardised 
method provided for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2006 relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions. 
“English Account Bank” means Citibank N.A., London Branch or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof.  
“English Accounts” means, collectively, the English Investment Account, the English 
Securities Account and the English Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, and “English Account” 
means any one of them.  
“English Investment Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement.  
“English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment” means a deed of charge under English law 
to be executed on or around the Initial Issue Date between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on its own behalf and as trustee of the 
Secured Creditors. 
“English Securities Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
“English Swap Collateral Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 6(c). 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the 
European Community. 
“Euro Equivalent” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset, the 
aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, or asset as at such date 
denominated in Euro where, if denominated in another currency, the exchange rate 
corresponds to (i) the current exchange rate fixed by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
its usual practice at that time for calculating that equivalent should any currency hedging 
agreement not be in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in the relevant currency hedging 
agreement if such agreement is in place. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor as a 
result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with article 4, paragraph 3 of 
the MEF Decree. 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value of the collateral (or the 
applicable part of any collateral) provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor 
in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to transfer collateral to the Guarantor 
under the credit support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of the 
termination payment (if any) that would have otherwise been payable by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty to the Guarantor had the collateral not been provided under the credit support 
annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of the relevant Covered

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Milan 4226583.8 
Bond Swap or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap Counterparty 
is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Expenses Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
 “Extended Maturity Date” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
on 28 October 2050. 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven Business Days after the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
which, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(which will always be redeemed at least at 100% of their nominal amount), shall be equal to the 
nominal amount of the relevant Covered Bond. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Provisions). 
“Floating Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Floating Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Interest Provisions). 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the 
service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the 
Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date, and (ii) following the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on 
the Guarantor but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the 
Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date or (iii) 
after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds on the Due for Payment Date, including all Additional 
Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds 
provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed 
Amount that was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it 
has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver, 
conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official 
for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or recovered from any 
other source (the Clawed Back Amounts) .

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as such 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11(d) 
(Guarantor Events of Default). 
“Guarantor Default Notice” means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the 
occurrence of a breach of the Guarantor Event of Default. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
28th day of January, April, July and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the 
following Business Day or (b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Due for 
Payment Date. 
“Initial Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer has issued the first Series of Covered 
Bonds (i.e. 16 December 2015). 
“Initial Receivables” means the first portfolio of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans 
transferred by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
“Initial Seller” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa). 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 June 2015.  
“Instalment Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds specified as being redeemable in 
instalments in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Integration Assets” means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, points 2 and 3 of 
the MEF Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; and (ii) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not greater than one 
year, which, according to the MEF Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 15% 
of the Portfolio. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest determined 
in accordance with the Fixed Rate Provisions; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant CB Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate 
of: 
(A) 
any interest component collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and 
credited into the Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with any amount retained in the Italian 
Collection Account from the Interest Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any);

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Milan 4226583.8 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the interest components invested in 
Eligible Investments (if any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited 
to the Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts and on the Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Mortgage 
Pool Swaps; 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps; 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a replacement swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on 
the same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered Bond Swaps (as 
applicable), upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account in excess of the 
Required Reserve Amount; prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account (but 
excluding item (B)(b) of the definition of Required Reserve Amount calculated as at the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date), in each case at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash 
Reserve Account; and, on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds 
have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued 
under the Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve 
Account; 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Expenses Account; and 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party 
to the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period, 
but excluding (i) any amount representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid 
by the relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a 
replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which would have 
been due and payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) not been terminated; (iii) the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount received by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement).

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Issue Date of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as Interest 
Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Coverage Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Investment Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“ISDA Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(c)(ii) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer Event of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11(a) (Issuer 
Events of Default). 
“Italian Account Bank” means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Italian Accounts” means, collectively, the Italian Collection Account, the Italian Payments 
Account, the Expenses Account, the Italian Cash Reserve Account, the Italian Commingling 
Account and the Quota Capital Account and Italian Account means any one of them. 
“Italian Cash Reserve Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Collection Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Commingling Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
“Italian Deed of Pledge” means a deed of pledge under Italian law to be executed on or around 
the Initial Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders acting on its own behalf and on behalf of the Secured Creditors. 
“Italian Payments Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for 
any amount other than any Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the 
Payments Report Date falling on six months after the immediately following Payments Report 
Date for the Principal Available Funds.  
“Luxembourg Listing Agent” means Banque International à Luxembourg SA. 
“Mandate Agreement” means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue 
Date between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Mandatory Tests” means the tests provided for under article 3 of the MEF Decree and namely 
the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
“Margin” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Master Transfer Agreements” means the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and each 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement (if any) and each of them a “Master Transfer 
Agreement”, as the context requires. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Meeting” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Monte Titoli” means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at 
Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any Relevant 
Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by 
the Relevant Clearing System). 
“Monthly Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred, the 13th day of the month immediately following 
the date of such Test Performance Report and, thereafter, the 13th day of each month until the 
relevant breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
following Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (respectively 
mutui ipotecari residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the characteristics set out in 
Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap” means each mortgage pool swap agreement which may be entered 
into between the Guarantor and the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty in order to 
hedge interest rate risk on the Cover Pool or a portion thereof. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty” means each swap counterparty which agrees to act as 
such under a Mortgage Pool Swap. 
“Negative Carry Factor”) means 0.50 per cent. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Non-Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days 
in arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Notice to Pay” means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
“NPV Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Official Gazette” means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of 
competent jurisdiction. 
“Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” means the organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders created by the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and 
regulated by the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached hereto as a 
schedule. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Pass 
Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal 
amount outstanding (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any principal fallen due but unpaid) 
of such loan, bond, Series of Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
"Pass Through Series" means (A) any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which (i) the 
Issuer has failed to repay in whole or in part the relevant Final Redemption Amount on the 
applicable Maturity Date and a Notice to Pay has been served on the Guarantor; and (ii) the 
Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series 
of Covered Bonds on the relevant Extension Determination Date; (B) all Series of Covered 
Bonds if a Notice to Pay has been delivered (and, in case of a Notice to Pay delivered as result 
of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice has been served. 
“Paying Agents” means the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent and each 
other paying agent appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date.  
“Payment Business Day” means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are 
open for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies and any day which is: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Milan 4226583.8 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may 
be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
“Place of Payment” means, in respect of any Covered Bondholder, the place in which the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder for which such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or 
principal on the Covered Bonds is located. 
“Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments” means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date 
following the delivery of an Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
“Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the 
delivery of an Guarantor Defualt Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments” means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment 
Date prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments” means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment 
Date prior to the delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Primary Paying Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof.  
“Principal Available Funds” means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate 
of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and credited 
to the Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date together with any amount retained in the Italian Collection 
Account from the Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if 
any); 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds deriving from the sale of the Receivables 
under (c) above, all amounts of principal deriving from the liquidation of Eligible 
Investments; 
(e) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date 
under any Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap, if any;

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Milan 4226583.8 
(f) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments; 
(g) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest 
Available Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
and 
(h) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the Eligible Deposits at the end of the 
Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty upon 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any 
termination payment and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the 
net amounts which would have been due and payable by the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); and (iii) any 
amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement). 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Primary Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Primary 
Paying Agent. 
“Priority of Payments” means, as the context requires, any of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments, Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments or Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
“Programme Limit” means up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange 
rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. 
“Programme Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Public Securities” means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, 
paragraph 1, lett. c), of the MEF Decree. 
“Put Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the Primary Paying Agent and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by any Covered Bondholder intending to 
exercise its right to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 8(f) (Redemption at 
the option of Covered Bondholders). 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Primary Paying Agent to a depositing 
Covered Bondholder upon deposit of the Covered Bond with such Primary Paying Agent by any

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Milan 4226583.8 
Covered Bondholder intending to exercise its right to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance 
with Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders). 
“Quota Capital Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement” means the quotaholders’ agreement executed on or about the 
Initial Issue Date by, inter alios, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s. 
“Receivables” means, collectively, the Initial Receivables, the Subsequent Portfolios and the 
monetary receivables arising under any other eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations 
and Integration Assets, other than Eligible Deposits, from time to time comprised in the Cover 
Pool. 
“Redemption/Payment Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Primary Paying Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Registered Paying Agent” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one CB Payment Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment 
Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the 
first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but

--- Page 225 ---
225 
Milan 4226583.8 
excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds, the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date which is seven days after that on which the Primary Paying Agent 
has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
“Relevant Dealer(s)” means, in relation to any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers with or through 
whom an agreement to issue Covered Bonds has been concluded, or is being negotiated, by 
the Issuer. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders” means the entity that will act as representative 
of the holders of each Covered Bond pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any permitted 
successor or assignee thereof. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, (a) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of 
(i) the weighted average remaining maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds expressed 
in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, and (iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in 
respect of a Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such 
Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Guarantor Payment Date: 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
are rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the 
Issuer and the Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation Date which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of:  
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments;  
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that would be payable by the 
Guarantor on any relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately following

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Milan 4226583.8 
three months or, if no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has 
been entered into with BPER in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 
interest amount due under that Series of Covered Bonds in the immediately 
following three months; and 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
“Sale Date” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice” has the meaning 
given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and 
(ii) only with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the relevant Notice to Pay has been 
served on any CB Payment Date or within two Business Days after any CB Payment 
Date, the day which is seven Business Days after such CB Payment Date; 
(b) 
if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has become a Pass Through Series, such CB 
Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final 
Maturity Date of the relevant Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date; 
or 
(c) 
after the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and service of a Breach of the 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor and provided that all the outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds have become Pass Through Series, such CB Payment Date(s) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity Date of all 
outstanding Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would 
have been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified 
in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on 
the Guarantor and, where applicable after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case less any additional amounts the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or 
deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amounts relating to 
premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the service 
of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date 
or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, each CB Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which 
would have been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the 
Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
exclude any additional amount relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding 
indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest payable by the Issuer following the service 
of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts”); and (ii) after the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Milan 4226583.8 
the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity 
Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such 
relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(c)(i) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), the Initial Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any), the Subordinated Loan 
Provider(s), the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Italian Account Bank, the English Account 
Bank, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the 
Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), 
the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Selected Assets” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice” has the 
meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Sellers” means, collectively, the Initial Seller and the Additional Sellers (if any). 
“Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds” means a series of Covered Bonds comprising one or 
more Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first 
payment of interest and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to 
have the same series number. 
“Servicer” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa) or any successor servicer appointed from time to time in respect of this 
Programme. 
“Servicer Report” means the report prepared and submitted by the Servicer to the Guarantor, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Rating Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the 
collections and recoveries made in respect of the Receivables during the preceding Collection 
Period. 
“Servicing Agreement” means the servicing agreement entered into on 17 September 2015, 
as subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and the Servicer. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination(s)” means Euro 100,000 and integral multiples of Euro 1,000 in 
excess thereof or such higher denomination as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or its equivalent in another currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds). 
“Specified Office” means, with reference to the Primary Paying Agent, its office at via Aristotele 
195, Modena, Italy or such other office in the same city or town as the Primary Paying Agent 
may specify by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Milan 4226583.8 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements” means the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and each 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement (if any), and each of them a “Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”, as the context requires.  
“Subordinated Loan Provider” means any of BPER and the Additional Seller, and any 
respective successor thereof, appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subsequent Paying Agent” means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Subsequent Portfolios” means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
which, further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, the Guarantor shall purchase from the Initial 
Seller and/or the Additional Sellers pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement.. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to such term in article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond 
Swap. 
“Swap Counterparties” means, collectively, the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties and the 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties and “Swap Counterparty” means any one of them as the 
context requires. 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination of any Covered Bond Swap 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swap due to either: 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by the relevant Swap Counterparty 
to take such action as is required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such Rating 
Event; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or an 
Issuer Event of Default) and as designated as such by the Guarantor) in respect of the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system (known as TARGET2) which utilises a single shared platform 
and which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Test is to be performed under 
the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Tests” means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test. 
“Transaction Documents” means, collectively, the Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the 
Asset Monitor Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Italian 
Deed of Pledge, the Swap Agreements, the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the 
Subscription Agreement, the Mandate Agreement, these Conditions, the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and any document or agreement which supplements,

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Milan 4226583.8 
amends or restates the content of any of the above-mentioned documents and any further 
documents or agreement entered into in connection with the Programme and designated as 
such by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreements” means the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
and the Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreements (if any) and each of them a “Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement”, as the context requires. 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 7 (Zero Coupon 
Provisions). 
(b) 
In these Conditions, the following events and the criteria are deemed to have occurred or been 
satisfied, as the case may be, as set out below: 
an “Insolvency Event” will have occurred in respect of any bank, company or corporation if: 
(i) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, receivership, insolvency, composition or reorganisation 
(among which, without limitation, fallimento, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, 
concordato preventivo, accordi di ristrutturazione and amministrazione straordinaria, 
each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of 
Italy, and including also any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law of the 
jurisdiction in which such bank, company or corporation is deemed to carry on business, 
including 
the 
seeking 
of 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution, 
administration, receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors) or 
similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
such bank, company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or similar procedure 
having a similar effect (other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of 
Covered Bonds), unless, in the opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders (who 
may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), such proceedings are 
being disputed by the Issuer in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under paragraph (i) 
above is made in respect of or by such bank, company or corporation or the same 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such bank, company or corporation or notice 
is given of an intention to appoint an administrator in relation to such bank, company or 
corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders (who may in this 
respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(iii) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of 
any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than the Secured Creditors) or is granted by a 
competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of 
any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation, 
administration or dissolution in any form of such bank, company or corporation (except a 
winding-up for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) or any of the events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code 
occurs with respect to such bank, company or corporation; and

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Milan 4226583.8 
a “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap Counterparty if the unsecured, 
unsubordinated debt obligations of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be 
rated at least as high as the highest rating required under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
(c) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation in the Republic of Italy), any premium payable in respect of any Covered Bond 
and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is “not applicable”, then such expression is not applicable to the 
Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such 
Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with 
the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the 
date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor to an existing party or by 
appointment or otherwise as an additional party to such document and whether in 
respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a Series only; and 
(vi) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation enacted to implement primary legislation) shall be construed as a 
reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form 
and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds will be 
held by Monte Titoli on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for 
the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to the 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferred by means of, book entries in 
accordance with: (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of the Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation, 
regarding post-trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the 
Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
Milan 4226583.8 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the Monte Titoli Account Holder, whose account 
is at the relevant time credited with a Covered Bond, as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for 
the purposes of payments to be made to the holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not the 
Covered Bond is overdue and notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, any notice of ownership or 
writing on the Covered Bond or any notice of any previous loss or theft of the Covered Bond) and shall 
not be liable for doing so. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised 
and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, received, or recovered by the 
Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Covered Bond when due for payment 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Any payment made by the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall discharge the corresponding obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee shall be paid in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and 
recourse in respect of the Guarantor is limited in the manner described in Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse and Non-Petition). 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest. Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as 
the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest 
on the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under this Condition 5 
(Fixed Rate Provisions) to the Relevant Date.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Milan 4226583.8 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Fixed Rate Covered Bond for any CB Interest Period in respect of which the Fixed Rate 
Provisions apply will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds 
are in more than one Specified Denomination, will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payments of interest on any CB 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which no Fixed Coupon Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (half 
a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, with respect to any 
currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in 
respect of which the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject 
as provided in Condition 9 (Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case 
may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the 
due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under this Condition 6 to the Relevant 
Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 6(j) (Fallback 
Provisions), determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Milan 4226583.8 
(B) in any other case, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
will: 
1) request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
2) determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the 
nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency, selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on 
the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency 
to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant CB Interest Period 
and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, 
however, that if the Guarantor Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as 
the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Covered Bonds for each CB Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” means, in relation to any CB Interest Period, a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Primary Paying Agent or, 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Primary Paying Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent were acting 
as Calculation Agent (as that term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that interest rate 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Milan 4226583.8 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), the first day of that CB 
Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(d) 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for any CB Interest Period, then the applicable Rate of Interest in respect of such 
CB Interest Period shall in no event be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or be 
less than the Minimum Rate of Interest so specified, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, 
such calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant CB Interest Period.  
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, 
such calculation agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Floating 
Rate Covered Bond for such CB Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be equal to the 
product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such CB 
Interest Period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Primary 
Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent, then the Primary Paying Agent or such calculation agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the 
relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Primary Paying Agent or the 
relevant calculation agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, 
such calculation agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for each CB 
Interest Period, the relevant CB Payment Date and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Subsequent Paying Agent and any stock exchange on which the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond are for the time being listed and admitted to trading as soon as practicable after 
such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and CB Payment 
Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). The Primary Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the 
basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified

--- Page 235 ---
235 
Milan 4226583.8 
Denomination, the Primary Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount 
but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a 
Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Determination and calculation by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent does not for any reason comply with 
its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or any Interest Amount in accordance with the 
above provisions or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, 
and in each case in accordance with paragraphs (f) and (g) above, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such 
determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Primary Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the calculation agent. In doing so, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it 
can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances. 
For avoidance of any doubt, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will not incur, in 
the absence of willful misconduct (dolo) or gross default (colpa grave), in any liability by acting 
pursuant the provisions of this Clause. 
(i) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions) by the Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
calculation agent, such calculation agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Primary Paying Agent or the relevant 
calculation agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Fallback Provisions 
(i) Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j)(i) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with 
the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond (being the Primary 
Paying Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms), any Paying

--- Page 236 ---
236 
Milan 4226583.8 
Agent or the Covered Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 6(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, 
provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest on 
Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding CB Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds 
whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable in 
respect of the immediately preceding CB Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB CB 
Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period (as applicable). For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(j)(i) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
CB Interest Period only and any subsequent CB Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(j)(i). 
(ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 6(j)). 
(iii) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6.(j)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Milan 4226583.8 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions and the other Programme Documents, including but not limited to 
Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(v) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-
objection from, the competent regulatory authority, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Covered Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other 
Programme Documents to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together 
with the Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered 
Bondholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to the 
Programme Documents) and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that if, in the opinion of 
the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these 
Conditions or the Programme Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, any 
amendment to the Programme Documents), the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of any amendment agreement to the Programme Documents), subject to 
being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB Interest Period 
shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding CB Interest Period.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Milan 4226583.8 
(v) Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(j)(i) (Independent 
Adviser) to 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
b) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
c) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
Milan 4226583.8 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
b) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or 
e) it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Covered Bondholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Covered Bonds; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
Milan 4226583.8 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 8(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date 
which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
seven days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bond has been received by the Primary Paying Agent and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered 
Bond will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the relevant Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) and 
Condition 9 (Payments). If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Issuer 
fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business 
Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds 
will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be, subject to sub-paragraph 
(b) below, automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date. The 
Issuer shall confirm to the Primary Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any 
event at least on the Extension Determination Date as to whether payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds will or will not be made in full on that 
Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Primary Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the 
Issuer has failed to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or 
within two Business Days thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise 
outstanding, the Guarantor (as determined on its behalf by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent) has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priorities of Payments to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension 
Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds shall become a Pass Through Series and payment of the unpaid amount by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be automatically deferred until the 
Extended Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on such Pass Through Series after the Extension 
Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date for such Pass Through Series 
in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Milan 4226583.8 
of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the 
payment obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an 
Extension of Maturity has occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for 
payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the Article 74 Event Cure 
Notice has been served. 
(iii) 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices)), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Primary Paying Agent and the 
Subsequent Paying Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 
one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity Date, of any inability of the Guarantor to 
pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any 
failure by the Guarantor to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
In the circumstances described above, the Guarantor shall, on the relevant Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if 
any) available (after making payments or provisions for payment of amounts ranking 
higher or pari passu with the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata towards payment of 
an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of 
each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to make any 
payment towards satisfaction of the Final Redemption Amount not so done on such Due 
for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above. 
(v) 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond 
the Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity), the 
Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant CB Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which 
the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date unless on such 
date payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused (in which case, interest will 
continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). In these events, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the 
rate determined in accordance with Condition 8(b)(vi) on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on the CB Payment Date in each month after 
the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately prior to the 
relevant CB Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
The final CB Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(vi) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a 
Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond 
the Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity), the rate 
of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the CB 
Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant CB Payment Date will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Primary 
Paying Agent or the Subsequent Paying Agent, as the case may be, or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, the calculation agent so specified, 
two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such CB Interest Period 
and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Milan 4226583.8 
(vii) 
The provisions set out in sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above shall only apply to Covered 
Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within 
two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is automatically 
extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Extension 
of maturity). 
(viii) Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Covered Bonds, a failure to pay by the Guarantor on the Maturity Date shall 
not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of the first Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days prior 
to the CB Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Subsequent Paying Agent and the Primary Paying Agent, with a copy to the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate 
signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be sufficient to the 
Subsequent Paying Agent and the Primary Paying Agent and conclusive and binding on the 
Covered Bondholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Milan 4226583.8 
8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
8(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall 
be redeemed at the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so 
redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other 
Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such clearing systems as a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to compliance with 
applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) in respect of such Covered Bonds shall in no event be greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount or be less than the Minimum Redemption Amount so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Covered Bond, redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. To exercise such option, the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Primary 
Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Primary 
Paying Agent. The Primary Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once 
deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bond becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bond on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Primary Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered 
Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant 
Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Primary 
Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Milan 4226583.8 
Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder and not the Primary Paying Agent shall be deemed to 
be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Primary Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices), all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the 
Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving of 
such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any 
Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
has become or will become effective before the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 8(a) (At maturity) to 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price per Calculation Amount; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
(j) 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the amount(s) and on the payment date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, Instalment Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(k) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase 
beneficially or procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at 
the option of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor), cancelled. The 
Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(l) 
Cancellation

--- Page 245 ---
245 
Milan 4226583.8 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed, in accordance with Conditions from 8(a) (At maturity) 
to 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality), shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds deposited with 
Monte Titoli will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Primary 
Paying Agent and/or the Subsequent Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) to the accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose 
accounts are credited with those Covered Bonds, and thereafter credited by such banks and 
authorised brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners 
of those Covered Bonds. Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) according to the instructions of Monte Titoli to the accounts with Monte Titoli of 
the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with those Covered Bonds will 
relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the corresponding 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case 
may be). 
Alternatively, the Primary Paying Agent and/or the Subsequent Paying Agent may arrange for 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made to the Covered 
Bondholders through Euroclear and Clearstream to be credited to the accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream. Payments made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream will relieve the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the corresponding payment obligations under 
the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, directives and regulations in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or their Agents agree to be subject and neither Issuer nor the Guarantor will be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation in the 
Republic of Italy).  
(c) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for any payment of principal and/or interest in respect of any Covered Bond is 
not a Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the holder of the relevant Covered Bond 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the immediately 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such Place of Payment and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy

--- Page 246 ---
246 
Milan 4226583.8 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended 
(“Decree No. 239/1996”) with respect to any Covered Bonds (including in all 
circumstances in which the requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239/1996 and 
related implementing rules have not been properly and promptly met or complied with) or, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as 
amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998) (as any of the same 
may be amended or supplemented) or any related implementing regulations; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
A. in the Republic of Italy; or 
B. by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
C. by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a 
declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority including, but 
not limited to, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption but has failed to do so; or 
D. more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the 
relevant holder would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting such Covered Bond for payment on such 30th day assuming that 
day to have been a CB Payment Date; or 
E. in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities for the purpose of Decree No. 
239/1996; or 
F. in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
G. in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time; or 
H. held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who would have been able to 
avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered 
Bond to a Paying Agent in another Member State of the EU but they failed 
to do so. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Milan 4226583.8 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of 
Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to 
the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of two Business Days to pay any principal amount or for 
a period of 14 Business Days in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of 
any Series when due; or  
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(of any Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
(other than any obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds 
and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, 
in which case no notice will be required), and such failure remains unremedied for 
30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice 
thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is 
capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not cured by the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event, 
then, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and Guarantor declaring that an Issuer Event 
of Default has occurred (specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event, that the Issuer Event of 
Default may be temporary). 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari 
passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 
3 of the MEF Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction 
Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and (C) in case of the Issuer Event of Default 
referred to under point (F) above (I) the Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the 
Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (II) upon the end of the suspension 
period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
(ii) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of 
Payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement;

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Milan 4226583.8 
(iii) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined above) shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation 
Test (as defined below) shall be also applied; 
(iv) 
to the extent that the Guarantor does not have sufficient funds to pay principal on any 
Series of Covered Bonds, such Series shall become a Pass Through Series in 
accordance with Condition 8(b); 
(v) 
 the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely due payments under the 
Covered Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(vi) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued; 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in items (i) to (vi) of paragraph (b) 
above will only apply for as long as the Suspension Period will be in force and effect.  
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution 
pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the “Article 74 
Event”) and ending on the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing such parties 
that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in accordance with the 
MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that fall due 
and payable during such period. 
(c) 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass Through Series of Covered 
Bonds and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-Breach of 
Amortisation Test Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell Receivables and/or the 
Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible 
Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of this Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor 
Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor, having sufficient Available Funds for such purpose in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments, for a period of seven days to pay 
any principal amount, or for a period of 14 days in the payment of any interest on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
(ii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under the provisions of any 
Transaction Documents to which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for 
the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) and (except where, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy, in which case no notice will be required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 
days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice 
thereof to the Guarantor, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is 
capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor,

--- Page 249 ---
249 
Milan 4226583.8 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor declaring that a Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Pass Through Covered 
Bonds) shall become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; and 
(ii) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs with respect to a Series, each other Series of 
Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, becoming 
due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves; and 
(iii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall 
have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the Covered 
Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 10(a) (Gross up by 
Issuer)) in accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement; and 
(iv) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the 
Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Covered Bonds, provided that the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such 
steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Guarantor as it may think fit to 
enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps 
unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(v) 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11 
(Events of Default) by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to 
the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall be barred and become void unless made within 10 
years (in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the 
issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force 
and in effect until repayment in full or cancellation of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the

--- Page 250 ---
250 
Milan 4226583.8 
Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal 
representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
(b) 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, these Conditions 
(including the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), the Intercreditor 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Initial Issue 
Date and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the 
Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative, acting 
in its name and on its behalf, and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be 
bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is a party and by any agreement entered into from time to time by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered 
Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without prejudice for the 
provisions set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the performance by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction 
Documents. 
14. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised 
by the Cover Pool as provided under the OBG Regulations. The recourse of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool which constitute Available Funds subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to 
other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under 
the general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts or enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled 
to proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by 
the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
enforce the Covered Bonds Guarantee or take any proceedings against the Guarantor to 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee;

--- Page 251 ---
251 
Milan 4226583.8 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the 
Transaction Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps 
against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the 
Guarantor; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme, or any other similar programme 
established for the issuance of covered bond guaranteed by the Guarantor, have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms together with any 
payments payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any 
person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall 
initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the Guarantor; 
and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of 
Payments not being complied with. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, the Paying Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to 
Pay or a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, as agents of the Guarantor 
and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Primary Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any 
additional Paying Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent in 
an EU member state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European 
Council Directive 2003/48/EC income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced 
in order to conform to, such Directive ; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall 
maintain a paying agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered 
Bonds or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
Milan 4226583.8 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through 
Monte Titoli and/or by a common depository for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, shall be deemed 
to have been validly given if delivered to Monte Titoli and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream for 
communication by them to the entitled accountholders and any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date on which it was delivered to Monte Titoli, Clearstream and 
Euroclear, as applicable.  
(b) 
In addition, for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders 
shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(c) 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method 
of giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable 
having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to 
trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Covered Bondholders in 
such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded 
up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal 
places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
These Covered Bonds, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Transaction Documents (save for the Swap Agreements and the English 
Law Deed of Charge and Assignment which are governed by English law) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise 
in relation to the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of 
Law 130, the BoI Regulations and the MEF Decree.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Milan 4226583.8 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1 
General 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa) is created concurrently with the issue and subscription of the first Series 
of Covered Bonds and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders (the “Rules”). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the 
Covered Bonds of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
“Blocked Covered Bonds” means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an 
account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant 
custodian, or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds 
which have been blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Primary 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, on terms 
that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Primary 
Paying Agent or by a Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified 
Covered Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be released until the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the notification to the Primary Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed 
for its resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered 
Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Primary Paying Agent to the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered 
Bonds have been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until the conclusion 
of the Meeting; 
(i) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder, or the registered Holder in case of 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered 
Bonds or a duly authorised person on its behalf has notified the Primary Paying 
Agent or the Registrar that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to 
be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that

--- Page 254 ---
254 
Milan 4226583.8 
during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such 
instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(ii) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing 
between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and 
(iii) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions. 
“Chairman” means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance 
with Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
“Covered Bondholder” means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such 
Covered Bonds. 
“Event of Default” means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default, as the 
context requires. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held 
in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three 
quarters of the votes cast. 
“Holder” means, in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, 
in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of 
such Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register; 
“Liabilities” means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, 
actions or demands, judgments, proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including value added taxes 
or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full 
indemnity basis. 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment). 
“Monte Titoli Account Holder” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant 
Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by 
the Relevant Clearing System). 
“Ordinary Resolution” means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent 
of the votes cast. 
“Programme Resolution” means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of 
the Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to 
Conditions 11(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 11(e) (Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice), as 
applicable, or other similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form. 
“Proxy” means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person 
appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Primary 
Paying Agent or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time 
which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and

--- Page 255 ---
255 
Milan 4226583.8 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been revoked to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited. 
“Register” means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and 
assignments of Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
“Registered Paying Agent” means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying 
agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
“Registrar” means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if 
the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the 
Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
“Resolutions” means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
“Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Pass Through Series or Series of 
Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the respective Swap Agreement relating to such 
Covered Bond or Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap 
Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate. 
“Transaction Party” means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
“Voter” means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a Voting 
Certificate, the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Primary Paying Agent or by a 
Registrar or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction. 
“Voting Certificate” means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by the interested 
Covered Bondholder and issued by the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or the relevant custodian or by a Registrar, as the case may be, and dated, stating: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Covered Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case 
may be, and will not be released until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Meeting and 
(ii) the surrender of the certificate to the clearing system or the Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or to the Registrar who issued the same; 
(b) 
details of the Meeting concerned and the number of the Blocked Covered Bonds; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect 
of the Blocked Covered Bonds.: 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more 
persons holding or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders. 
“24 hours” means a period of 24 hours, including all or part of a day on which banks are open 
for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where 
the Primary Paying Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form, the Registrar has its specified office. 
“48 hours” means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them 
in the relevant Conditions.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
Milan 4226583.8 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a) 
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the 
contrary, be a reference to an Article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(b) 
any reference to a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an 
assignee or successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and 
obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, 
such rights and obligations have been transferred; and 
(c) 
any reference to any “Transaction Party” shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a 
separate Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds and, accordingly, unless for any 
purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall 
otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) and 4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and 
Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of 
the Guarantor) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, separately and independently to the Covered 
Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders) to 4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the 
Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such 
Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, 
in such Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Covered Bondholders” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
3 
Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of 
the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or 
desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
Milan 4226583.8 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4 
Convening a Meeting 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene 
separate or single Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at any time and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by Covered 
Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a 
meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Covered Bondholders of any Series 
may at any time and the Issuer shall upon request in writing signed by the holders of not less 
than one-tenth of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for 
a period of seven days in convening such a meeting the same may be convened by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the relevant holder(s). The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of more than 
one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no 
conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the 
provisions of these Rules shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of 
the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
5 
Notice 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the 
relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given 
to the relevant Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the Primary Paying Agent, with a copy 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where 
the Meeting is convened by the Issuer subject to Article 4.2 (Meetings convened by Issuer). 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the 
nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that the Voting Certificate 
for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in 
accordance with the provisions of the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly 
by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. The 
notice shall specify the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how,

--- Page 258 ---
258 
Milan 4226583.8 
according to these rules, Covered Bondholders may appoint Proxies, obtain Voting Certificates 
and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full 
text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without 
including the full text and shall state that Covered Bond issued in registered form, may be 
blocked with the Registrar, or with any other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the 
purposes of appointing Proxies under Block Voting Instructions until 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting and that holders of Covered Bonds issued in registered form may also 
appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to the 
Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the 
Specified Office of the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not complied 
with if the Covered Bondholders constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are represented at such Meeting 
and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
6 
Chairman of the Meeting 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes of the time 
fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing 
which the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be 
the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, 
manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and 
moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited 
to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required 
to be Covered Bondholders. 
7 
Quorum 
7.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that 
time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least one-third 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Milan 4226583.8 
representing Covered Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as 
provided below), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of 
the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per cent of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time 
being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons (including the Issuer 
if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing one-third 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding; or 
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Articles 30 
(Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), only be capable of being effected after 
having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of 
the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of 
the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the relevant Pass Through 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Italian Deed of Pledge or 
the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment (except in a manner 
determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 
(Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such 
relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or 
other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person 
or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7.1(c), 
(each a “Series Reserved Matter”), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that 
time it owns any of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds) being 
or representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any 
of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds) being or representing 
not less than one third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Milan 4226583.8 
7.2 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes of the 
time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which a quorum is present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting 
shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Bondholders otherwise agree) shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not 
less than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the 
Meeting (if such notice sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); provided, 
however, that, in any case: 
(i) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(ii) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Bondholders together so decide. 
8 
Adjourned Meeting 
Without prejudice to Article 7 (Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent of any Meeting, and 
shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall 
be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the 
Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
9 
Notice following Adjournment 
9.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack 
of a quorum except that: 
(a) 
at least 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the 
day on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be given; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes; and 
(c) 
it shall not be necessary to give notice of the convening of an adjourned Meeting (i) if the 
notice given in respect of the first Meeting already sets the time and place for an 
adjourned Meeting and specifies the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes; or (ii) if the Meeting has been adjourned for any other reason. 
9.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be 
necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those 
described in Article 7 (Quorum). 
10 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor;

--- Page 261 ---
261 
Milan 4226583.8 
(c) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(d) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(e) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
and 
(f) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
11 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
11.1 A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the 
case may be, to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation, regarding post-trading 
systems, issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from 
time to time. 
11.2 A Covered Bondholder may require the Primary Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting 
Instruction by arranging for their Covered Bonds to be blocked in an account with the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian at least 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting, providing to the Primary Paying Agent, where 
appropriate, evidence that the Covered Bonds are so blocked. The Covered Bondholders may 
obtain such evidence by, inter alia, requesting the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder or the relevant custodian to release a certificate in accordance with, as the case 
may be: (i) the practices and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System; or (ii) the applicable 
provisions set fort under the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued by the Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
11.3 A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked 
Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
11.4 So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the 
case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting 
Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates 
for all purposes in connection with the Meeting.  
11.5 A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in 
respect of the same Covered Bond. 
11.6 References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with 
the usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
11.7 Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging 
(to the satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued in registered form to 
be blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. The registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by 
delivering to the Registrar written instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for 
the relevant Meeting. Any registered Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form 
of Proxy from the Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction 
cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
Milan 4226583.8 
12 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions and Voting Certificates 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting 
only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the 
Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory 
evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holder or Proxy 
named therein shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the 
identity of any Proxy or Covered Bondholder named therein. 
13 
Voting by Show of Hands 
13.1 Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show 
of hands. 
13.2 Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman’s declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a 
particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without 
proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
14 
Voting by Poll 
14.1 Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter. A poll 
may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll 
demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken 
immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting 
for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting 
at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
14.2 The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the 
votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in 
compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, 
the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting 
the outcome of the vote. 
15 
Votes 
15.1 Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 in principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds represented by the Voting Certificate produced by such Voter or in respect of 
which he is a Proxy or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of 
holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another currency, such amount in such other

--- Page 263 ---
263 
Milan 4226583.8 
currency as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion 
may stipulate). 
15.2 Block Voting Instruction and Voting Certificate 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case 
of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled 
or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3 Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16 
Voting by Proxy 
16.1 Validity 
Any vote cast by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting 
Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or 
revoked, provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Registrar or the Chairman has been notified in writing by the Primary Paying Agent of such 
amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2 Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment, save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to, 
exclusively, the meeting originally convened and which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person 
appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or 
Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
17 
Resolutions 
17.1 Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
To grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of 
the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be 
the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject 
of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary 
Resolution. 
17.2 Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or 
any of them;

--- Page 264 ---
264 
Milan 4226583.8 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction 
Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or any Transaction 
Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any 
other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and 
remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in 
relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document; 
(h) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any other party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, or waive the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, a Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of 
test, and direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery 
of the relevant Notice to Pay, Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, Guarantor Default 
Notice or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to 
represent the interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee 
any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute 
all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
and 
(k) 
in case of failure or request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send a 
Notice to Pay, Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of 
Test Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice 
as a result of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default) or a breach of Amortisation Test pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice) or as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to 
Condition 11(d) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
17.3 Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Milan 4226583.8 
the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 11(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 11(e) 
(Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice), as applicable. 
17.4 Other Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (other than a Programme Resolution which 
shall be passed by the Holders of all the Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding) that is passed by the Holders of one Pass Through Series or Series of Covered 
Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds 
unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may 
be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
18 
Effect of Resolutions 
18.1 Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution 
passed at a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
these Rules shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such 
Meeting and/or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series, whether or not present at the meeting and/or not voting. 
18.2 Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders 
shall be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the 
Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19 
Challenge to Resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not 
passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books 
provided by the Issuer for that purpose. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be 
prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, 
every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as 
having been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be 
regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
22 
Individual Actions and Remedies 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 14 (Limited 
Recourse and Non-Petition), clause 4 (Exercise of rights and subrogation) and clause 11 (Limited 
Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and clause 9 (Exercise of Certain Rights) and clause 13 
(Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is 
considering bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights 
under the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be 
subject to a Meeting passing an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to such individual action or other

--- Page 266 ---
266 
Milan 4226583.8 
remedy on the grounds that it is consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance 
with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of Meeting); 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to the enforcement of the 
individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be permitted to take such action or 
remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a reasonable period of time, the same matter 
may be resubmitted for review at another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not consent to an individual action or remedy, the 
Covered Bondholder will be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23 
Meetings and Separate Series 
23.1 Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series, the foregoing provisions of these Rules shall have effect subject to the 
following modifications: 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
if passed at a meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of 
interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be 
deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a 
conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of 
Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of 
Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate 
meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or group of Series so 
affected; 
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a 
single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
(e) 
to all such meetings, all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall apply, mutatis 
mutandis, as though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders 
were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to 
the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2 Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in 
Euro in the case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of 
Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any such 
adjourned Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution), 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the

--- Page 267 ---
267 
Milan 4226583.8 
relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have one 
vote for each Euro 1,000 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
24 
Further Regulations 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the 
holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution 
as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25 
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration 
25.1 Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this 
Article 25, except for the appointment of the first Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
which will be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. appointed under the Programme 
Agreement. 
25.2 Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Save for Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as first Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders under the Programme, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in 
any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to article 106 of the Banking Act; or 
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor and those who fall within the 
conditions set out in article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be 
automatically removed. 
25.3 Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns 
pursuant to Article 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall 
remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all Pass Through Series or Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
25.4 After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the 
substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in 
Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its 
appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 268 ---
268 
Milan 4226583.8 
whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by 
the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. 
25.5 Remuneration 
The Issuer and, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall pay to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for 
the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall 
accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out 
in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of 
whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
Such fees may be increased, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, 
in the event that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes duties of 
exceptional nature. 
26 
Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three 
calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any 
specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of 
such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become 
effective until a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance 
with Article 25.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
accepted its appointment, provided that, if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders). 
27 
Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
27.1 Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
27.2 Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its 
advisers at the Issuer’s expenses, provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and 
duly documented) to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time 
necessary or desirable. 
27.3 Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, in the exercise of the powers, discretions 
and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or

--- Page 269 ---
269 
Milan 4226583.8 
fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities 
vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations 
(including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think 
fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not, other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or 
proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be 
responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part 
of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible 
for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of 
such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings, including any Insolvency Event in respect 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
27.5 Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these 
Rules and any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms as the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be 
given retrospectively. 
27.6 Discretions 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise or refraining of any right, 
power and discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules 
or by operation of law and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
responsible for any loss, costs, damages, expenses or inconveniences that may result from the 
exercise, non-exercise or refraining from exercise thereof except insofar as the same are 
incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa grave) or willful misconduct (dolo). 
27.7 Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder (including, but not limited, to forming any opinion 
in connection with the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in 
order to obtain the Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to 
undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to 
request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in 
Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these 
Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and, if the

--- Page 270 ---
270 
Milan 4226583.8 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not 
capable of being remedied, such certificate, subject to the passing of any Extraordinary 
Resolution under Article 17.2 paragraph (h), shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, 
the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the 
Transaction Documents. 
28 
Exoneration of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
28.1 Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction 
Documents. 
28.2 Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of this Article 28.2 (Specific limitations), the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event 
of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the 
occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction 
Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no 
Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition or 
act has occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations 
contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
each other party to the Transaction Documents are duly observing and performing all 
their respective obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under 
the Conditions, the terms of any Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any 
Covered Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, any information 
(including, without limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive 
nature) made available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the 
Programme and no Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain 
from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such information; 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be 
under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the 
provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby 
or pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any breach or 
alleged breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and 
(without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Milan 4226583.8 
or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable 
whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to 
be delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by 
the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or 
other authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Servicer, the Account Banks, and the Corporate Servicer and the Primary 
Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered 
Bonds; 
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the 
issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons 
entitled thereto; 
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds 
by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, 
legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any 
Transaction Document; 
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or 
failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry 
or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
Receivables contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof provided by any person; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover 
Pool or any Transaction Document; 
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof;

--- Page 272 ---
272 
Milan 4226583.8 
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with 
the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests 
of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard 
to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders 
whatever their number and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to 
the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their 
number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing authority, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Covered Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person, any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Covered Bondholders; 
(q) 
shall not, if, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, 
it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or 
more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority 
or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per 
cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards to the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the 
Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the 
interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Guarantor but if, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict 
between their interests, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard 
solely to the interest of the Covered Bondholders; 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion 
vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement 
relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, 
proceedings, claims and demands which might be brought or made against it and against 
all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing contained in these 
Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial 
liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or 
discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or 
adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably 
assured, provided that the Representative of the Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so requests in conjunction with the exercise of 
any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or 
incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholders or any other Secured 
Creditors or any other person which may result from anything done or omitted to be done 
by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence 
(colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
Milan 4226583.8 
28.3 Security 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights 
granted by the Guarantor in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors under the security for the 
discharge of the Secured Amount, created by the Guarantor on or around the Initial Issue Date, 
pursuant the Italian Deed of Pledge and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment (the 
“Security”). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
and the other Secured Creditors, may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the 
Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors’ interest and on their behalf, any 
amounts deriving from the Security and may instruct, jointly with the Guarantor, the 
obligors whose obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be made 
thereunder to an Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the 
Security shall be deposit accounts for the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian Civil Code 
and agree that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance with the provisions of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to 
enforcement of the Security, in accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or 
apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from 
time to time from the Security, except in accordance with the foregoing, the Conditions and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
28.4 Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered 
Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
28.5 Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys 
or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its 
powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking 
any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any 
regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that 
it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any 
loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any 
such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29 
Reliance on Information 
29.1 Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or 
opinion of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax 
adviser, credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not, in the absence of

--- Page 274 ---
274 
Milan 4226583.8 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or willful miscounduct (dolo) on the part of Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, 
certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any 
opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same 
contains some error or is not authentic. 
29.2 Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept 
as sufficient evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
and 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call 
for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on 
such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall 
have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
29.3 Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in 
respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect 
in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such 
directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have 
been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon the 
Covered Bondholders. 
29.4 Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the 
Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in 
accordance with the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly by the Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB on 13 February 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are 
to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
29.5 Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true 
and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record 
made by any clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any 
particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, 
shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
29.6 Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes 
of exercising any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules, that

--- Page 275 ---
275 
Milan 4226583.8 
such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of 
any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed 
that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the 
case may be) would not be adversely affected by such exercise, have otherwise given their 
consent or have otherwise informed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders that they 
will not take an adverse rating action as a result of the exercise by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of any of its powers, authorities, duties or discretions hereunder. 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil 
its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific 
act would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense 
on behalf of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.7 Certificates of parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other 
than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document: 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided 
for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held 
responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its 
officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in 
the certificate. 
29.8 Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or 
investigating any auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report 
or certificate. 
30 
Amendments and Modifications 
30.1 The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and without the consent or 
sanction of the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other 
relevant parties in making any amendment and modification (and for this purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such amendment and 
modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter): 
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and 
will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series and the Secured Creditors; and 
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or, which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the 
satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an error which is

--- Page 276 ---
276 
Milan 4226583.8 
proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is required or 
opportune for the purposes of complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or 
administration of the MEF Decree, the Law 130, the BoI Regulations or any guidelines 
issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
30.2 Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such condition (if any) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders determines and shall be binding upon the Covered 
Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, 
shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3 The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or 
which it may incur by so doing. 
30.4 Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders considers it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to 
any of the following: 
(a) 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is 
in any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required to 
reflect such intention; and 
(b) 
confirmation from Moody’s that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered 
Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them 
immediately prior to the modification. 
31 
Waiver 
31.1 Waiver of breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at any time and from time to time without 
any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders and without prejudice to its rights in 
respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only if, and insofar as, in its 
opinion the interests of the Covered Bondholders then outstanding shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby: 
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may 
decide, any proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained 
in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the 
Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
Milan 4226583.8 
31.2 Binding nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred to in this Article 31 (Waiver) shall be binding 
on the Covered Bondholders. 
31.3 Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon 
it by this Article 31 in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made 
by the holders of not less than 75 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds (in the case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series 
taken together as a single Series as aforesaid) and at all times then only if it shall be 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it 
may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or 
request: 
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved 
Matter unless holders of Covered Bonds of each such Series has, by Extraordinary 
Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
31.4 Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall 
cause any such authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered 
Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
32 
Indemnity 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay 
or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or 
discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, 
actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, including, but not limited to, legal expenses, and any 
stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against 
the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the 
Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross 
negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
33 
Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the 
Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE 
OF A GUARANTOR DEFAULT NOTICE 
34 
Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor

--- Page 278 ---
278 
Milan 4226583.8 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to the service 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, failing the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Mandate Agreement, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 
and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor 
Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem 
propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights under certain Transaction 
Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant 
Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35 
Governing Law 
These Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are 
governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
36 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
Milan 4226583.8 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but 
denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds, or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK, 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]46  
[MIFID II product governance / target market investors – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
                                                     
 
46  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
Milan 4226583.8 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190   
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [ISIN/ issue date of earlier Tranche] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600CB91E077EF4425  
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 9 November 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 2017/1129/EC) as amended from 
time to time  (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms 
contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds 
described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. These Final Terms will be 
published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)  
1 
Series Number:  
[●] 
(a) 
Tranche Number:  
[●] 
(b) 
[Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series:] 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the Covered Bonds identified by ISIN 
CODE: No. [insert ISIN Code] on [the Issue Date] / [Not 
Applicable] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[●]  
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[●]  
(a) 
Series:  
[●]  
(b) 
Tranche:  
[●]  
4 
Issue Price:  
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)]

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Milan 4226583.8 
5 
Specified Denominations:  
€ 100,000 [plus integral multiples of [●] in addition to the 
said sum of € [1,000]] (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is Euro 
100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal 
amount)  
(a) 
Calculation Amount:  
[●]  
6 
Issue Date:  
[●]  
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
7 
Maturity Date:  
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
8 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee:  
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] (as referred to in Condition 
8(b)) 
9 
Interest Basis:  
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate]  
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [Margin] per cent Floating 
Rate]  
 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 7)] 
 
(further particulars specified in items [15] / [16] / [17] 
below)  
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
par (as referred to in Condition 8(a))] / [Subject to any 
purchase 
and 
cancellation 
or 
early 
redemption, 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par on the 
payment dates and the relevant amounts specified in 
item [23] (as referred to in Condition 8(j))] / [Subject to 
any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●] (insert an amount above 100%)/[100]] per 
cent of their nominal amount.] (as referred to in Condition 
8(i)) 
11 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Not Applicable] / [●] (insert details of the interest basis 
applicable)  
12 
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable]  
 
[Put Option (as referred to in Condition 8(f))]  
 
[Call Option (as referred to in Condition 8(d))]  
 
[(further particulars specified in items [18] / [19] below)]  
13 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds and of receipt of Covered 
[●] [and [●]], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation

--- Page 282 ---
282 
Milan 4226583.8 
Bond Guarantee:  
is required for the particular tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Covered Bond Guarantee)]  
14 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
15 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[●] 
per 
cent 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]  
(b) 
CB Payment Date(s):  
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention] / [Modifified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”) / [not adjusted]  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 6) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
CB Interest Period(s):  
[●]  
(b) 
Specified Period:  
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are alternatives. 
A Specified Period, rather than CB Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”)  
(c) 
CB Payment Dates:  
[●] (Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”)  
(d) 
First CB Payment Date:  
[●]  
(e) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 283 ---
283 
Milan 4226583.8 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/ Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre]  
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]  
(h) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Primary Paying Agent):  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate:  
[For example, EURIBOR]  
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[●]  
 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]  
 
Relevant Time:  
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]  
 
Relevant Financial Centre:  
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)  
(j) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option:  
[●]  
 
Designated Maturity:  
[●]  
 
Reset Date:  
[●]  
(k) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(n) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond 
Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 284 ---
284 
Milan 4226583.8 
(a) 
Accrual Yield:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[●]  
Provisions Relating to Redemption  
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 
8(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of Covered:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(d) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Maximum Redemption Amount:  
[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
19 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 
8(f)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●]  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bonds:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
20 
Final Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(which will always be redeemed at least at 100% of their 
nominal amount) shall be equal to the nominal amount of 
the relevant Covered Bonds) 
21 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/ [] per Calculation Amount] (as referred to 
in Condition 8)  
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor Event 
of Default or other early redemption (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
the Conditions):  
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds/specify the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds)  
General Provisions Applicable To The Covered Bonds 
22 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of

--- Page 285 ---
285 
Milan 4226583.8 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 15(b) and 16 (f) relate)  
23 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which 
principal 
is 
repayable 
in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made:  
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made] 
 
Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
 
By: ..............................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of 
ESTENSE CPT COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
 
By: ..............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 286 ---
286 
Milan 4226583.8 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing And Admission To Trading 
 
(a) 
Listing:  
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
(specify other) / None] 
(b) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/specify other regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
[The [●] were admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ [●] 
(specify other regulated market)] with effect from [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
Ratings 
 
Ratings:  
 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
 
[Moody’s: [●]]  
 
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of Moody’s / [●] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, on credit rating agencies as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation(EU) 
No. 462/2013 on credit rating agencies (as amended 
from time to time, the "EU CRA Regulation") as set 
out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published 
on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
pursuant 
to 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation (for more information please visit the 
European Securities and Markets Authority webpage) 
on 
its 
website 
(at

--- Page 287 ---
287 
Milan 4226583.8 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) / [●] is established in the UK and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on 
credit rating agencies as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 
on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from time 
to time, the "UK CRA Regulation")]] / [have not been 
issued or endorsed by any credit rating agency which 
is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 and Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 on credit 
rating agencies (as amended from time to time, the 
"EU CRA Regulation") / have not been issued or 
endorsed by any credit rating agency which is 
established 
in the UK and registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies on credit rating agencies as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and Regulation (EU) 
No. 462/2013 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended from time to time, the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
(Include 
the 
relevant 
wording 
as 
applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency assigning a 
rating to the Covered Bonds issued) 
[[Moody’s] / [●] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation ").] / [[Fitch] / [●] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s),] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer(s) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions, with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)]

--- Page 288 ---
288 
Milan 4226583.8 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield:  
 [Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
5 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – Historic Interest Rates  
[Not Applicable] / [Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [●] on the 
screen page [●].] 
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
6 
Distribution 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: []]  
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement] or of other 
contractual arrangement to subscribe the 
Covered Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly does not 
constitute "packaged" products, or the Covered 
Bonds do constitute “packaged” products and a KID 
will be prepared in the UK "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified.) 
 
7 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code:  
[●]  
Common Code:  
[●]

--- Page 289 ---
289 
Milan 4226583.8 
CFI 
[], [as published on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
FISN 
[], [as published on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
or 
alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable / [_____].]  
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) 
other than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment.  
Names and Specified Offices of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Calculation Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Listing Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (if 
any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
(Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
held in a form which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility (i.e. issued in dematerialised form (emesse 
in 
forma 
dematerializzata) 
and 
wholly 
and 
exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance 
with 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended, through the authorised 
institutions listed in article 83-quater of such 
legislative decree) and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.) 
8 
Proceeds 
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[●] 
Use of proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 290 ---
290 
Milan 4226583.8 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed covered bonds in registered form 
(Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds 
(the “Registered CB Conditions”). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to 
time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form of 
assignment agreement, attached to the Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer of 
the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Assignment Agreement”), the related Registered Covered Bonds rules 
of organisation agreement, in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to which 
the holders of the Registered Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by the terms of the Transaction 
Documents and (b) undertake to comply with the obligations, limitations and other covenants as to the 
exercise of certain rights in accordance with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) and the letter of appointment of (i) any 
additional paying agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered Paying Agent”) and 
(ii) the registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or additional set of documentation as agreed with the 
relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached 
thereto, the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
Registered Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered 
Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to 
the Available Funds. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and the Covered Bonds, except in respect of the applicable maturity of each Series or Tranche 
of the Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds or Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and the MEF Decree and with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders of 
Registered Covered Bonds shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that 
recourse to the Guarantor shall be limited to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool, subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time 
to time shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be 
settled through a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) 
as Namensschuld verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the 
Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, 
in any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered 
Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
Milan 4226583.8 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being 
set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or 
otherwise provided in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating 
thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each 
other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any other document expressed to 
govern such Registered Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the 
Registrar a duly executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination 
indicated in the applicable Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
Milan 4226583.8 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY  
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the Covered Bonds. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
(such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. For Covered Bondholders 
who are not resident in Italy for tax purposes, applicable tax treaties may reduce or nullify the tax rates set 
out below. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
This section will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs, the information in 
this section could become invalid. 
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (the “Decree 239/1996”) provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 
917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). For this purpose, 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, 
an amount not lower than their nominal value. 
Interests  
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Covered Bonds are connected (unless the individual has opted for the application of the 
“risparmio gestito” regimes according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 – see 
“Capital Gains Tax” below), (b) a non-commercial partnership, (c) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a 
withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a 
provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected and the 
Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered 
Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
(“IRES”) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also to 
regional tax productive activities (“IRAP”).  
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into 
Law. No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, payments of 
interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Covered Bonds made to Italian resident real estate

--- Page 293 ---
293 
Milan 4226583.8 
investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real 
estate SICAFs, both qualifying as such from a legal and regulatory perspective (the “Real Estate Funds”), 
are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. 
However, subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of 
the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the 
hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) 
established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Fund”), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund 
accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective Investment Fund Tax”).  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with 
an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued 
during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Pursuant 
to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIMs), 
fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a 
Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an “Intermediary”)..  
An Intermediary must: (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of 
the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered 
Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change 
of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Covered 
Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity and social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 or pension 
funds may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of 
Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”) and Law Decree 124/2019, as subsequently 
amended. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-
Italian resident beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, 
as amended from time to time (the “White List”), including any country that will be deemed listed therein for 
the purpose of any interim rule; or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international

--- Page 294 ---
294 
Milan 4226583.8 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter 
alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, set 
up in a country included in the White List.  
This tax regime applies provided that all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in 
its implementation rules in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met and complied 
with in due time. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent, or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, to interest, premium and other income paid to Covered Bondholders who 
are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of 
interest, premium or other income and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or 
the coupons with a resident bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or 
SIM or with a non-resident operator of a clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the 
purposes of Decree 239/1996 a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident 
bank or SIM which are in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file with the 
relevant depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement of the 
relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Covered 
Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which 
manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian 
resident guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Italian revenue authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein 
or that the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, according to an interpretation, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other 
proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent 
pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of 
payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent as 
a final tax. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, 
nil) rate of withholding tax. 
According to another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be treated, 
in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax 
regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares (azioni) or securities 
similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident 
commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are

--- Page 295 ---
295 
Milan 4226583.8 
effectively connected, (d) an Italian resident commercial partnership or (e) an Italian resident commercial 
private or public institution and trusts, such withholding tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. In all 
other cases the withholding tax is levied as a final withholding tax.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, subject to proper 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Capital gains  
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as 
part of the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered 
Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian 
company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private 
or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale early redemption or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 
per cent Covered Bondholders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 
10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital 
gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-
term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and Law Decree 124/2019.  
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of 
capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individual Covered Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax 
year. Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for 
such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in 
any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered Bondholders holding the 
Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the 
risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997, as a subsequently amended, the “Decree 461/1997”). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and 
(b) an express and valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by

--- Page 296 ---
296 
Milan 4226583.8 
the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in 
respect of capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well 
as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, 
and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using funds provided 
by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from 
capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the 
following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in 
connection with entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, 
including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-called 
risparmio gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree 461/1997) will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under this 
risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried 
forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
realised in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment 
Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but 
subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of 
the Covered Bondholder and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to 
taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 
per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (88-114) of Finance Act 2017 and Law 
Decree 124/2019, as subsequently amended. 
Non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders  
According to Art. 23, par. 1, let. f) of the TUIR, capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered 
Bondholders from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident 
Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, being the Covered Bonds traded on regulated markets.  
For sake of completeness, please note that, should the Covered Bonds not be traded on regular markets, 
the following tax regime applies.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders from the sale, early redemption or 
redemption of Covered Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, 
provided that (i) the Covered Bonds are held outside or (ii) the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Milan 4226583.8 
country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is set up in 
a country included in the White List, even if it does not have the status of a taxpayer. In such cases, in order 
to beneﬁt from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders holding 
the Covered Bonds with an Italian authorised financial Intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio 
gestito regime or are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime, may be required to produce in due time to 
the Italian authorised financial Intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the 
subjective requirements indicated above. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only 
in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds (subject to – in certain cases 
– the filing of the proper documentation) 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity and social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 or pension funds may 
be exempt from the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the 
Notes are included in a long term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended by Finance Act 2019. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006 as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 
1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, € 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds 
and notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of € 200; (b) private deeds are subject to 
lump sum of € 200 registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration or if the so-called 
“enunciazione” occurs.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
Milan 4226583.8 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the “Decree 201/2011”), a proportional 
stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by an 
Italian based financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent (and cannot 
exceed € 14,000, for taxpayers other than individuals) on the market value or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or redemption amount or, in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot 
be determined, on the purchase value of the Covered Bonds held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201 as amended an supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-
profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 
of Presidential Decree 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (“IVAFE”), which, for taxpayers other 
than individuals, cannot exceed €14,000 (Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 20 May 2020).Said regime 
equalizes the indirect taxtion of financial asses held abroad to the one provided for financial assets held in 
Italy, i.e. the stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642/72, above 
described. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value or, in the case the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in 
the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642/72 does apply. 
Exchange of information under the directive on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation  
Directive (EU) 2018/822 of May 25, 2018 (the so-called "DAC 6") introduced the obligation, for intermediaries 
and taxpayers, to communicate to the financial administrations of EU Countries the cross-border 
mechanisms potentially usable for aggressive tax planning. 
The data collected in this way should be subject to automatic exchange of information between the financial 
administrations of the EU Countries, thus contributing to the creation of a fair taxation environment and, 
therefore, to the proper functioning of the European market. 
Italy has recently implemented the DAC 6 with Legislative Decree of 30 July 2020, No. 100. 
In addition, the Decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance of 17 November 2020 has defined the 
technical rules and procedures for the automatic exchange of information, including the detailed indication of 
the "Hallmarks" (i.e.indexes of the fiscal risk of the cross-border arrangement). 
Potential Covered Bondholders should consult their tax advisors regarding possible reporting obligations 
under DAC 6. 
Tax Monitoring

--- Page 299 ---
299 
Milan 4226583.8 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 
1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring 
purposes in their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Covered Bonds) directly or 
indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through 
the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of income derived 
from the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign 
investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not 
exceed a € 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Certain non-U.S. financial institutions through which payments on the Covered Bonds are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent on all or a portion of payments made after 31 December 
2016 pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA").  
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through the ICSDs, in all but the most remote circumstances, it is not 
expected FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the ICSDs. However, FATCA may affect 
payments made to custodians or intermediaries (including any clearing system other than an ICSD) in the 
payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to 
receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It may also affect payments to any ultimate investor that is a 
financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA or an ultimate 
investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives a payment) 
with any information, forms or other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to 
be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to 
ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA, including any local law 
intended to implement an inter-governmental agreement, if applicable) and provide each custodian or 
intermediary with any information, forms or other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such 
custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own 
tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how it may affect them.  
The Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bonds are discharged once it has made payment to, or to the 
order of, the common depositary or common safekeeper for the ICSDs (as bearer of the Covered Bonds) 
and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the ICSDs and 
custodians or intermediaries. Further, foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States (an "IGA") are generally not expected to be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) from payments they make. 
In order to improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA, Italy entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States on 10 January 2014 (the “US-Italy IGA”), ratified by way 
of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015. 
The FATCA implementation Decree (i.e. FATCA Decree) was issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (MEF) on 6 August 2015 and published in the Official Gazette on 13 August 2015.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
Milan 4226583.8 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws currently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be 
construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in Covered Bonds should therefore consult their 
own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to 
which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, 
impost or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur 
le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), the employment fund 
solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) 
generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, 
levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably 
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are 
generally subject to personal income tax and the employment fund solidarity surcharge. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Covered Bondholders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, no withholding tax is levied either on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-residents Covered Bondholders, or on accrued but unpaid 
interest. In respect of Covered Bonds, no Luxembourg withholding tax is payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of Covered Bonds held by non-resident Covered Bondholders. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
“Relibi Law”), interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents 
are subject to a 20 per cent withholding tax. Responsibility for the withholding of such tax will be assumed by 
the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Non-resident corporate Covered Bondholders or non-resident individual Covered Bondholders acting in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who do not have a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are attributable, 
are not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts under the Covered Bonds or on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
A resident corporate Covered Bondholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
the Covered Bonds, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. The same 
inclusion applies to an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of a

--- Page 301 ---
301 
Milan 4226583.8 
professional or business undertaking. Covered Bondholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be 
liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
A Covered Bondholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as 
amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 
23 July 2016 on reserved alternative funds (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) 
the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 
July 2016 applies), is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
A resident individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Covered Bonds, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in 
accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual Covered Bondholder has opted for the application of a 
20 per cent (self-applied) tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies 
if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State 
(other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member 
State), or in a state that has entered into a treaty with Luxembourg relating to the EU Savings Directive. A 
gain realised by an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided that this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Covered Bonds were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid 
interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if withholding tax has been levied on such 
interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate Covered Bondholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on these Covered Bonds, except if the Covered 
Bondholder is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as 
amended, (ii) the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time, (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time, or (v) the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, 
as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds. 
An individual Covered Bondholder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax. 
Further to the law dated 18 December 2015, Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate 
taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of the corporate taxpayer is nil or negaltive. This minimum 
net wealth tax amounts to a Euro 4,815 flat rate for corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at 
least Euro 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the 
meaning of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of Luxembourg Plan Comptable Normalisé. 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from Euro 535 to 
Euro 32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to 
minimum net wealth tax. 
Additionally, please note that securitization companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitization, as amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016

--- Page 302 ---
302 
Milan 4226583.8 
(provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk 
capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies) and which fall under the 
special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Covered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents relating 
to the Covered Bonds are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires 
obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a Covered Bondholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his death, the 
Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded 
in Luxembourg.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
Milan 4226583.8 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement entered into in the context of the 
Programme between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Arranger and the Initial Dealer (the “Programme Agreement”). The Programme Agreement makes provision 
for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Covered Bonds. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. The Programme Agreement 
contains stabilising and market making provisions. 
Subscription Agreement 
In respect of any syndicated issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and any one or more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time will 
enter into a subscription agreement (a “Subscription Agreement” and each Dealer party thereto, a 
“Relevant Dealer”). Each Subscription Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the 
relevant Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being 
issued. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States of 
America or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable 
state or local securities laws under circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register 
under the Securities Act. The Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold or delivered the 
Cover Bonds, and will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Covered Bonds are first offered to Persons other than 
Distributors in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Issue Date, except, in either case, only in accordance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the Dealer nor their respective Affiliates 
(“Affiliates”) (as defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) nor any Persons acting on 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Cover Bonds, and 
they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of the sale of Cover Bonds, the Dealer will have sent to each 
Distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases the 
Cover Bonds from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) a confirmation 
or notice to substantially the following effect: 
The Cover Bonds covered hereby have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. 
Person (i) by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii), (x) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Covered Bonds are first offered to

--- Page 304 ---
304 
Milan 4226583.8 
Persons other than Distributors in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Issue Date, except in either case, in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning given to them 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Cover Bonds may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
Risk Retention U.S. Person except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the 
registration requirements of, the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Covered Bonds 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA” or the “Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of

--- Page 305 ---
305 
Milan 4226583.8 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any "Relevant State" means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds, and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 306 ---
306 
Milan 4226583.8 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in 
the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such 
offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
The United Kingdom  
In relation to each Series of Covered Bonds, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree with the Issuer that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Republic of France 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each of the 
Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, 
the applicable Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, and that such 
offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L. 411-1, 
L. 411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 2 item (e) of European Regulation 
2017/1129 of 14 June 2017.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
Milan 4226583.8 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
in 
compliance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Prospectus 
Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany to the offering 
and sale of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e 
la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as 
set out below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold, or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus 
or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in 
circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, 
and any applicable Italian law and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 ("Consolidated 
Banking Act"), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable law and 
regulation; 
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to 
time, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB 
and/or another Italian authority. 
 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the 
Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefor (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the United States of America, United 
Kingdom, Japan, France, Germany and the Republic of Italy, see above). 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed 
“General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
Milan 4226583.8 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Official List and be traded on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on 
an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
ProspectusRegulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, 
where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency). 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No 
Registered Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by certain resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer on 3 March 2015, 24 March 2015, 28 July 2015 and 20 October 2015. The publication of this Base 
Prospectus was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 23 September 2021. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor on 20 November 2015. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations 
in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and 
held on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The address of 
Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance 
together with any further appropriate information.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Conditions 
will specify the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made 
and settled. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the 
Final Terms relating thereto. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, 
there shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and

--- Page 309 ---
309 
Milan 4226583.8 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of Covered Bondholders is as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, nor is the Issuer or the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened 
proceedings of such kind, which have had or may have significant effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s 
financial position or profitability. 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2020 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2020 (the 
last date to which the latest published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
No significant change in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s financial or trading position or financial 
performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2021 (the end of the last financial period for which  
a limited review report on operations has been published).  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the 
Guarantor since 31 December 2020 (the last date to which the latest published financial information of the 
Guarantor was prepared). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the Programme Agreement; 
(b) 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(c) 
the Conditions; 
(d) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(e) 
the Master Transfer Agreements; 
(f) 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements; 
(g) 
the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(h) 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(i) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(j) 
the Intercreditor Agreement;

--- Page 310 ---
310 
Milan 4226583.8 
(k) 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
the Corporate Services Agreement; 
(m) 
the Quotaholders’ Agreement; 
(n) 
the Swap Agreements (if any); 
(o) 
the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment; 
(p) 
the Italian Deed of Pledge; 
(q) 
the Mandate Agreement; 
(r) 
the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(s) 
the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof;  
(t) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 
2021; 
(u) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 
March 2021; 
(v) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2020;  
(w) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 
2020; 
(x) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2019; 
(y) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; 
(z) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
(aa) 
the BPER Group Press release dated 5 November 2020 entitled “Consolidated interim report 
on operations as at 30 September 2021”; 
(bb) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the 
relevant Covered Bondholders; and 
(cc) 
any other document incorporated by reference.Copies of all such documents shall also be available to 
Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, any document incorporated by reference hereto and 
referring to the guarantee attached to the Covered Bonds may be found at the following website: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-prospectus/estense-cpt-covered-bond. 
If the Programme is listed and admitted to trading in a regulated market, either than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the documentation listed above shall be made available pursuant to the applicable rules of the 
relevant regulated market.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
Milan 4226583.8 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base 
Prospectus and copies of any Final Terms relating to the Covered Bonds will remain publicly available in 
electronic 
form 
for 
at 
least 
10 
years 
on 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-
prospectus/estense-cpt-covered-bond.  
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent 
publicly available financial statements and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent 
available financial statements of the Guarantor may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on the 
accounts of the Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is 
included. 
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent 
Investor Report may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Publication on the Internet 
For the purposes of Article 21.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto 
and the Final Terms will be available on a dedicated section of the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to 
be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”), whose registered office is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, is the 
current auditor of the Issuer and the Guarantor and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro 
dei Revisori Legali) held by the Ministery for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 
27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. 
Deloitte is also a member of ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili.  
Deloitte audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
and on the financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020.  
Deloitte applied a limited review report to the Issuer's interim financial statements as of 30 June 2020 and 30 
June 2021, in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards in Italy. 
 
Websites

--- Page 312 ---
312 
Milan 4226583.8 
Any website included in this Base Prospectus (i) is for information purpose only, (ii) do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and (iii) have not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority inorder to comply 
with Article 10(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
Milan 4226583.8 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a term indicates 
the page on which such term is first defined. These and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject 
to, and in some cases are summaries of, the definitions of such terms set out in the Transaction Documents, 
as they may be amended from time to time. 
£ ...................................................................... 7 
€ .............................................................. 7, 215 
2019 Budget Law ..................................... 191 
24 hours .................................................... 255 
30/360 ........................................................ 211 
30E/360 ..................................................... 211 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................ 212 
360/360 ...................................................... 211 
48 hours .................................................... 255 
Account ...................................................... 206 
Account Banks ................................. 180, 206 
Accounts .................................................... 206 
Accrual Yield ............................................. 206 
Actual/360 ................................................. 211 
Actual/365 (Fixed) .................................... 211 
Actual/Actual ............................................. 211 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................... 210 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................ 211 
Additional Business Centre(s)................ 206 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ................ 206 
Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement................................... 12, 170, 206 
Additional Scheduled Interest 
Amounts ............................................ 177, 226 
Additional Scheduled Principal 
Amounts ............................................ 177, 226 
Additional Seller ................... 12, 47, 170, 207 
Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement............................. 12, 51, 174, 207 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement................................... 48, 172, 207 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount 155, 207 
Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount ...................................................... 184 
Admitted States ........................................ 192 
Advances ................................................... 173 
Affected Loan ............................................ 155 
Affected Receivables ............................... 172 
Affiliates ..................................................... 303 
Amortisation Test ....................... 53, 159, 207 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount .............................................. 159, 207 
Arranger ....................................................... 12 
Article ......................................................... 256 
Article 74 Event ................................ 175, 248 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice .......... 175, 207 
Asset Coverage Test ....................... 155, 207 
Asset Monitor ...................... 13, 145, 197, 207 
Asset Monitor Agreement ............... 145, 207 
Asset Monitor Engagement Letter ......... 145 
Asset Percentage ..................................... 157 
Asset Percentage Adjusted 
Principal Balance ..................................... 156 
Assignment Agreement ........................... 290 
Available Funds .................................. 43, 207 
AY ............................................................... 244 
Banking Act ....................................... 194, 207 
Bankruptcy Law ........................................ 194 
Base Prospectus .................................. 1, 280 
Benchmark Amendments ....................... 237 
Benchmarks Regulation .............................. 3 
Block Voting Instruction........................... 253 
Blocked Covered Bonds ......................... 253 
BoI Regulations .............................. 1, 24, 204 
Bond Basis ................................................ 211 
Borrower ...................................................... 47 
Borrowers .................................................... 47 
BPER ............................................... 1, 11, 204 
BPER Banking Group ................................ 11

--- Page 314 ---
314 
Milan 4226583.8 
BPER Commitment Limit .......................... 55 
BPER Group ............................................... 11 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement46, 167, 207 
BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement................................... 51, 173, 208 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement................................... 47, 172, 208 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice ...... 208 
Breach of Tests Notice .............. 55, 183, 208 
Breach Related Loss ............................... 156 
Broken Amount......................................... 208 
Business Day ............................................ 208 
Business Day Convention ...................... 208 
Calculation Agent ............................... 14, 209 
Calculation Amount ................................. 209 
Calculation Date ................................. 28, 209 
Calculation Period .................................... 209 
Call Option ................................................ 209 
Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement......................................... 179, 209 
Cash Manager .................................... 14, 209 
CB Interest Period ............................. 17, 209 
CB Payment Date .............................. 17, 209 
CET1 .......................................................... 193 
Chairman ................................................... 254 
CHF ................................................................ 7 
Citibank N.A., London Branch ................. 13 
Citibank N.A., Milan Branch ..................... 13 
Clawed Back Amounts .................... 176, 216 
Clearstream .......................................... 2, 209 
Collateral ........................................... 190, 209 
Collateral ..................................................... 37 
Collateral Account .................................... 210 
Collection Accounts ................................. 210 
Collection Period ................................ 40, 210 
Compensation Threshold ....................... 158 
Condition ................................................... 204 
Conditions ................................... 20, 204, 280 
Conditions to the Issue ............................. 24 
CONSOB ......................................... 3, 18, 210 
Convention .................................................. 75 
Corporate Servicer ............................. 13, 210 
Corporate Services Agreement ..... 178, 210 
Cover Pool .......................................... 26, 210 
Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement ......................................... 182, 210 
Cover Pool Manager ................................ 210 
Covered Bond Guarantee ....... 174, 191, 205 
Covered Bond Swap .......................... 14, 210 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty . 14, 210 
Covered Bondholder ................................ 254 
Covered Bondholders ................ 23, 210, 256 
Covered Bonds ..................... 1, 204, 205, 256 
Criteria ......................................................... 48 
CSA ............................................................ 190 
CSSF .............................................................. 1 
Cure Period ............................................... 172 
Day Count Fraction .................................. 210 
Dealer ........................................................ 212 
Dealers ........................................ 12, 205, 303 
Debtor .......................................................... 47 
Decree 53/2015 ........................................ 192 
Decree No. 196 ........................................ 170 
Decree No. 239 ........................................ 246 
Designated Maturity ................................. 234 
Destinazione Italia Decree ................ 72, 191 
Discount Factor ........................................ 154 
Due for Payment Date ..................... 176, 212 
each Series of Covered Bonds .............. 205 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds .......... 212 
Early Redemption Amount .............. 176, 213 
Early Redemption Date ........................... 213 
Early Termination Amount ...................... 213 
EBA Supervisory Handbook ..................... 60 
EEA ................................................................ 8 
Eligible Assets ............................ 26, 167, 213 
Eligible Cover Pool .................................. 154

--- Page 315 ---
315 
Milan 4226583.8 
Eligible Deposits....................................... 213 
Eligible Deposits Advance ................ 51, 173 
Eligible Institution ..................................... 213 
Eligible Investment ................................... 213 
Eligible Investments ................................... 51 
Eligible States ..................................... 48, 215 
English Account ....................................... 215 
English Account Bank ....................... 14, 215 
English Accounts ..................................... 215 
English Investment Account ........... 165, 215 
English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment ....................................... 189, 215 
English Securities Account ............. 165, 215 
English Swap Collateral Account .... 37, 215 
Estense CPT Cover Pool Report ........... 179 
EUR ........................................................ 7, 215 
EURIBOR .......................................... 215, 234 
euro ................................................................ 7 
Euro ........................................................ 7, 215 
Euro Equivalent ........................................ 215 
Eurobond Basis ........................................ 211 
Euroclear ............................................... 2, 215 
Eurodollar Convention ............................. 208 
Event of Default ........................................ 254 
Excess Proceeds ............................... 43, 215 
Excess Swap Collateral .................... 38, 215 
Expense Required Amount .............. 34, 162 
Expenses .................................................... 31 
Expenses Account ........................... 162, 216 
Extended Maturity Date .................... 22, 216 
Extension Determination Date ......... 23, 216 
Extraordinary Resolution ................ 216, 254 
FIEA ........................................................... 304 
Final Redemption Amount ........ 22, 176, 216 
Final Terms ......................................... 20, 204 
Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act ........................................... 304 
Financial Law ........................................ 2, 204 
Fixed Coupon Amount ............................ 216 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond ...................... 216 
Fixed Rate Provisions ............................. 216 
Floating Rate ............................................ 234 
Floating Rate Convention ....................... 208 
Floating Rate Covered Bond .................. 216 
Floating Rate Option ................................ 234 
Floating Rate Provisions ......................... 216 
Following Business Day 
Convention ................................................ 208 
FRN Convention ....................................... 208 
GDPR ......................................................... 170 
General Criteria .......................................... 48 
General Criteria ........................................ 168 
Group ........................................................... 11 
Guarantee Asset percentage ................. 160 
Guaranteed Amounts ...................... 176, 216 
Guarantor ........................................ 1, 11, 204 
Guarantor Calculation Agent ............ 14, 217 
Guarantor Default Notice .................. 30, 217 
Guarantor Event of Default ..................... 248 
Guarantor Events of Default ............. 30, 217 
Guarantor Payment Date .................. 34, 217 
Guarantor’s Rights ................................... 178 
Holder ........................................................ 254 
IASB ............................................................. 96 
IFRIC ............................................................ 96 
Initial Dealer ................................................ 12 
Initial Issue Date ....................................... 217 
Initial Receivables ...................... 26, 167, 217 
Initial Seller .......................................... 12, 217 
Initial Transfer Date ................................... 40 
Initial Valuation Date .................................. 40 
Initial Valuation Date ................................ 217 
Insolvency Event ........................................ 28 
Insolvency Event ...................................... 229 
Instalment Covered Bond ....................... 217 
Insurance Policy ......................................... 71 
Integration ................................................. 195

--- Page 316 ---
316 
Milan 4226583.8 
Integration Advance ........................... 51, 173 
Integration Assets 26, 48, 167, 168, 195, 217 
Integration Assets Limit ..................... 48, 168 
Integration Assignment ..................... 46, 167 
Intercreditor Agreement .................. 178, 217 
Interest Amount ........................................ 217 
Interest Available Funds ................... 36, 217 
Interest Basis ............................................ 219 
Interest Commencement Date ......... 17, 219 
Interest Coverage Test ................... 153, 219 
Interest Determination Date ................... 219 
Investment Agent ............................... 14, 219 
Investment Date ....................................... 165 
Investor Report ......................................... 179 
Investor’s Currency .................................... 83 
Investor’s Report Date ............................ 181 
ISDA ..................................................... 15, 190 
ISDA Definitions ....................................... 219 
ISDA Determination ................................. 219 
ISDA Rate ................................................. 233 
Issuance Advance ............................. 51, 173 
Issuance Assignment ........................ 46, 167 
Issue Date ........................................... 17, 219 
Issue Price .......................................... 17, 219 
Issuer ........................................................... 11 
Issuer ............................................................. 1 
Issuer ......................................................... 204 
Issuer Event of Default .................... 219, 247 
Issuer Events of Default ............................ 27 
Italian Account .......................................... 219 
Italian Account Bank .......................... 13, 219 
Italian Accounts ........................................ 219 
Italian Cash Reserve Account........ 162, 219 
Italian Collection Account ............... 162, 219 
Italian Commingling Account.......... 162, 219 
Italian Deed of Pledge ..................... 188, 219 
Italian Payments Account ............... 162, 219 
Italy ................................................................. 7 
Latest Valuation ........................................ 157 
Law 126 ....................................................... 75 
Law 130 ........................................... 1, 11, 204 
Law Decree 91 ......................................... 191 
Law Decree 93 ........................................... 75 
Law No. 342 ................................................ 73 
Liabilities .................................................... 254 
Limits to the Assignment ........................... 46 
Liquidation Date ............................... 166, 219 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance ............ 155 
Luxembourg Listing Agent ................ 15, 219 
Mandate Agreement ........................ 189, 219 
Mandatory Tests .............................. 153, 220 
Margin ........................................................ 220 
Master Transfer Agreement ............. 12, 170 
Master Transfer Agreement ................... 220 
Master Transfer Agreements ........... 12, 170 
Master Transfer Agreements ................. 220 
Maturity Date ...................................... 21, 220 
Maximum Rate of Interest ....................... 220 
Maximum Redemption Amount ............. 220 
Meeting .............................................. 220, 254 
MEF Decree ............................ 1, 23, 191, 204 
MiFID II .......................................................... 8 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ............. 9 
Minimum Rate of Interest ........................ 220 
Minimum Redemption Amount ............... 220 
Modified Business Day Convention ...... 208 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention ................................................ 208 
Monte Titoli ............................................ 2, 220 
Monte Titoli Account Holder ................... 254 
Monte Titoli Account Holders ............. 2, 220 
Monthly Calculation Date ........................ 220 
Moody’s ........................................... 3, 15, 220 
Moody’s Deposit Compensation ............ 158 
Moody’s Set-Off Exposure ...................... 158 
Mortgage Loans ......................... 26, 167, 220

--- Page 317 ---
317 
Milan 4226583.8 
Mortgage Pool Swap ......................... 14, 220 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty . 14, 220 
Negative Carry Factor ..................... 157, 220 
Net Interest Collections from the 
Eligible Cover Pool .................................. 153 
Net Present Value of the Eligible 
Cover Pool ................................................ 153 
Net Present Value of the 
Outstanding Covered Bonds .................. 153 
No Adjustment .......................................... 209 
Nominal Value Test ......................... 153, 220 
Non Performing Loan ...................... 154, 220 
Notice to Pay ...................................... 27, 221 
NPV Test ........................................... 153, 221 
OBG Calculation Period .......................... 210 
OBG Regulations ................................. 1, 204 
Official Gazette ......................................... 221 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) .......................................................... 221 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ...... 221 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .......... 221 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ........... 221 
Order .................................................. 176, 221 
Ordinary Resolution ................................. 254 
Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders .............................................. 221 
Originator .................................................... 71 
Outstanding Principal Balance ............... 221 
Pass Through Series ......................... 22, 221 
Paying Agents .......................................... 221 
Payment Business Day ........................... 221 
Payments Report ..................................... 179 
Payments Report Date .................... 181, 221 
Perpetual Case........................................... 77 
Person ....................................................... 222 
Place of Payment ..................................... 222 
Post- Breach of Amortisation Test 
Priority of Payments .................................. 44 
Post-Acceleration Report ........................ 179 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments........................... 46, 222 
Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments........................... 42, 222 
Potential Commingling Amount ............. 157 
Potential Set-off Amounts ....................... 158 
Preceding Business Day 
Convention ................................................ 208 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment..................................... 33 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments................................. 222 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments .......... 35, 222 
Price Adjustment Advance ............... 51, 173 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................ 8 
Primary Paying Agent ........................ 15, 222 
Principal Available Funds ................. 39, 222 
Principal Financial Centre ....................... 223 
Priorities of Payments ............................... 46 
Priority of Payments................................. 223 
Privacy Law ............................................... 170 
Programme ........................................... 1, 204 
Programme Agreement ........... 187, 205, 303 
Programme Limit ................................ 16, 223 
Programme Resolution ................... 223, 254 
Programme Termination Date ................ 169 
Prospectus Regulation ........................ 1, 280 
Proxy .......................................................... 254 
Public Securities ......................... 26, 167, 223 
Put Option ................................................. 223 
Put Option Notice ............................. 172, 223 
Put Option Receipt ................................... 223 
PwC .............................................................. 95 
Quota Capital Account .................... 162, 224 
Quotaholders ............................................ 143 
Quotaholders’ Agreement ............... 187, 224 
Rate of Interest ......................................... 224 
Rating Agency ........................ 3, 15, 224, 255 
Rating Event ....................................... 38, 230

--- Page 318 ---
318 
Milan 4226583.8 
Receivables .............................................. 224 
Redemption Amount ................................ 224 
Redemption/Payment Basis ................... 224 
Reference Banks ..................................... 224 
Reference Price ....................................... 224 
Reference Rate ........................................ 224 
Register ..................................................... 255 
Registered CB Conditions .................. 2, 290 
Registered CB Rules Agreement .... 18, 290 
Registered Covered Bondholders ........... 18 
Registered Covered Bonds .......... 2, 15, 290 
Registered Paying Agent .......... 15, 224, 290 
Registered Paying Agent ........................ 255 
Registrar ................................ 15, 81, 224, 290 
Registrar .................................................... 255 
Regular Date..................................... 224, 225 
Regular Period ......................................... 224 
Relevant Clearing System ...................... 225 
Relevant Clearing Systems ........................ 2 
Relevant Date ........................................... 225 
Relevant Dealer ....................................... 303 
Relevant Dealer(s) ................................... 225 
Relevant Dealers ..................................... 188 
Relevant Financial Centre ...................... 225 
Relevant Screen Page ............................ 225 
Relevant Time .......................................... 225 
Relibi Law .................................................. 300 
Renegotiated Loan .................................. 156 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders ................................ 15, 205, 225 
Required Redemption Amount .............. 225 
Required Redemption Amount ........ 43, 184 
Required Reserve Amount ............... 38, 225 
Reset Date ................................................ 234 
Resolutions ............................................... 255 
Responsible Persons .................................. 5 
Restated Banking Directive .................... 193 
Revolving Assignment ............................... 46 
RP ............................................................... 244 
Rules .......................................................... 253 
Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders .............................. 206 
Sale Date ............................................. 56, 226 
Sale Date After the Service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice ....... 226 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date . 177, 226 
Scheduled Interest ........................... 177, 226 
Scheduled Payment Date ............... 177, 226 
Scheduled Principal ......................... 177, 226 
Screen Rate Determination .................... 227 
Second Moody’s Rating Trigger ............ 158 
Secured Creditors ............................ 178, 227 
Securities Act ........................................ 7, 303 
Security ...................................................... 273 
Selected Assets ........................................ 227 
Selected Assets After the Service 
of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice ......................................................... 227 
Sellers .................................................. 12, 227 
Sellers’ Claims ............................................ 34 
Series ........................................... 16, 204, 227 
Series of Covered Bonds ........................ 227 
Series Reserved Matter .......................... 259 
Servicer ........................................ 12, 170, 227 
Servicer Report ........................................ 227 
Servicer Termination Event .................... 171 
Servicing Agreement ....................... 170, 227 
Single Supervisory Mechanism ............... 59 
Specific Criteria .......................................... 48 
Specified Currency............................. 16, 227 
Specified Denomination(s) ..................... 227 
Specified Office ........................................ 227 
Specified Period ....................................... 227 
SSM.............................................................. 59 
SSM Framework Regulation .................... 60 
SSM Regulation ......................................... 59 
Stabilising Manager(s)................................. 7

--- Page 319 ---
319 
Milan 4226583.8 
Subordinated Loan ............................ 51, 173 
Subordinated Loan Agreement .............. 228 
Subordinated Loan Agreements .............. 52 
Subordinated Loan Agreements .............. 12 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ............ 174 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ............ 228 
Subordinated Loan Interest .................... 173 
Subordinated Loan Provider ............ 12, 228 
Subscription Agreement ................. 205, 303 
Subsequent Paying Agent ................ 15, 228 
Subsequent Portfolio ......................... 46, 167 
Subsequent Portfolios ............................. 228 
Subsidiary ................................................. 228 
sub-unit .............................................. 232, 234 
successor .................................................. 256 
Successor Servicer ............................ 13, 171 
Suspension Period........................... 177, 248 
Swap Agreements ............................. 14, 228 
Swap Counterparties ......................... 14, 228 
Swap Counterparty .................................. 228 
Swap Curve .............................................. 154 
Swap Rate................................................. 255 
Swap Trigger ...................................... 38, 228 
T1 ............................................................... 193 
TARGET Settlement Day ....................... 228 
TARGET System ..................................... 228 
Test Performance Report ......... 55, 183, 228 
Tests .................................................. 155, 228 
Tranche ................................................ 16, 204 
Transaction Documents .......................... 228 
Transaction Party ............................. 255, 256 
Transfer Date ............................................ 158 
U.S. Dollar ..................................................... 7 
U.S.$ .............................................................. 7 
UK Sterling .................................................... 7 
US-Italy IGA .............................................. 299 
Usury Law ................................................... 72 
Usury Law Decree ..................................... 72 
Usury Rates ................................................ 72 
Valuation Date .......................................... 167 
Valuation Date ............................................ 40 
Voter ........................................................... 255 
Voting Certificate ...................................... 255 
Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement ................................................. 229 
Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreements ................................. 48, 172, 229 
Written Resolution .................................... 255 
y .................................................................. 244 
Yen ................................................................. 7 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond .................. 229 
Zero Coupon Provisions ......................... 229

--- Page 320 ---
320 
Milan 4226583.8 
ISSUER, SERVICER, INITIAL SELLER, PRIMARY PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ARRANGER 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
INITIAL DEALER 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS, BACK-UP SERVICER FACILITATOR AND 
GUARANTOR CALCULATION AGENT 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ENGLISH ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH MANAGER 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
ITALIAN ACCOUNT BANK AND SUBSEQUENT PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., Milan Branch 
Via dei Mercanti, 12 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque International à Luxembourg SA

--- Page 321 ---
321 
Milan 4226583.8 
69, route d’Esch Office PLM – 101 F 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer, Arranger and Initial Dealer 
As to Italian law and English law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and Guarantor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy