--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
BRED BANQUE POPULAIRE 
Euro 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), BRED Banque Populaire (the “Issuer” or “BRED”), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes under the Programme (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 2,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year as of the date set out hereunder. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme will constitute senior preferred Notes of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to (i) Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, (ii) the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State and/or (iii) any other stock exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended (a “Regulated Market”). 
Notes which are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
will be €100,000 and, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date, or such higher amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will 
at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of 
Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Method of Issue”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, either in fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which case they 
will be inscribed with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be 
inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached 
(a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised 
Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S beneficial ownership as more fully 
described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered 
outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated A (stable)/A1 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Aa3/P-1 by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and A+/F1 by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The credit ratings included 
or referred to in this Base Prospectus or in any Final Terms have been issued by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), and included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.bred.fr), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
as described in “General Information – Availability of Documents” and in the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer 
BRED Banque Populaire 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 January 2022

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) should be read and construed in conjunction with any 
documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each of which shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, and 
comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole (the “BRED Group”) and the Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights 
attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger (each as defined in “General Information”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer or the BRED Group (each as defined in “General Information”) since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the BRED Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with 
its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, 
guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the 
clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
No investor should purchase Notes unless the investor understands and is able to bear the risk that certain Notes 
will not be readily sellable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that such fluctuations will be 
significant. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and include Materialised Notes in 
bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”)). The Notes are being 
offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Notes are not 
intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA  has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment

--- Page 4 ---
4 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), if so specified before an offer of Notes, the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe 
for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other information 
incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase 
the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the BRED Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................35 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................38 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDTIONS OF STRUCTURED NOTES ..................................................131 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 ................................................................................................................................................................164 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................165 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................166 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .........................................................................................................................171 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................173 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................180 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................207 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................214

--- Page 6 ---
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and in the relevant Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
Issuer: 
BRED Banque Populaire 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme. 
Risk Factors:  
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be 
assessed prior to making any investment decision. 
For any information on the risks relating to the Issuer, BRED Group 
and the Notes, investors and/or Noteholders should refer to section 
“Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger: 
BRED Banque Populaire. 
Dealers: 
BRED Banque Populaire and any additional permanent dealer 
appointed in respect of the Programme in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement (and whose appointment has not been terminated). 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent:  
BRED Banque Populaire or, in the case of the Calculation Agent, such 
other party appointed in the relevant Final Terms in connection with a 
Series of Notes. 
Distribution: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
issue dates (each an “Issue Date”) and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the Issue 
Date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms to this Base Prospectus 
(the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
(“Materialised 
Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Materialised Notes 
and Materialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Dematerialised 
Notes. Materialised Notes may be issued only outside France.  
Settlement: 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as 
central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
(“Clearstream”), 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) or any other clearing system that may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to Materialised Notes.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, 
Swiss franc, Sterling, Renminbi and in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination: 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market will be €100,000 (or if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency 
at the issue date) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination 
only. 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of 
less than one year from their date of issue will constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Maturity:  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the maturity date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Maturity Date”). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Resettable Notes: 
Resettable Notes will initially bear a fixed rate of interest payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and will then be resettable on each specified reset date(s) and 
bear for each corresponding Reset Period an interest rate 
corresponding to the sum of a mid swap rate and a margin, specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under the 2013 Fédération 
Bancaire Française Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments; 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or 
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS, SARON, SOFR, 
SONIA or TONA (or such other benchmark as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or any successor rate or any 
alternative rate), in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by 
reference to an inflation index ratio (in each case, the “Inflation Index 
Ratio”) derived from: 
-the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut 
National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”) (the 
“CPI”) or the relevant successor index (the “CPI Linked Notes”); 
-the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) or the 
relevant successor index (the “HICP Linked Notes”); 
-the United States non-seasonally adjusted consumer price index for 
all urban consumers as reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (“BLS”) and presently 
published on Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or the relevant successor 
index (the “US CPI Linked Notes”); 
-the UK Retail Price Index (all items) (the “U.K. RPI”) published by 
the Office of National Statistics (the “ONS”) or the relevant successor 
index (the “U.K. RPI Linked Notes”); or

--- Page 9 ---
9 
-the U.K. Consumer Prices Index (for all items) (the “U.K. CPI”) 
published by the ONS (January 2015 = 100) or the relevant successor 
index (the “U.K. CPI Linked Notes”).  
Maximum/Minimum Rates of 
Interest, Instalment Amounts 
and Redemption Amounts: 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event 
shall the rate of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
applicable margin) be less than zero. 
Structured Notes: 
Structured Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest and/or 
principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to a 
Delta One Strategy Formula or a Phoenix Formula. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to determine 
a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread).  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Redemption and Purchase: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(i) if a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
or (ii) in the case of a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or 
Illegality. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the holders if a Put Option 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Reverse 
Convertible, the Redemption Amount may be less than par if the 
underlying level at maturity is less than a given Activation Threshold. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
The Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and 
retention in relation to the Notes, to the extent permitted by law. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such a withholding or 
deduction is required, the Issuer will have to gross-up its payments of

--- Page 10 ---
10 
interest to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to 
certain exceptions. All payments of interest by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. There will be no grossing 
up provision and, accordingly, no early redemption whatsoever in case 
of any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. 
Negative Pledge: 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Absence of Events of Default: 
There are no events of default under the Notes which would lead to an 
acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. However, if any 
judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other 
reason, then the Notes would become immediately due and payable. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be senior preferred notes issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.613-30-3–I-3° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. 
Principal and interest on the Notes and, where applicable, any related 
receipts and coupons, constitute direct, unconditional, senior 
(chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank at all times (i) pari passu among themselves and with other 
Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer, (ii) senior to Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking 
junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to all 
present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other 
reason, the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Notes 
(i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise 
ranking in priority to Senior Preferred Obligations and (ii) subject to 
such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and other present and future claims otherwise ranking 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations.  
Statutory 
Write-Down 
or 
Conversion: 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as more fully 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Rating: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated A (stable)/A1 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Aa3/P-1 by 
Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and A+/F1 by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). 
S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, which are established in the European Union 
are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings 
agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), and included in the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s website. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated 
differently from the current ratings of the Issuer in certain 
circumstances. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
Application may be made to list and admit the Notes to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market in a member 
state of EEA. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the 
Talons and any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
various jurisdictions, in particular, those of the European Economic 
Area (PRIIPs Regulation), the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Italy, Belgium, Japan, Hong Kong, People’s Republic of China and 
Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions/TEFRA: 
Regulation S, Category 2. The Final Terms will specify whether 
TEFRA rules are applicable and in this case, whether TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D is applicable.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Notes for other reasons. Prospective investors should also read all the information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein) and reach their own views in light of their financial circumstances and investment objectives prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined under the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” section shall have the same 
meanings in this section. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
Default and counterparty risk 
BRED Group is exposed to credit and counterparty risks likely to have a material adverse effect on the 
BRED Group’s activity, financial position and income. 
In the context of its activities BRED Group is exposed to the credit risk, which is the risk incurred in the event 
of default by an obligor or a counterparty, or several obligors or several counterparties considered as the same 
group of customers linked together pursuant to regulations, including the risk of loss in value of the securities 
issued by the defaulting counterparty, if the guaranties received do not fully cover a defaulted exposure. BRED 
Group is also exposed to the risk of the counterparty to a transaction defaulting prior to definitive settlement of 
all cash flows associated with the transaction. 
The breakdown of gross exposures of BRED Group by category (credit risks, including counterparty risks) is 
as follows: 
Credit risk – Exposures 
 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2019 
In millions of euros 
Standard 
IRB 
SEC ERBA 
Total 
Total 
National governments 
589.8 
14,522.5 
- 
 15,112.3 
16,773.7 
Regional or local governments 
229.0 
- 
- 
 229.0 
229.6 
Public sector entities 
772.0 
- 
- 
 772.0 
404.9 
Institutions 
10,943.8 
3,188.9 
- 
 14,132.7 
9,710.6 
Non-Financial 
3,863.9 
12,132.0 
- 
 15,995.9 
14,294.0 
Retail customers 
415.0 
19,327.0 
- 
 19,741.9 
17,227.3 
MBS exposures 
1,522.1 
- 
- 
 1,522.1 
837.7 
High-risk exposures 
470.2 
- 
- 
 470.2 
436.7 
Exposures in default 
298.6 
- 
- 
 298.6 
286.9 
Investments made in the form of units 
or shares of undertakings for collective 
45.6 
- 
- 
45.6 
47.0 
investment (UCIs)

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Shares 
- 
1,486.7 
- 
1,486.7 
1,457.7 
Securitisation 
- 
- 
1,623.7 
1,623.7 
1,413.1 
Other assets 
- 
1,910.4 
- 
1,910.4 
2,587.0 
Total 
19,149.9 
52,567.5 
1,623.7 
73,341.1 
65,705.9 
 
As shown above, BRED Group is particularly exposed to the credit risk of the French and US national 
governments, of large continental corporates and on the retail customers of its various entities1. 
BRED Group could therefore suffer losses in the event of a default by one or more counterparties, particularly 
if it encounters legal or other difficulties in taking possession of its collateral or if the value of the collateral 
does not fully cover the exposure in the event of default. Despite the due diligence carried out by BRED Group 
aimed at limiting the concentration of their credit portfolio, it is possible that counterparty defaults may be 
amplified within the same economic sector or region of the world due to the interdependence of these 
counterparties. Thus, the default of one or more major counterparties of BRED Group, could have a material 
adverse effect on the BRED Group’s cost of risk, income and financial position. 
A substantial increase in impairments or provisions for expected credit losses recognized for BRED 
Group’s loan and receivables portfolio could have a material adverse effect on its income and financial 
position. 
Within the context of its lending activities, BRED Group regularly records provisions for asset impairment in 
order to reflect as needed any real or potential losses in its lending and receivables portfolios. Such provisions 
are recognized in its income statements under “Cost of risk on performing loans”. As of 31 December 2020, 
the Cost of risk on performing loans amounted to -€79.7 million. The overall levels of BRED Group’s asset 
impairment provisions are based on the valuation by them of historic losses on loans, the volumes and types of 
loans granted, the standards within the sector, loans in arrears, the economic environment and other factors 
associated with the recovery rate for the various types of loans. 
Although the BRED Group’s entities aim to record sufficient provisions for asset impairment, their lending 
activities may lead them to increase these provisions for losses on loans in the event of an increase in non-
performing assets or for other reasons, such as a deterioration in market conditions or factors affecting certain 
countries. Any significant increase in provisions for losses on loans or a significant change in BRED Group’s 
risk of loss estimates for its unimpaired loan portfolio, or any losses on loans in excess of the provisions 
recorded for the loans in question, may have an unfavorable impact on BRED Group’s income and financial 
position.  
2. 
Liquidity and other structural balance sheet risks  
Liquidity risk 
BRED Group is dependent on its access to financing and other sources of liquidity. This access may be limited 
for reasons beyond its control, which could have a significant adverse effect on its results. Moreover, prolonged 
market downturns may reduce market liquidity, undermining the ability of BRED Group to sell certain assets 
and, consequently, give rise to losses. 
In particular, the regulatory 30-day liquidity coverage ratio (the “LCR”) measures the ratio between the 
liquidity buffer (High-Quality Liquid Assets or HQLA) and the expected net cash outflows over a period of 30 
days. Since 1 January 2018, the minimum requirement has been set at 100%. BRED Group’s LCR averaged 
                                                          
1  Based on using both the “standard” approach (based on external credit ratings and specific risk weightings according to Basel exposure classes) 
and the “Internal Ratings Based” (IRB) approach (based on the financial institution’s internal ratings system).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
116% for the year 2020. If BRED Group was unable to meet the minimum requirement of LCR in the future, 
this may significantly negatively impact its business operations and financial position. 
BRED Group’s customer loan/deposit ratio increased to 108.0% as of 31 December 2020 versus 91.4% as of 
31 December 2019 due to the momentum of the commercial activity and the granting of government-backed 
loans. Should this trend continue, this could significantly alter the liquidity characteristics of BRED Group’s 
balance sheet.  
Groupe BPCE’s credit spread risk  
BRED Banque Populaire is an associate of BPCE, which is a central body within the meaning of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. Therefore BRED Group’s market access is exposed to certain risks 
which are applicable to Groupe BPCE in its entirety.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BPCE’s long term senior preferred debt ratings are A1 with a stable 
outlook by Moody’s France S.A.S., A with a stable outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and A+ 
with a negative outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. A downward change in one or several credit ratings 
of BPCE could have a negative impact on refinancing costs, profitability and continuation of BPCE’s activities. 
Credit ratings have a major impact on the liquidity of BPCE and, in turn, that of its affiliated parent companies 
and subsidiaries, including BRED Group, which operate in the financial markets. Lower ratings could affect 
the liquidity and competitive position of Groupe BPCE, increase its financing costs, restrict its access to capital 
markets and trigger clauses in certain bilateral contracts covering trading, derivatives and collateralised 
refinancing transactions, which then could have a negative impact on the BRED Group’s income and financial 
position. 
Interest rate risk 
The overall interest rate risk is the risk incurred in the event of a variation in interest rates on all on-balance- 
sheet and off-balance-sheet transactions, excluding any transactions subject to market risk (in accordance with 
the provisions of the Decree of 3 November 2014 on internal control of companies in the banking, payment 
services and investment services sector subject to supervision by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution (ACPR)). Significant variations in interest rates may negatively impact BRED Group’s net banking 
income and profitability. The amount of net interest income received by BRED Group over a given period has 
a significant influence on net banking income and profitability over the said period. As of 31 December 2020, 
the “Net interest margin and similar” represented €810.3 million out of the total “Net banking income” of 
€1,283.1 million. Furthermore, significant changes in credit spreads may also affect BRED Group’s income. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to various factors that may be outside the control of BRED Group. Over the 
past decade, interest rates have generally been low, but they could rise and BRED Group may not be able to 
immediately pass on this change. Changes in market interest rates may affect interest rates on interest-bearing 
assets differently from interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Any unfavourable trends in the yield 
curve may trigger a decline in net interest income from lending and associated refinancing activities. 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk that affects the holder’s assets and securities denominated in market-traded 
currencies other than the national currency when there are variations in currency exchange rates. BRED Group 
owns several subsidiaries out of the eurozone. These entities carry out an important share of their (whether 
lending, deposit taking or reinvesting) activities in currencies other than the euro (as is mainly the case of the 
Swiss, Djibouti and Asian-Pacific subsidiaries). BRED Banque Populaire itself reinvests part of its US dollars 
customer deposits in US treasuries. As of 31 December 2020, the risk weighted assets (RWA) of BRED Group 
for the foreign exchange risk amounted to €334 million. These positions may not be fully hedged and therefore 
unhedged changes in the exchange rates are subject to foreign exchange risk. Any unfavourable change in

--- Page 15 ---
15 
exchange rates will affect the value of unhedged investments and therefore may affect the net banking income 
and results of operations of the BRED Group entities. 
3. 
Non-financial risks 
Non-compliance risk 
In the event of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, BRED Group may be exposed to 
significant fines and other administrative and criminal penalties likely to have a material adverse impact 
on its financial position, business and reputation. 
The banking and insurance sectors, in which the Issuer (which is the main co-op bank of BPCE group, the 
second-largest retail banking network in France2) operates, are subject to strict regulatory supervision, both in 
France and abroad. In recent years, there has been a material increase in the volume of new regulations that 
have introduced significant changes affecting both the financial markets and the relationship between 
investment service providers and customers or investors (such as MIFID II, PRIIPS, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, the fifth Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Directive, and GDPR). These new 
regulations have a major impact on the Issuer’s operations. 
The manifestation of the risk of non-compliance could result in, for example, the use of inadequate means to 
promote and market the Issuer’s products and services, inadequate management of potential conflicts of interest, 
disclosure of confidential or inside information, non-compliance with the due diligence procedures for entering 
into a relationship with suppliers and customers, particularly in terms of financial security (notably anti-money 
laundering and the counter financing of terrorism, compliance with embargoes, and combating fraud or 
corruption). 
BRED Group has a system for preventing and controlling non-compliance risks. Despite this system, it remains 
exposed to the risk of fines or other significant penalties by regulatory and supervisory authorities, as well as 
to civil or criminal legal proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on its financial situation, 
business and reputation. 
Security and information system risks 
Any interruption or failure of BRED Group’s or third parties’ IT systems may result in losses, 
particularly commercial losses, and could have a significant adverse impact on BRED Group’s income. 
As is the case for most of its competitors, BRED Group is highly dependent on communication and information 
systems, as many increasingly complex transactions are processed in the course of its activities. Any failure, 
interruption or malfunction in these systems may cause errors or interruptions in the systems used to manage 
customer accounts, general accounts, deposits, transactions and/or to process loans. 
For example, if BRED Group’s information systems were to malfunction, even for a short period, it would be 
unable to meet its customers’ needs in time and could thus lose transaction opportunities. A temporary failure 
in BRED Group’s information systems, despite back-up systems and contingency plans, could also generate 
substantial information recovery and verification costs, or even a shortfall in its proprietary activities if, for 
example, such a failure were to occur during the implementation of hedging transactions. The inability of BRED 
Group’s systems to adapt to an increasing number of transactions may also limit its ability to develop its 
activities and/or harm its reputation. 
                                                          
2  Retail market share: 22.2% in household savings and 26.1% in mortgage loans to households (Banque de France Q3-2020). Overall penetration 
rate of 29.6% (rank 2) among retail customers (SOFIA Kantar study, March 2020). For SMEs: 53% (rank 1) total penetration rate (Kantar-
TNS 2019 survey). For professionals: 39.9% (rank 2) penetration rate among professionals and individual entrepreneurs (Pépites CSA 2019-
2020 survey).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
BRED Group is also exposed to the risk of disruption or operational failure of one of its clearing agents, foreign 
exchange markets, clearing houses, custodians or other financial intermediaries or external service providers 
that it uses to carry out or simplify its securities transactions. As interconnectivity with its customers continues 
to grow, BRED Group may also become increasingly exposed to the risk of the operational malfunction of its 
customers’ information systems. BRED Group’s communication and information systems and those of its 
customers, service providers and counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions resulting 
from the actions of cybercriminals or cyberterrorists and, where such malfunctions or interruptions occur, they 
may not be resolved in an adequate manner. 
Performance, delivery and process management risks 
The internal control system of BRED Banque Populaire and its subsidiaries is governed by the Decree of 
3 November 2014 on internal control of companies in the banking, payment services and investment services 
sector subject to supervision by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR), the provisions of 
the French Code monétaire et financier, including in particular regulations governing the prevention of money 
laundering and the financing of terrorism, and the provisions laid down by the AMF. Permanent and periodic 
control of BRED Group are integrated into Groupe BPCE’s control functions. The system is defined and 
described in procedures, policies and charters covering each of the control functions and the Head of Risk, 
Compliance and Permanent Control is in charge of monitoring compliance and risk management. Any failure 
or inadequacies of such BRED Group’s policies, procedures and risk management or hedging strategies may 
expose it to unidentified or unexpected risks which may trigger material losses. BRED Group’s risk 
management and hedging policies, strategies and procedures may not be effective enough to limit its exposure 
to all types of market environments or all kinds of risks or may not even apply for risks that BRED Group was 
unable to identify or anticipate.  
The actual values posted may differ from the accounting estimates used to prepare BRED Group’s financial 
statements, which could expose it to unexpected losses. 
In accordance with IFRS standards and interpretations currently in force, BRED Group must use certain 
estimates when preparing its financial statements, i.e. accounting estimates to determine provisions for non-
performing loans and receivables, provisions relating to potential disputes, and the fair value of certain assets 
and liabilities, etc. For the financial year ended 31 December 2020 in particular, the estimates used by BRED 
Group are described in Note 2.3 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the period 
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020, included in the 2020 Annual Report and incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. If the values used for these estimates by BRED Group prove to be materially inaccurate, 
particularly in the event of significant and/or unexpected market trends, or if the methods for determining them 
are modified under future IFRS standards or interpretations, BRED Group may be exposed, where applicable, 
to unexpected losses. 
4. 
Strategic, business and ecosystem risk 
Pandemic risks 
The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its economic consequences could negatively affect 
BRED Group’s business, income and financial position. 
The emergence of COVID-19 at the end of 2019 and the rapid spread of the pandemic throughout the whole 
world led to a deterioration in the economic situation in many business sectors, financial damage to economic 
players and a heavy disruption of the financial markets, while the countries affected were also incited to take 
health measures to respond to the pandemic (closing of borders, lockdown measures, restrictions on certain 
economic activities, etc.). In particular, the severe recession suffered by affected countries and the reduction in 
global trade have had and will continue to have a negative impact on the global economic climate for as long

--- Page 17 ---
17 
as global production, investment, supply chains and consumer spending are affected, thereby impacting the 
BRED Group’s business and its customers and counterparties. 
The resurgence of the virus in the autumn of 2020 led to further restrictions (another lockdown in France and 
in several European countries) and, despite a rebound during the summer, the economic environment could 
continue to deteriorate. A virus that remains active could lead to the extension or repetition of restrictive 
measures for several months, thereby negatively affecting BRED Group’s business, financial performance and 
income. 
In response, massive fiscal and monetary policy measures to support business were set up by the French 
government (government-backed loans for businesses, professionals and individuals, short-time work measures 
as well as other tax, social and bill payment measures) and by the European Central Bank (more abundant and 
less expensive access to substantial refinancing budgets). In this context, BRED Group and Groupe BPCE 
actively participated in the French government-backed loan programme and have taken special measures to 
provide financial support to their customers and help them overcome the effects of this crisis on their businesses 
and revenues (for example, the automatic postponement of six-month loan maturities for certain professionals 
and VSEs/SMEs). However, such measures may be insufficient to offset the negative effects of the pandemic 
on the economy or stabilize the financial markets fully and sustainably. 
This should lead to a significant increase in BRED Group’s and Groupe BPCE’s cost of risk and the amount of 
provisions for credit risk, which may in turn have a negative impact on the financial position of BRED Group. 
However, the impact in 2020 was mitigated by government support measures for businesses and individuals. 
As a matter of reference, the total consolidated cost of risk of BRED Group amounted to -€161.6 million for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and to -€54 million for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021. 
More generally, this epidemic poses a risk to BRED Group, to the extent that, at its own level and at the level 
of Groupe BPCE, (i) it causes organizational changes (such as remote work) that may lead to operational risk; 
(ii) it slows money market exchanges and could have an impact on liquidity provisions; (iii) it increases the 
liquidity needs of customers and thus the amounts loaned to these customers in order to enable them to withstand 
the crisis; (iv) it could lead to an increase in corporate defaults, particularly among the most vulnerable 
companies or in the most exposed sectors; and (v) it causes sharp movements in the valuations of market assets, 
which could have an impact on the capital markets activities or on institutional investments. 
The progression of the COVID-19 situation (uncertainty as to the duration, scale and future trajectory of the 
pandemic, the implementation of new lockdown measures or restrictions in the event of additional epidemic 
waves) is a significant cause of uncertainty and makes it difficult to predict the overall impact on the Group´s 
main markets and more generally on the global economy. At the date of this Base Prospectus, taking into account 
the support measures mentioned above, the impact of this situation on BRED Group’s business lines, its results 
(NBI and cost of risk in particular) and its financial position (liquidity and solvency) remains difficult to 
quantify. 
Macroeconomic risk 
BRED Group may be vulnerable to political, macroeconomic and financial environments or to specific 
circumstances in the countries and regions in which it operates. The great majority of the BRED Group’s 
exposure is in France (including a strong activity in its overseas territories) and in its retail subsidiaries of the 
Asian-Pacific zone. The International Bank and COM (Banque à l’International et COM) business division, 
which comprises the international subsidiaries and international trade financing activities and the corresponding 
bank activities, represented 13.9% of the consolidated net banking revenues (excluding exceptional items) of 
BRED Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. A significant change in the political or 
macroeconomic environment of these countries or regions could result in additional expenses or reduce the 
profits generated by BRED Group.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
BRED Group’s ability to execute transactions may also be affected by a deterioration in the financial solidity 
of other financial institutions and market players in the countries and regions in which it operates. Financial 
institutions are closely interconnected as a result, notably, of their trading, clearing, counterparty and financing 
operations. A default by a sector player, or even mere rumours or concerns regarding one or more financial 
institutions or the financial industry in general, may lead to a general contraction in market liquidity and may 
lead to losses or further defaults in the future, which could in turn adversely affect the BRED Group.  
For instance, a serious economic disruption such as the 2008 financial crisis, the sovereign debt crisis in Europe 
in 2011 or the development of a real epidemic such as coronavirus (of which the scale and the final duration 
remain unknown) could have a significant negative impact on all BRED Group’s activities, particularly if the 
disruption is characterized by a lack of market liquidity making financing difficult for BRED Group. Some 
risks do not fall under the spontaneous cycle due to their external nature, including the consequences of Brexit, 
the deterioration in the quality of corporate debt worldwide (i.e. the leveraged loan market) and the threat of an 
even worse spread of the epidemic, all in the very short term, or even the climate issue in the longer term. 
During the last two financial crises of 2008 and 2011, the financial markets were subject to high volatility in 
response to various events, including, inter alia, the drop in oil and commodity prices, the slowdown and 
turbulence on the economic and financial markets, which directly or indirectly impacted several BRED Group 
activities, and particularly securities transactions and financial services. 
Climate risks 
Physical and transition climate risks and their consequences on economic players could negatively affect BRED 
Group’s business, income and financial position. Since June 2018, BRED’s general credit risk policy has 
incorporated the consideration of extra-financial analysis criteria in the credit decision process. In 2020, 66.4% 
of loan applications in excess of €1 million submitted to the Issuer’s Credit Committee were subject to an 
analysis of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks. In June 2020, the Issuer appointed a Climate 
Risk Correspondent within its Risk Department, as part of the creation by BPCE of the Climate Correspondents 
function, in accordance with the ACPR’s recommendation in its report entitled “Governance and management 
of climate-related risks by French banking institutions: some good practices” of May 2020.  
Physical climate risk results in an increase in economic costs and financial losses due to the severity and 
frequency of extreme weather events related to climate change (such as heat waves, landslides, floods, fires and 
storms) as well as long-term climate changes (such as changes in precipitation, extreme weather variability, and 
the rise in sea levels and average temperatures). It may have an impact of considerable scope and magnitude 
likely to affect a wide variety of geographical areas and economic sectors in which Groupe BPCE and BRED 
Group are involved and in addition may affect the business continuity of BRED Group. 
Transition climate risk is linked to the process of adjusting to a low-carbon economy. The process of reducing 
emissions is likely to have a significant impact on all sectors of the economy by affecting the value of financial 
assets and corporate profitability. The increase in costs associated with this energy transition for economic 
players, both businesses and individuals, could lead to an increase in defaults and thus significantly increase 
BRED Group’s losses. 
Increased competition both in France, its largest market, and abroad may weigh on net banking income and 
profitability. 
BRED Group’s and Groupe BPCE’s main business lines operate in a highly competitive environment both in 
France and other parts of the world where its business is significant (in particular in Europe and Americas). 
Consolidation, whether in the form of mergers and acquisitions, alliances or cooperations, strengthens this 
competition. Consolidation has created a number of companies which, like BRED Group or Groupe BPCE, 
have the ability to offer a wide range of products and services, ranging from insurance, loans and deposits to 
brokerage, investment banking and asset management. BRED Group and Groupe BPCE compete with other

--- Page 19 ---
19 
entities on the basis of a number of factors, including the performance of the products and services offered, 
innovation, reputation and price. If Groupe BPCE (which is the second-largest retail banking network in 
France3 ) or BRED Group (which is the main co-op bank of Groupe BPCE) are unable to adjust to the 
competitive conditions in France or in its other major markets by offering a range of attractive and profitable 
products and services, each of them may lose market share in certain key business lines or incur losses in all or 
some of its activities, which may have an adverse impact on BRED Group’s financial position. 
Moreover, any slowdown in the global economy or the economic environment of BRED Group’s main markets 
is likely to enhance competitive pressure, in particular through greater pricing pressure and a slowdown in 
business volume for BRED Group and its competitors. New, more competitive players, which are subject to 
separate or more flexible regulations or to other requirements in terms of capital adequacy ratios, may also enter 
the market. This risk would be exacerbated if the assets held as collateral by BRED Group could not be sold, 
or if their selling price would not cover all BRED Group’s exposure to loans or derivatives in default, or in the 
event of default of a major market player such as a central counterparty, which would have an unfavorable 
impact on BRED Group’s income and financial position. These new entrants may also be able to offer more 
competitive products and services. Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible 
for non-custodian institutions to offer products and services that were traditionally banking products, and for 
financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including 
electronic securities trading. These new entrants may put downward pressure on the price of BRED Group’s 
products and services or affect the BRED Group’s market share. Technological advances may give rise to rapid 
and unforeseen change in the markets in which BRED Group operates. 
5. 
Regulatory risk 
BRED Group and Groupe BPCE are subject to heavy regulation in France and in many other countries 
in which they operate; current and future regulatory measures may have a negative impact on the activity 
and income of BRED Group. 
The business and results of BRED Group and Group BPCE entities may be materially impacted by the policies 
and actions of various regulatory authorities in France, other European Union countries, the United States, 
foreign governments and international organisations. 
Such constraints may limit the ability of BRED Group and Groupe BPCE entities to expand their businesses or 
to pursue certain activities. The nature and impact of future changes to such policies and regulatory measures 
are unpredictable and beyond the control of BRED Group. In addition, the general political environment has 
changed adversely for banks (including BRED Group) and the financial sector generally, resulting in additional 
pressures on legislative and regulatory bodies to adopt enhanced regulatory measures, although they may 
penalise credit and other financial activities, as well as the economy. Given the continuing uncertainty related 
to new legislative and regulatory measures, it is impossible to predict their impact on BRED Group, but it could 
be significantly adverse. 
Such changes may include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
The monetary, interest rate (as of 31 December 2020, the risk weighted assets (RWA) of BRED Group 
for the interest rate risk amounted to €703 million) and other policies of central banks and regulatory 
authorities; 
                                                          
3  Retail market share: 22.2% in household savings and 26.1% in mortgage loans to households (Banque de France Q3-2020). Overall penetration 
rate of 29.6% (rank 2) among retail customers (SOFIA Kantar study, March 2020). For SMEs: 53% (rank 1) total penetration rate (Kantar-
TNS 2019 survey). For professionals: 39.9% (rank 2) penetration rate among professionals and individual entrepreneurs (Pépites CSA 2019-
2020 survey).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
General changes in government or regulatory policies liable to significantly influence investor decisions, 
in particular in markets in which BRED Group and Groupe BPCE operate; 
 
A general change in regulatory requirements, including prudential rules relating to the capital adequacy 
framework; 
 
Changes in internal control rules and procedures; 
 
Changes in the competitive environment and prices; 
 
Changes in financial reporting rules; 
 
Expropriation, nationalisation, price controls, foreign exchange controls, confiscation of assets and 
changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership rights; 
 
And any adverse changes in the political, military or diplomatic environments creating social instability 
or an uncertain legal situation capable of affecting the demand for the products and services offered by 
BRED Group or Groupe BPCE. 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following categories of risk factors are identified: 
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Absence of events of default 
The terms and conditions of the Notes do not provide for any event of default. Therefore, in no event will 
Noteholders be able to accelerate the maturity of their Notes. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the 
Notes is not made when due, the Noteholders will have claims only for amounts then due and payable on their 
Notes.  
Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owed in respect of 
any payment of principal or interest will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment, which could 
be time-consuming and costly. This could result in significant delays in the payment of interest or principal and 
could have an adverse impact on the Noteholders seeking repayment. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes.  
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then the Notes would become immediately due and payable.  
Please refer to the risk factor “French Insolvency Law” for a description of the insolvency procedures under 
French law. 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer being a credit institution having its registered office in France, it may be subject to French insolvency 
law. Under French insolvency law, as amended by the newly enacted ordinance No 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021 implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the Council of 
20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on 
measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, 
and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the “Ordinance”), in the event of a safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial

--- Page 21 ---
21 
reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with a view to restructuring the Issuer’s 
indebtedness is opened in France with respect to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall be treated as Affected Parties 
to the extent their rights are impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a class of Affected Parties (as defined 
below), provided (save in respect of an accelerated safeguard procedure) that the Issuer has more than 
250 employees and a net turnover of more than Euro 20 million, or, alternatively, a net turnover of more than 
Euro 40 million (assessed on a consolidated basis) at the time of opening of the relevant procedure. Under these 
circumstances, the following provisions (including the cross-class cram down mechanism) would apply to the 
Noteholders.  
Under the Ordinance, are deemed to be Affected Parties and therefore entitled to vote on the draft plan (i) those 
creditors (including the Noteholders) whose pre-petition claims or rights are directly affected by the draft plan 
(such as the repayment terms of the Notes) (the “Affected Creditors”) and (ii) those shareholders and holders 
of security granting access to the debtor’s share capital, provided that their equity interests in the debtor, debtor’s 
bylaws or their rights are affected/amended by the draft plan (the “Equity Holders”, together with the Affected 
Creditors, the “Affected Parties”)). They will be gathered in classes of Affected Parties reflecting a sufficient 
commonality of economic interests on the basis of objective and verifiable criteria set by the court-appointed 
administrator, which must at a minimum comply with the following conditions: 
- 
unsecured creditors and secured creditors benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) over a 
debtor’s asset shall be split in different classes;  
- 
existing subordination agreements are to be complied with (to the extent they have been notified in 
due course by the Affected Parties to the court-appointed administrator);  
- 
Equity Holders form one or several distinct classes. 
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed administrator, is 
submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of the classes of Affected Parties, which cannot propose 
their own competing plan in safeguard (as opposed to judicial reorganisation proceedings). 
The contents of the draft plan remain flexible as was the case in the previous regime and may, inter alia, include 
a rescheduling, partial or total debt write-off, and/or debt-for-equity swaps. 
If the draft safeguard plan has been approved by each class of Affected Parties, the Court approves the plan 
after verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting Affected Parties are complied with, including in 
particular (i) that the Affected Parties which share a sufficient commonality of interest within the same class 
are treated equally and proportionally to their claims or rights; (ii) that where certain Affected Parties (within 
one class) have voted against the draft plan, none of these Affected Parties is in a less favourable situation (as 
a result of the plan) than it would be in judicial liquidation, in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan or in 
the context of a better alternative solution if the plan was not approved; and (iii) , as the case may be, that any 
new financing is necessary to implement the plan and does not unduly prejudice the Affected Parties’ interests. 
Once approved, the plan is binding on all parties. 
The Court can refuse to approve the plan if there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the debtor to 
avoid cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business. 
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of Affected Parties, such plan may (at the request of the 
debtor or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the debtor’s approval (or at the request of an Affected 
Party’s in judicial reorganisation proceedings only)) be imposed on the dissenting class(es) of Affected Parties 
subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions (known as the “cross-clam cramdown mechanism”) in 
addition to the afore-mentioned conditions, including in particular:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
- 
approval of the plan (i) by a majority of classes of Affected Parties comprising a class of creditors 
ranking above the unsecured creditors or, failing that, (ii) by one of the classes of Affected Parties 
entitled to vote, other than an Equity Holders class and any other class which one could reasonably 
assume, based on the enterprise value of the debtor assessed as a going concern, that it would not be 
entitled to any payment if the order of priority applicable in judicial liquidation or in the context of a 
court-ordered disposal plan were to be applied;  
- 
satisfaction in full by the same or equivalent means of the claims of the Affected Parties belonging to 
a dissenting class where a lower-ranking class is entitled to payment or to keep an interest 
(intéressement) under the draft plan (the “absolute priority rule”). By exception, at the debtor’s or 
the court-appointed administrator’s request (with the agreement of the debtor), the Court may decide 
to set aside the absolute priority rule if it is necessary to achieve the plan’s objectives and subject to 
the plan not overly prejudicing the rights and interests of the Affected Parties. 
In light of the above, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of Affected Parties may be 
overridden within the said class or by application of the cross-class cramdown mechanism. 
The risk of having the Noteholders’ claims termed out for up to 10 years by the Court would only exist if no 
class of Affected Parties is formed in safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings, or in case no plan can 
be adopted following the class-based consultation process in judicial reorganisation (only).  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the General Meetings of Noteholders set out in 
Condition 11 (Meeting and Voting Provisions) will not be applicable to the extent that they are not in compliance 
with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above, could have an adverse impact on the Noteholders seeking repayment in 
the event that the Issuer is to be subject to French insolvency proceedings and the Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Please refer to the risk factor “The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity” for 
a description of resolution measures which can be implemented under French law. 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes place no 
restrictions on the amount of securities it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon liquidation of the Issuer. The Issuer is 
generally permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of any or substantially all of its assets to another corporation or 
other entity under the terms and conditions of the Notes. If the Issuer decides to dispose of a large amount of 
its assets, Noteholders will not be entitled to declare an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes, and those 
assets will no longer be available to support the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply 
with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they 
limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries to pay interest on the cooperative shares (parts sociales) or dividends, as the case may be, 
repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer’s 
ability to service its debt obligations, including those of the Notes and this could have an adverse impact on 
these Noteholders. As a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, establishing an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the “BRRD”, as amended by Directive 
(EU) No. 2019/879 (the “BRRD II”)) provides relevant resolution authorities with common tools and powers

--- Page 23 ---
23 
to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ 
exposure to losses.  
BRED Banque Populaire is an associate of BPCE, which is a central body within the meaning of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. As part of its role as central body (organe central), BPCE acts as the central bank 
for the Affiliated Group and the network banks. The “Affiliated Group” may include any French credit 
institution in which BPCE or one or more of the Caisses d’Epargne or the Banques Populaires hold exclusive 
or joint control. The entities in the Affiliated Group include BPCE, Natixis, and the affiliates of the Groupe 
BPCE that are French credit institutions, such as the Issuer. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may commence resolution proceedings in respect of an institution such as 
Groupe BPCE, which will therefore apply to the Issuer, when it determines that: 
 
the institution is failing or likely to fail; 
 
there is no reasonable prospect that another action will prevent the failure within a reasonable time; and 
 
a resolution measure is required, and a liquidation procedure would fail, to achieve the objectives of the 
resolution: (i) to ensure the continuity of critical functions, (ii) to avoid a significant adverse effect on 
the financial system, (iii) to protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial 
support, and (iv) to protect client funds and assets, and in particular those of depositors. 
All entities affiliated with the central institution of Groupe BPCE, such as the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee 
and solidarity mechanism, the aim of which, in accordance with Articles L.511-31 and L.512-107-6 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, is to ensure the liquidity and solvency of all affiliated entities and to 
organise financial solidarity throughout the Groupe BPCE. 
This financial solidarity is rooted in legislative provisions instituting a legal solidarity system requiring the 
central institution to restore the liquidity or solvency of struggling affiliates and/or of all Groupe BPCE’s 
affiliates, by mobilising if necessary up to all cash and cash equivalents and capital available to all contributing 
affiliates. As a result of this complete legal solidarity, one or more affiliates may not find itself subject to court-
ordered liquidation, or be affected by resolution measures within the meaning of BRRD and BRRD II, without 
all affiliates also being affected. 
In the event of court-ordered liquidation thus necessarily affecting all affiliates, the external creditors of all 
affiliates would be addressed identically according to their rank and in the order of the ranking of creditors, 
irrespective of their ties with any specific entity.  
After resolution proceedings are commenced, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use one or more of several 
resolution tools with a view to recapitalizing or restoring the viability of the institution.  
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority once a resolution procedure is initiated include the 
“Bail-in Tool”, meaning the power to write down (including to zero) eligible liabilities of a credit institution or 
its group in resolution, or to convert them to equity. Eligible liabilities include subordinated debt instruments 
not qualifying as capital instruments (which include for these purposes common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 
and tier 2 instruments), senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Notes) and other liabilities that are not 
excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the BRRD, such as non-covered deposits or financial 
instruments that are not secured or used for hedging purposes. Condition 17 (Statutory Write-Down or 
Conversion) contain provisions giving effect to the bail-in powers. 
After a resolution proceeding is initiated and in addition to the Bail-in Tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority 
is provided with broad powers to implement other resolution tools with respect to failing institutions or, under 
certain circumstances, their groups. The powers of the Relevant Resolution Authorities include the total or

--- Page 24 ---
24 
partial sale of the issuing institution’s business, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the 
issuing institution as obligor in respect of the issuing institution’s debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a 
temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial 
instruments and could result in the partial or total write-down or conversion to equity (i.e., in the case of the 
Issuer, to its cooperative shares (parts sociales)) of the Notes issued by the Issuer. The Issuer’s cooperative 
shares (parts sociales) are not financial instruments within the meaning of Article 211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and are not admitted to trading on any Regulated Market or any other stock exchange. 
Moreover, any transfer of cooperative shares (parts sociales) of the Issuer is only possible after prior approval 
of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration). Therefore, the Issuer’s cooperative shares (parts sociales) 
are less liquid than certain other equity instruments, such as listed shares. In addition, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L. 512-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 34 II of the Issuer’s bylaws, 
no cooperative stakeholder can hold in the general meeting of cooperative stakeholders more than 0.25% of the 
total voting rights attached to the Issuer’s cooperative shares. Accordingly, should Noteholders become 
cooperative stakeholders following conversion to equity of their Notes, their voting power in the general 
meetings of the cooperative stakeholders will be limited. 
Alongside those resolution tools, the Relevant Resolution Authority can temporarily suspend any payment 
obligation or delivery obligation under a contract entered into by the relevant entity, so long as the payment and 
delivery obligations and the provision of collateral continue to be performed. In addition, if BRED’s financial 
condition, or that of BRED Group or Groupe BPCE, deteriorates or is perceived to deteriorate, the exercise of 
these powers could cause the market value of the Notes issued by BRED to decline more rapidly than would be 
the case in the absence of such powers. 
In accordance with the BRRD and BRRD II and pursuant to Condition 9 (Absence of Events of Default), if a 
resolution proceeding is opened in respect of Groupe BPCE, holders of the Notes will not have the right to 
declare an event of default, to accelerate the maturity of the Notes, to modify the terms of the Notes or to 
exercise other enforcement rights in respect of the Notes so long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment 
obligations. 
The taking of any action under BRRD and BRRD II in relation to the Issuer or Groupe BPCE could materially 
and adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
For further information about the BRRD and related matters, see “Governmental Supervision and Regulation 
of the Issuer in France”. 
2. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes and credit ratings 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which 
there may be no active trading market. If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a 
discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, 
general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other regulated market in the EEA, the Final Terms of the 
Notes will be filed with the AMF in France and/or with the competent authority of the regulated market of the 
EEA where the Notes will be admitted to trading, such filings may not be accepted, hence any such Tranche of 
Notes may not be so admitted and an active secondary trading market may not develop. Accordingly, a trading 
market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop or may be illiquid. As a consequence, Noteholders

--- Page 25 ---
25 
may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield. This 
could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, they could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes.  
Any decline in the credit ratings of the Issuer, the Notes or changes in rating methodologies may affect 
the market value of the Notes 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is rated A (stable)/A1 by S&P, Aa3/P-1 by Moody’s and A+/F1 
by Fitch. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings of the Issuer with respect to the Notes. 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on Notes. 
Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value of 
the Notes. 
The credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In addition, 
the credit rating agencies may change their methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Notes 
in the future. This may include the relationship between ratings assigned to an issuer’s senior securities and 
ratings assigned to securities with features similar to the Notes, sometimes called “notching”. If the rating 
agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and/or the ratings of the Notes 
were to be subsequently lowered, revised, suspended or withdrawn, this may have a significant negative impact 
on the trading price of the Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an index, market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date. 
Application may be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and/or on any 
other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The value of the Notes on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events in France, in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholders and result in losing 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
3. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the 
provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price. 
(a) Early Redemption Risks 
An early redemption of the Notes could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably 
less than anticipated 
In accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), the Final 
Terms for a particular Tranche of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
In addition, subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 6(h)(i) (Redemption of Notes 
upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event) and Condition 6(h)(ii) (Redemption of Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Gross-Up Event), the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
any time at their principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, upon or following the occurrence 
of a Withholding Tax Event or a Gross-Up Event.  
During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market 
value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any 
of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may be redeemed at times when the 
redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of such Notes or when prevailing interest rates may 
be relatively low. In such circumstances a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do 
so at a lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes in the case of a Gross-Up Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, are enforceable under French law. If any payment obligations under the Notes, 
including the obligations to pay additional amounts under Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), are held illegal 
or unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Notes. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event as defined in 
the terms and conditions of the Notes, holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due, and the 
market value and/or liquidity of such Notes will be adversely affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose part 
of their investment in the Notes. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The obligation under Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts) to pay additional amounts in the event of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of Notes applies only to payments 
of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional 
amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of 
principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under 
any Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon 
redemption, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Redemption of the Reverse Convertible Notes 
As provided in Condition 6(f) (Redemption of Reverse Convertible Notes), if the relevant Final Terms specify 
that the Notes are Reverse Convertible, the Redemption Amount may be less than par if the underlying level at 
maturity is less than a given Activation Threshold. Accordingly, if the underlying level at maturity is less than 
a given Activation Threshold, holders of such Notes may receive less than the initially anticipated amount, and 
the market value and/or liquidity of such Notes will be adversely affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
(b) Interest Rate Risks 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may change 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a 
fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk 
that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
A holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the relevant 
securities, such as the Resettable Notes, is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. 
Any future market volatility in interest rates is difficult to anticipate may have a significant adverse effect on 
the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial 
investment. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Structured Notes) allows for the 
issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared 
with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the notes provide 
for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value 
and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be 
added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change 
throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general 
market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly 
short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the 
interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate.  
Any future market volatility in interest rates is difficult to anticipate and may have a significant adverse effect 
on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Structured Notes) and 
where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks”. EURIBOR or other indices are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes 
linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”) was published in the European 
official journal on 29 June 2016 and most of provisions of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply since 1 January 
2018. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The Benchmark Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non EU based, 
to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non EU based, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be 
a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Additionally, the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
Benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that 
have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no 
contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable 
by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). 
These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, Notes issued under 
the Programme with interest rate calculated by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate(s) in the event that the 
fallback provisions in the terms and conditions of the Notes (see Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark 
discontinuation in relation to Floating Rate Notes)) are deemed unsuitable (Article 23c of the Benchmark 
Regulation, as amended by the Amending Regulation). However, there are still uncertainties about the exact 
implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. In addition, the 
Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end 
of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to further extend this transitional period until the end of 
2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Floating Rate Notes / Resettable Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
As provided in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark discontinuation in relation to Resettable Notes) for Resettable 
Notes or Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation in relation to Floating Rate Notes) for Floating

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Rate Notes, in certain situations in relation to Floating Rate Notes and/or Resettable Notes, including the 
relevant benchmark (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) ceasing to be administered, the fallback 
arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(A) the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable) determined by an Independent 
Advisor appointed by the Issuer or, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser (having used 
reasonable endeavours) or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to make such determination, 
the Issuer; and 
(B) such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the relevant 
Independent Adviser, 
in each such case, with the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
as more fully described in the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative 
rate (as applicable). In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with any other 
related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which 
are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), 
including where no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest 
for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) is used for the following Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable).  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable). 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes and 
as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes and consequently, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. The 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) 
in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences 
and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each 
Noteholder. 
SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
and, as the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value 
of the Notes 
Whether the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies the rate of interest for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR, holders of Notes should be aware that because SOFR is an 
overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be 
calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest period, or compounding 
during the relevant interest period, except during a specified period near the end of each interest payment date 
during which SOFR will be fixed. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable

--- Page 30 ---
30 
on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment 
date in accordance with Condition 5(e). Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount 
which will be payable on such Notes. 
SOFR is a new rate. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 
2014, such prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Any 
historical changes or trends in SOFR should not be used as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may 
fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-linked Notes may 
be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove 
to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those 
of notes linked to rates that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell SOFR-linked Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and 
market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. Therefore, SOFR may be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. If 
the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance 
may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-linked Notes and a reduction 
in the trading prices of such Notes which would have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part 
of their investment. 
The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates (including overnight rates such as 
€STR, SARON, SONIA or TONA) 
The rate of interest on the Notes may also be calculated on the basis of other risk free rates such as €STR, 
SARON, SONIA or TONA as set forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes). Similarly to SOFR-linked Notes, because €STR, SARON, SONIA and TONA are overnight funding 
rates, interest on €STR-, SARON-, SONIA- or TONA-linked Notes with interest periods longer than overnight 
will be calculated on the basis of €STR, SARON, SONIA or TONA as applicable, compounded during the 
relevant interest period except during a specified period near the end of each interest payment period during 
which such risk free rate will be fixed. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest 
payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on 
such Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, SARON, SONIA or TONA, as a 
reference rate in the capital markets’ transactions and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA or €STR, including term €STR and term SONIA reference rates which seek to measure 
the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a designated term.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SARON, SONIA or TONA that 
differs significantly from that set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes as applicable to such benchmark-
linked Notes referencing such reference rates. The nascent development of compounded daily €STR, 
compounded daily SARON, compounded daily SONIA as well as compounded daily TONA as an interest 
reference rate, as well as continued development of €STR-, SARON-, SONIA- and TONA-linked rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any €STR-, 
SARON-, SONIA- and TONA-linked Notes issued under the programme from time to time. 
The Calculation Agent will or could have authority to make determinations and elections that could affect 
the return on, value of and market for the Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, €STR-, SARON-, SOFR-, 
SONIA- and TONA-linked Notes 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations, decisions 
and elections with respect to the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, on €STR-, SARON-, 
SOFR-, SONIA- and TONA-linked Notes. The Calculation Agent will make any such determination, decision 
or election in its sole discretion, and any such determination, decision or election that the Calculation Agent 
makes could affect the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, on €STR-, SARON-
, SOFR-, SONIA- and TONA-linked Notes. For example, in respect of SOFR-linked Notes, if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
then the Calculation Agent may determine, among other things, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent, under the terms and conditions of the Notes, 
including, without limitation, any discretion exercised by such Calculation Agent, could present a conflict of 
interest. In making the required determinations, decisions and elections, the Calculation Agent, acting as agent 
of the Issuer, may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the affected Notes, 
and those determinations, decisions or elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of 
and market for the Notes.  
Moreover, BRED Banque Populaire is acting as Issuer, as Arranger and Dealer and as Calculation Agent under 
the Programme and may therefore be appointed as Calculation Agent for any Tranche of Notes. As a result, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise between BRED Banque Populaire as Issuer and as Calculation Agent 
for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
elections that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes that may 
influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. Any such conflict of interest could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and the return a Noteholder can expect to receive on their 
Notes, as none of BRED Banque Populaire and/or any of its agents, acting in any capacity, is required to have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders.  
Risk of loss of capital for Notes whose redemption amount is determined by reference to a calculation 
formula and/or linked to one or more underlying assets or a strategy 
As per Condition 5(c)(v) of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, an investment in Notes, the interest on or 
principal of which is determined by reference to a calculation formula and/or linked to one or more underlying 
assets or a strategy, may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a conventional debt 
security, including the risks that the resulting interest rate or redemption amount will be less than that payable 
on a conventional debt security at the same time and/or that a Noteholder may lose the value of its entire 
investment or part of it, as the case may be. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest 
rates or other indices or formulae should be taken as an indication of future performance of such currencies, 
commodities, interest rates or other indices or formulae during the term of any Note. Accordingly, an investment 
in any such Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt 
securities. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and 
Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of the investment in the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Risks related to the conversion on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), Fixed to Floating Rate Notes initially bear interest at 
a fixed rate; conversion from a fixed rate to a floating rate then takes place automatically if certain 
predetermined conditions are met. The conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is 
converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Investors should refer to the risk factors 
relating to Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes may have a lower new fixed rate 
Pursuant to Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), Floating to Fixed Rate Notes initially bear interest at 
a floating rate; conversion from a floating rate to a fixed rate then takes place either automatically or at the 
option of the Issuer. The new fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on other Notes. Investors 
should refer to the risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Structured Notes), the 
Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in a country or 
in the European Monetary Union (“Inflation Linked Notes”), where interest amounts and/or principal are 
dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, which, will be one of (i) the consumer price index 
(excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly 
by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), (ii) the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”), 
(iii) the United States non-seasonally adjusted consumer price index for all urban consumers as reported 
monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the U.S. Department of Labor (“BLS”) and published on 
Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or any successor source (“US CPI”), (iv) the U.K. Retail Price Index (all items) 
(the “U.K. RPI”) published by the Office of National Statistics (the “ONS”) or the relevant successor index or 
(v) the U.K. Consumer Prices Index (for all items) (“U.K. CPI”) published by the ONS or the relevant successor 
index (each an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the level of the relevant Inflation 
Index declines over a determination period such that the ratio of the levels of the Inflation Index on the 
determination dates at the beginning and end of such determination period is less than 1.00, where interest is 
calculated by reference to an Inflation Index, no interest will be payable for that period, or where principal is 
calculated by reference to an Inflation Index, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. 
Holders of Inflation Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may 
adversely affect the value of such Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more that on 
conventional interest-bearing securities 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of securities issued at a 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount specified in the relevant Final Terms tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared

--- Page 33 ---
33 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Notes with caps and/or floors 
Notes may be subject to a cap and a floor specified in the relevant Final Terms. If they are structured to include 
such caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even more volatile than 
those for securities that do not include those features. Any future market volatility in interest rates is difficult to 
anticipate and may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a 
substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities.  
(c) 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi (“RMB Notes”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the People’s Republic of China (the ‘‘PRC 
Government’’) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the 
U.S. dollar, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC Government of its control over routine 
foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. 
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as 
capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific 
registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in 
the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in 
foreign currencies were implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) in 2018, the PRC Government 
may cease to liberalise the control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, pilot schemes for 
Renminbi cross-border utilisation may be discontinued or new PRC regulations may be promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the RMB remittances into or outside the PRC. In the 
event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the 
RMB Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the Renminbi, the PBOC has 
established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating banks in various countries through 
settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial 
institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) and these 
Renminbi Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions.  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The 
relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to its own onshore liquidity support from the PBOC to square 
open positions of its relevant participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant Renminbi 
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign

--- Page 34 ---
34 
exchange transactions or conversion services. In each case, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC 
regulations may be promulgated in the future or the Settlement Agreements may be terminated or amended in 
the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and as a consequence have an adverse 
effect on the value of such RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore 
market to service its RMB Notes, the Issuer may be unable to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at 
all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations 
under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such 
currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table 
below included in the following documents, which have been previously published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and that have been filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
“AMF”) for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus (together, the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”): 
(a) 
the Rapport Annuel of the Issuer (in the French language) which contains the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 and the 
auditors' report thereon (the "2020 Annual Report"); and 
https://www.bred.fr/medias/pdf/la-bred/rapport-annuel-bred-2020-der-vesion.pdf  
(b) 
the Rapport Annuel of the Issuer (in the French language) which contains the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 and the 
auditors' report thereon (the "2019 Annual Report").  
https://www.bred.fr/medias/pdf/la-bred/bred-rapport-annuel-2019-fr.pdf  
Free English language translations of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus listed in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) are available, for information purposes only, on the Issuer’s website. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement contained in the Documents Incorporated by Reference shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The 
Documents Incorporated by Reference are available on the websites of the Issuer (www.bred.fr) and/or of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org). The Documents Incorporated by Reference will also be available free of charge 
to the public at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Below are tables that reference the topics from the Documents Incorporated by Reference which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Page numbers referenced in the table below correspond to 
the pages of the PDF versions of the documents incorporated by reference. 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No. 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
2020 Annual Report 
 
2019 Annual Report 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/ or 
services performed.  
Pages 45 to 59 
 
5.1.2 The basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 36 to 42

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No. 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
2020 Annual Report 
 
2019 Annual Report 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of the 
principal activities performed by them outside of that 
issuer where these are significant with respect to that 
issuer:  
(a)  members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; (b)  partners with unlimited liability, 
in the case of a limited partnership with a share capital. 
Pages 14 to 20 
 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter 
period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year. 
Pages 73 to 201 
Pages 69 to 200 
11.1.5 If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least the 
consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document. 
Pages 73 to 201 
Pages 69 to 200 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
Page 75 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical annual financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
Pages 202 to 208 
Pages 201 to 208 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory auditors or 
where they contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
Page 202 
Page 203

--- Page 37 ---
37 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to its Base Prospectus (each a “Base 
Prospectus Supplement”) pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available an appropriate Base Prospectus Supplement or a restated Base Prospectus, which 
in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a 
Regulated Market of a Member State of the European Economic Area or offer to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a Base Prospectus Supplement for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be 
constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by BRED Banque Populaire (the “Issuer” or “BRED”). An agency agreement dated 12 
January 2022 has been entered into by BRED Banque Populaire, as Issuer and as fiscal agent, principal paying 
agent, paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and calculation agent (the “Agency 
Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the principal paying agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as 
the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent and the principal 
paying agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the 
“Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the 
payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the 
principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in 
a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
In these Conditions, references to “day” or “days” are to calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning 
of Article L.213-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised 
form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of 
title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
(“Euroclear France”) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account 
Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
“Registration Agent”). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any intermediary institution 
entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, 
and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions 
are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as the Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market will be €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in each such currency at the issue date or such higher amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 
30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 16 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating 
Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided 
in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time 
(the “Treaty”) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust 
the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion 
of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so 
determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 14(b), without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14(b) (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates (each an “Issue Date”) and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(which will be supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the Issue Date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms 
to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as the Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
3 
Status 
The Notes are senior notes issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.613 30 3–I 3° of the Code. 
Principal and interest on the Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons, constitute direct, 
unconditional, senior (chirographaires) and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank at all 
times: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and future claims benefiting from 
statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and 
other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Obligations. 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Articles L.613-30-3–
I-4° and R.613-28 of the Code. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which 
fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L.613-30-3–I-3° of 
the Code. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case 
may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, 
as the case may be;  
(iv) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customary in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes;  
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer representative 
of an underlying market or that its method calculation has significantly changes; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the 
date of the relevant public statement and it being specified that with respect TONA, references to the 
supervisor of the administrator or to the administrator shall be deemed to be to the Bank of Japan. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”); and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):

--- Page 44 ---
44 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. 
If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and 
whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days 
elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period) 
(iv) 
if “Actual/Actual - ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(ii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(iii) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(i) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(ii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“FBF” means Fédération Bancaire Française; 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments, as supplemented by the Technical Schedules published by 
the FBF, as the case may be (together the “FBF Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as 
at the Issue Date; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) or 5(b)(ii)(C)(a); 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or 
the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified 
in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account 
Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in this Agreement and remain available 
for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, 
as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, (e) in the 
case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their 
status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any 
Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions; provided that, for the purposes of ascertaining the 
right to (x) attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (y) to approve any Written Resolution, 
those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the principal offices of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated;  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer; and 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes: 
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount 
will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Interest on Resettable Notes: 
(A) 
If a Note is specified in the relevant Final Terms as Resettable (“Resettable Notes”), it 
will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount at a Rate of Interest which will 
initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(1) 
For each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
(2) 
For each Interest Period falling in the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest; and 
(3) 
For each Interest Period falling in any Subsequent Reset Period therafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Period. 
(B) 
In this Condition 5(b)(ii): 
“Alternative Mid-Swap Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(b) and which is 
customary in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business 
Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
First Reset Period and the First Margin; 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency 
with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to 
the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg 
based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which

--- Page 50 ---
50 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Mid-Swap Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be; 
or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); 
(iv) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)(d). 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Mid-Swap Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Mid-Swap Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate, that the Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Mid-Swap Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Mid-
Swap Rate;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR or such other reference 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period, the mid-swap rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to such Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately the Relevant Screen Page 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period 
will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest) plus the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the 
case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided plus the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided plus the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First Reset Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, if none, the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
However, notwithstanding the above, in the case of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) below shall apply. 
“Original Mid-Swap Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any 
Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as 
applicable; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the nominal amount of a Note as specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive 
period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring 
Subsequent Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, 
the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin; and 
“Successor Mid-Swap Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates 
are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation in relation to Resettable Notes 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably

--- Page 53 ---
53 
practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(b)) and, in either case, a 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(c)) 
and any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, manifest 
error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C).  
If: 
(i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or  
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(a) prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date,  
the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the last 
Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)).  
(c) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(d) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) and 
the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of 
the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(e), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to 
give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative of the Masse (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate and, where applicable, the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the 
specific terms of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
notice, will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Mid-Swap Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Mid-Swap Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Structured Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date or 
if “SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT DELAY” is applicable on each Delayed Interest

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) or Delayed Interest Payment Date is/are either shown in the 
relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according to the provisions below relating 
to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” and 
“Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided 
that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on the 
Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 56 ---
56 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and 
“Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
either (i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if 
otherwise, the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or (ii) if otherwise, each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, 
if otherwise, the relevant inter-bank market as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market or, if 
otherwise, the relevant inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the €STR rate of interest determination method, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “€STR Rate of Interest Determination”), in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, could be either €STR Lookback 
Compound or €STR Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business 
Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified in the 
Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that TARGET 
Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of TARGET 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
day of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling 
a number of TARGET Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, 
the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in 
respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were to the ECB Recommended 
Rate.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR 
is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, 
as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though, in ease case, substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin, Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(c)(d), 
including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent's (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in

--- Page 61 ---
61 
the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial 
and reasonable manner, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(c)(d), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement Rate 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the 
€STR Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to 
the last €STR available, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate

--- Page 62 ---
62 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR 
for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
(or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), 
such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms):

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS 
relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR 
(annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page 
“ISDAFIX2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis - EUR”, as at 11.00 a.m. 
Frankfurt time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the event that the EUR CMS does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the 
applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity 
(in each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two 
TARGET2 Business Days following the relevant Interest Determination Date). The 
highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to five significant figures with halves being rounded up) of 
such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the EUR CMS is no longer published or if fewer than three 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, it will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the SARON, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the secured 
funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:  
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling a number of Zurich 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date falling a 
number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the 
Administrator of SARON on the SARON Screen Page (as defined below) 
at the Relevant Screen Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SARON Screen 
Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and 
no SARON Index Cessation Event and no SARON Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published 
on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate 
of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for such Zurich 
Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement Rate”) 
will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no SARON Replacement Rate 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON Replacement Rate for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last SARON available on 
the SARON Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
In connection with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), the following definitions apply: 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; and

--- Page 66 ---
66 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of the definition thereof, the date on which 
the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the SARON;  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in subparagraph (v) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of 
such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in such 
statement or publication as the date on which the SARON will no longer be 
representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event described either 
in clause (iv) or (vi) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to 
either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph, the 
date as of which the SARON may no longer be used; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in clauses (iv) and (vi) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the 
SARON may no longer be used;  
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
the SARON ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the SARON Administrator that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the SARON permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the SARON); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator, that 
the SARON has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator as a 
consequence of which the SARON will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes;  
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of SARON 
Administrator that the SARON, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or that its method 
calculation has significantly changed; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the SARON; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the SARON Index 
Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
SARON, the discontinuation of the SARON, or the prohibition of use of the 
SARON, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement.“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to 
any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread,

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income 
securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, 
formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of the SARON with such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with 
respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has 
replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 
2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the 
“SARON Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto;  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the 
historical median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two 
year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the 
date on which the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich 
for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(g) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in the respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lookback Compound,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
SOFR Shift Compound, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay or SOFR Index 
Average as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the 
days in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Payment Date (excluded);  
(y) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);  
(z)  
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest of each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);  
(xx) if SOFR Compound with Payment Delay is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT 
DELAY plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(yy) if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.  
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurent or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i)

--- Page 69 ---
69 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party.  
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the Benchmark Replacement will be 
SOFR determined as of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall

--- Page 70 ---
70 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period; 
“SOFRi” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the SOFR in respect of this U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFRi for the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑] 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
 “Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date that is a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date that is a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the number of

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
in respect of this U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
“SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT DELAY” means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑] 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Delayed Interest Payment Dates” shall be the dates occurring the 
number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following 
each Interest Period Date; provided that the Delayed Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, 
the Redemption Date; 
 “Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” shall be the Interest Period 
Date at the end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest 
Payment Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" up to, but

--- Page 72 ---
72 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day 
“i". 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift 
Compound, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay or SOFR Index Average 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from and including 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a compound 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the  relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
Where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (an “Index Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual 
Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR 
IndexStart to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” below, 
if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant Index Determination Date 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” 
shall be calculated, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, on 
any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in 
accordance with the “USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term 
“Observation Shift Days” shall mean two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days. 
 “Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen designated 
“SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
“Margin” means the margin (if any) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“NY Federal Reserve’s website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (the “NY Federal Reserve”), currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, 
or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” 
or any successor page or service.  
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
(1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 3:00 
p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s website on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such 
rate is reported on the Relevant Screen Page or, if such rate is not reported 
on the Relevant Screen Page, as such rate is published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s website on such immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; (2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so 
appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the NY Federal Reserve’s website; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustement, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replamcent for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 “SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such 
successor administrator’s) Website. 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms.  
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (ii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) determined by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definitions of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by 
the Issuer decide, acting in a commercially reasonable manner,  may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine is 
reasonably necessary);

--- Page 75 ---
75 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof, where applicable):  
(i) in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of such Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); or  
(ii) in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 
Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; or 
(iii) in the case of paragraph (iv) of the definition of Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of such Benchmark Transition Event; 
provided that, in the event of any public statement or publication of information as 
referenced in (i) or (ii) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such 
a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three (3) months 
after the relevant public statement or publication, the Benchmark Transition Event 
shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months prior to such specified 
date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof, if relevant): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant), announcing that either the Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) (i) is no longer representative, (ii) has been or will be prohibited 
from being used or (iii) its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes; 
or 
(iv) 
the Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for five (5) consecutive Business Days, provided that if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, then SOFR (or such component) is not published by 
its administrator (or a successor administrator) for five (5) consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate to be effective upon the occurrence of a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event according to (and as defined in) the ISDA 
Definitions, where such rate may have been adjusted for an overnight tenor, but 
without giving effect to any additional spread adjustment to be applied according 
to such ISDA Definitions; 
“ISDA Spread Adjustment” means the spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that shall have been selected by ISDA as the spread 
adjustment that would apply to the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) 
if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Bank of New York or any successor 
therero.  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD” means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
(h) 
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination”, in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SONIA Lookback Compound or SONIA Shift Compound as follow:  
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);   
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(h): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day (i+1);

--- Page 78 ---
78 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i".  
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up 
to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of London

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”.  
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (the “SONIA Screen Page”) or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five (5) days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (1) above. 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) shall, to 
the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to 
determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the 
Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending 
on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent's (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(h), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no SONIA 
Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), and the SONIA Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period will be equal to the last SONIA available on the SONIA Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(i) 
Where TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the TONA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “TONA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
TONA Lookback Compound or TONA Shift Compound as follow: 
(x) 
if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if TONA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(i): 
“TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + TONA𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the 
following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”);  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“TONAi-pTBD”, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day “i”. 
“TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day interbank JPY 
market in Tokyo) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“TONAi” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo Banking 
Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up 
to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of Tokyo 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day 
of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo 
Banking Day for which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such 
authorised distributors.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
TONA, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the 
first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on, and excluding, 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual 
Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(i): 
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Tokyo Over Night Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as 
published by the Bank of Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, 
on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation in relation to Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)), provided that this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall not apply 
when €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA is the applicable Reference Rate. 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, manifest 
error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D).  
If: 
(i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or  
(ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date,  
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse if any and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, where 
applicable, the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the specific terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), specified in such notice, will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: 
1. 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” 
is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may 
be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded 
if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-3 + 
D-1 
x (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI 
Monthly Reference IndexM-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg

--- Page 87 ---
87 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l’inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
(B) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” 
(Obligations et autres instruments de taux d’intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des 
marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l’inflation). In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above). 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) 
has already been published, such index shall automatically be 
used as the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such 
provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index would be published 
under the heading “indice de substitution”. Once the definitive 
CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most 
recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly Reference 
Index M-1 
x 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-13

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key 
= 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the 
new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the 
previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly 
Reference 
Index 
Date D 
= CPI Monthly 
Reference Index 
Date D 
X 
Key 
New 
Basis 
Previous 
Basis 
 
2. 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by 
Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” 
is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the 
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR 
will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly 
Reference IndexM-3+ 
D-1 
X (HICP Monthly Reference 
IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference Index 
M-3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
“NDM:” number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. 
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index 
may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. The first 
publication or announcement of a level of such index for a given month shall be 
final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such month will not be used 
in any calculations. 
(B) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above). 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as 
the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the 
definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it would 
automatically apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most 
recently published figure adjusted as set out in the following 
formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different 
basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated 
on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated 
on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
HICP 
Monthly 
Reference 
Index 
 
Date D 
= HICP 
Monthly 
Reference Index 
 
Date D 
X Key 
New Basis 
Previous 
Basis 
 
3. 
The United States Consumer Price Index (US CPI) 
The US CPI is the non-seasonally adjusted U.S. City Average All Items Consumer Price 
Index for All Urban Consumers, reported monthly by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the 
U.S. Labor Department (the “BLS”) and published on Bloomberg page “CPURNSA” or 
any successor source. The US CPI for a particular month is published during the following 
month. 
The US CPI is a measure of the average change in consumer prices over time for a fixed 
market basket of goods and services, including food, clothing, shelter, fuels, 
transportation, charges for doctors’ and dentists’ services and drugs. In calculating the 
index, price changes for the various items are averaged together with weights that 
represent their importance in the spending of urban households in the United States. The 
contents of the market basket of goods and services and the weights assigned to the various 
items are updated periodically by the BLS to take into account changes in consumer

--- Page 91 ---
91 
expenditure patterns. The US CPI is expressed in relative terms in relation to a time base 
reference period for which the level is set at 100.0. The base reference period for Notes 
paying interest based on the US CPI is the 1982-1984 average. 
All information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the US CPI, including, 
without limitation, its make-up and method of calculation, has been derived from publicly 
available information. The Issuer does not make any representation or warranty as to the 
accuracy or completeness of such information. 
Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will pay a rate per annum linked to the Change 
in the US CPI plus, if applicable, an additional amount of interest (referred to as the 
“spread”) or multiplied by a number (referred to as the “multiplier”), as either may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that, unless a higher Rate of Interest for 
Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
applicable Rate of Interest for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will also be 
subject to a Minimum Rate of Interest equal to 0.00% per annum. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the “Change in the US CPI” for 
a particular interval will be calculated as follows: 
CPI(t) - CPI(t-x) 
--------------------- 
CPI(t-x) 
where: 
“CPI(t)” for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar month (the 
“reference month” which shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the 
calendar month in which the applicable Determination Date falls; and 
“CPI(t-x)” for any Determination Date is the level of the US CPI for a calendar month 
prior to the applicable reference month, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If by 3:00 p.m. New York City time on any Determination Date the US CPI is not 
published on Bloomberg “CPURNSA” for any relevant month, but has otherwise been 
reported by the BLS, then the Calculation Agent will determine the US CPI as reported 
by the BLS for such month using such other source as, on its face, after consultation with 
the Issuer, appears to accurately set forth the US CPI as reported by the BLS. 
In calculating CPI(t) and CPI(t-x), the Calculation Agent will use the most recently 
available value of the US CPI determined as described above on the applicable 
Determination Date, even if such value has been adjusted from a previously reported value 
for the relevant month. However, if a value of CPI(t) or CPI(t-x) used by the Calculation 
Agent on any Determination Date to determine the interest rate on a Series of Notes is 
subsequently revised by the BLS, the interest rate for such Series of Notes determined on 
such Determination Date will not be revised. 
If the US CPI is rebased to a different year or period and the 1982-1984 US CPI is no 
longer used, the base reference period for Notes paying interest based on the US CPI will 
continue to be the 1982-1984 reference period as long as the 1982-1984 US CPI continues 
to be published by the BLS.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
If, while any Series of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI is outstanding, the US 
CPI is discontinued or is substantially altered, as determined in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the 
successor index for such Series of Notes will be that index chosen by the Secretary of the 
Treasury to replace the US CPI for the purpose of calculating payments on the Department 
of the Treasury’s Inflation-Linked Treasuries as described at 62 Federal Register 846-874 
(6 January 1997) or, if no such securities are outstanding, the successor index will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
In addition, for the purposes of Notes paying interest based on the US CPI, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
“Determination Date” shall mean two business days in New York immediately prior to 
the beginning of the applicable Interest Period, or as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(but not more than 28 days prior to the beginning of the applicable Interest Period). 
“Interest Period” shall mean, in respect of any Series of Notes paying interest based on 
the US CPI, the period beginning on and including the Issue Date of such Series of Notes 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date, and each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the 
next succeeding Interest Payment Date, or such other period as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
4. 
U.K. Retail Price Index (U.K. RPI) and U.K. Consumer Price Index (for all items) (U.K. 
CPI)  
(A) Where U.K. RPI (as defined below) or U.K. CPI (as defined below) is specified as 
the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(4) shall apply. Terms 
defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the U.K. RPI 
(the “U.K RPI Linked Interest”) or the U.K. CPI (“U.K. CPI Linked Interest”) 
(applicable from time to time for each Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio 
or Limited Index Ratio, in the case of Limited Index Linked Notes, applicable to the 
month or date, as the case may be, on which such payment falls to be made. 
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)) the base index figure as 
specified in the relevant Final terms; 
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B), either 
U.K. RPI or U.K. CPI, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Indexed Benchmark Gilt” means the index-linked sterling obligation of the United 
Kingdom Government listed on the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (in 
its capacity as competent authority under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended) and traded on the London Stock Exchange whose average maturity most closely

--- Page 93 ---
93 
matches that of the Notes as a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser selected by the 
Issuer (an “Indexation Advisor”) shall determine to be appropriate; 
“Inflation Index Ratio” applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, means the 
Index Figure applicable to such month or date, as the case may be, divided by the Base 
Index Figure and, notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), rounded to the nearest fifth decimal 
place; 
“Limited Index Ratio” means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may be, 
prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Inflation Index Ratio for that month or date, as the 
case may be, (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Date after the relevant Issue Date, 
the product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or date, as the case may be, 
and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the month or date, as 
the case may be, twelve months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of any other month, the 
Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the most recent Limited 
Indexation Month; 
“Limited Indexation Date” means any date falling during the period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
“Limited Indexation Factor” means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or 
Limited Indexation Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure applicable to 
that month or date, as the case may be, divided by the index Figure applicable to the month 
or date, as the case may be, twelve months prior thereto, provided that (a) if such ratio is 
greater than the Maximum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant Final Terms, it shall 
be deemed to be equal to such Maximum Indexation Factor and (b) if such ratio is less 
than the Minimum Indexation Factor specified in the relevant Final terms, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to such Minimum Indexation Factor; 
“Limited Indexation Month” means any month specified in the relevant Final terms for 
which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
“Limited Index Linked Notes” means Inflation Linked Notes to which a Maximum 
Indexation Factor and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) applies; and 
“Reference Gilt” means the Treasury Stock specified as such in the relevant Final terms 
for so long as such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked Treasury 
Stock determined to be appropriate by an Indexation Advisor. 
“U.K. CPI” means the U.K. Consumer Prices Index (for all items) published by the Office 
for National Statistics (January 2015 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace 
the U.K. Consumer Prices Index for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on 
repayment of the Indexed Benchmark Gilt (if any). Where U.K. CPI is specified as the 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index Figure” which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as: 
(i) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(iv)(4)(B) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(D), be construed as a reference to the 
Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular month and 
relating to the month before that of publication; or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(ii) 
applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
5(c)(iv)(4)(B) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(D), be calculated by linear interpolation between (x) 
the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the month in which the day 
falls, calculated as specified in paragraph (i) above and (y) the Index Figure 
applicable to the first calendar day of the month following, calculated as specified 
in paragraph (i) above and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place. 
“U.K. RPI” means the U.K. Retail Price Index (U.K. RPI) (for all items) published by the 
Office for National Statistics (January 1987 = 100) or any comparable index which may 
replace the U.K. Retail Price Index for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on 
repayment of the Reference Gilt. Where U.K. RPI is specified as the Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, any reference to the “Index Figure” which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as: 
(i) 
applicable to a particular month, shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
5(c)(iv)(4)(B) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(D), be construed as a reference to the Index Figure 
published in the seventh month prior to that particular month and relating to the 
month before that of publication; or 
(ii) 
applicable to the first calendar day of any month shall, subject as provided in 
Conditions 5(c)(iv)(4)(B) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(D), be construed as a reference to the 
Index Figure published in the second month prior to that particular month and 
relating to the month before that of publication; or 
(iii) applicable to any other day in any month shall, subject as provided in Conditions 
5(c)(iv)(4)(B) and 5(c)(iv)(4)(D), be calculated by linear interpolation between (x) 
the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the month in which the day 
falls, calculated as specified in sub-paragraph (ii) above and (y) the Index Figure 
applicable to the first calendar day of the month following, calculated as specified 
in sub-paragraph (ii) above and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place. 
(B) Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(i) 
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed 
by the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the month 
from and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first 
date from and including that on which such substitution takes effect, as 
the case may be, (1) the definition of Index and Index Figure in 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(A) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or 
month in substitution for January 1987 (where U.K. RPI is specified as 
the Index in the relevant Final Terms) or 2015 (where U.K. CPI is 
specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms) (or, as the case may 
be, to such other date or month as may have been substituted therefor), 
and (2) the new Base Index Figure shall be the product of the existing 
Base Index Figure and the Index Figure for the date on which such 
substitution takes effect, divided by the Index Figure for the date 
immediately preceding the date on which such substitution takes effect. 
(ii) 
Delay in publication of U.K. RPI if sub-paragraph (i) of the definition 
of Index Figure for U.K. RPI is applicable: If the Index Figure which 
is normally published in the seventh month and which relates to the eighth 
month (the “relevant month”) before the month in which a payment is

--- Page 95 ---
95 
due to be made is not published on or before the fourteenth business day 
before the date on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), 
the Index Figure applicable to the month in which the date for payment 
falls shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation 
Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been 
published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office for the Bank 
of England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of 
payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one 
or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation 
Advisor (and approved by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the 
Indexation Advisor)) or (2) if no such determination is made by such 
Indexation Advisor within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, 
if later, the substitute index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(i)) before the date for payment). 
(iii) 
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (i) and/or (ii) of the 
definition of U.K. CPI is applicable or if sub-paragraph (ii) and/or 
(iii) of the definition of U.K. RPI is applicable: If the Index Figure 
relating to any month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be 
taken into account for the purposes of the determination of the Index 
Figure for any date is not published on or before the fourteenth business 
day before the date on which such payment is due (the “date for 
payment”), the Index Figure applicable for the relevant calculation 
month shall be (1) such substitute index figure (if any) as the Indexation 
Advisor (after consultation with the Issuer) considers to have been 
published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank 
of England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of 
payments on the Reference Gilt or the Indexed Benchmark Gilt (as 
applicable), failing such publication, on any one or more issues of index-
linked Treasury Stock selected by the Indexation Advisor (and approved 
by the Issuer (acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Advisor)) or 
(2) if no such determination is made by such Indexation Advisor within 
seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute 
index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(i)) 
before the date for payment). 
(C) Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(ii) or (iii) apply, the determination 
of the Indexation Advisor as to the Index Figure applicable to the month in which 
the date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case may be, shall be 
conclusive and binding. If, an Index Figure having been applied pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(ii)(2) or Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(iii)(2), the Index Figure 
relating to the relevant month or relevant calculation month, as the case may be, is 
subsequently published while any Inflation Linked Notes are still outstanding, then: 
(i) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Inflation 
Linked Notes other than upon final redemption of such Inflation Linked 
Notes, the principal or interest (as the case may be) next payable after the 
date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced, as the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
case may be, by an amount equal to the shortfall or excess, as the case 
may be, of the amount of the relevant payment made on the basis of the 
Index Figure applicable by virtue of Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(ii) or 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(iii)(2) below or above the amount of the 
relevant payment that would have been due if the Index Figure 
subsequently published had been published on or before the fourteenth 
business day before the date for payment; and 
(ii) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(D) Cessation of or material changes to the Index 
(i) 
material changes to the relevant Index: 
(a) 
U.K. CPI: Where U.K. CPI is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Index and : 
(1) if notice is published by Her Majesty’s Treasury, or on its 
behalf, following a change to the coverage or the basic 
calculation of such Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make any such adjustments to the Index consistent with any 
adjustments made to the Index as applied to the relevant 
Indexed Benchmark Gilt; 
(2) any change is made to the coverage or the basic calculation 
of such Index which constitutes a material change which 
would, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Indexation Advisor, 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Issuer or the 
Noteholders, as the case may be, the Issuer shall give written 
notice of such occurrence to the Noteholders.  
Promptly after the giving of such notice, the Indexation 
Advisor and the Issuer shall seek to agree for the purpose of 
the Notes one or more adjustments to U.K. CPI or a substitute 
index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that the 
same should leave the Issuer and the Noteholders in no 
materially better and no materially worse position than they 
would have been had the relevant fundamental change to CPI 
not been made. 
If the Issuer and the Indexation Advisor fail to reach 
agreement as mentioned above within 20 Business Days 
following the giving of notice as mentioned above, a bank or 
other person in London shall be appointed by the Issuer and 
the Indexation Advisor or, failing agreement on and the 
making of such appointment within 20 Business Days 
following the expiry of the 20 day period referred to above, by 
the Indexation Advisor (in each case, such bank or other 
person so appointed being referred to as the “Expert”), to 
determine for the purpose of the Notes one or more 
adjustments to U.K. CPI or a substitute index (with or without

--- Page 97 ---
97 
adjustments) with the intention that the same should leave the 
Issuer and the Noteholders in no materially better and no 
materially worse position than they would have been had the 
relevant fundamental change to U.K. CPI (as applicable) not 
been made.  
(b) 
U.K. RPI: Where U.K. RPI is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Index and if notice is published by Her Majesty’s 
Treasury, or on its behalf, following a change to the coverage 
or the basic calculation of such Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall make any such adjustments to the Index consistent 
with any adjustments made to the Index as applied to the 
Reference Gilt. 
(ii) 
Cessation of the relevant Index: 
If the Issuer have been notified by the Calculation Agent that the relevant 
Index has ceased to be published, or if Her Majesty’s Treasury or the 
Office for National Statistics, as the case may be, or a person acting on 
its behalf, announces that it has ceased to publish the relevant Index, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index in lieu of any 
previously applicable index (the “Successor Index”) by using the 
following methodology: 
(a) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated by Her 
Majesty’s Treasury in respect of the Reference Gilt, such 
successor index shall be designated the “Successor Index” for 
the purposes of all subsequent Interest Payment Dates, 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may 
previously have been determined under paragraphs (b) or (c) 
below. This provision will only be applicable when U.K. RPI 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Index; or 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Indexation Advisor together shall seek to 
agree for the purpose of the Notes one or more adjustments to 
the Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) 
with the intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the 
Noteholders in no materially better and no materially worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased 
to be published. If the relevant Final Terms specify U.K. RPI 
as the Index then this paragraph (b) will only be applicable 
provided the Successor Index has not been determined under 
paragraph (a) above; or  
(c) 
if the Issuer and the Indexation Advisor fail to reach agreement 
as mentioned above within 20 business days following the 
giving of notice as mentioned in paragraph (ii), a bank or other 
person in London shall be appointed by the Issuer and the 
Indexation Advisor or, failing agreement on and the making of 
such appointment within 20 Business Days following the 
expiry of the 20 day period referred to above, by the

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Indexation Advisor (in each case, such bank or other person so 
appointed being referred to as the “Expert”), to determine for 
the purpose of the Notes one or more adjustments to the Index 
or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the 
intention that the same should leave the Issuer and the 
Noteholders in no materially better and no materially worse 
position than they would have been had the Index not ceased 
to be published.  
(iii) 
Adjustment or replacement: The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a 
substitute index pursuant to the foregoing paragraphs, as the case may be, 
and references in these Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure 
shall be deemed amended in such manner as the Issuer agree as 
appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or replacement. Such 
amendments shall be effective from the date of such notification and 
binding upon the Issuer and the Noteholders, and the Issuer shall give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of such 
amendments as promptly as practicable following such notification or 
adjustment. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest for Structured Notes: 
1. 
Delta One Strategy Notes Formula 
When the Delta One Strategy is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue of Notes 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Notes are designed 
to pay no interest during the lifetime of the Notes and to pay a Final Redemption Amount 
per Specified Denomination equal to the performance of the strategy on an Underlying 
which will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Specified Denomination × [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + Max(StrategyPerf – CumulatedFees; MinPerf))] 
Where :  
“CumulatedFees” means the total amount of fees collected until the Valuation Date 
indexed "t" as specified in the Final Terms;  
“Max” means in respect of a series of numbers appearing between parentheses and 
separated by “,” or of a set of numbers referred to by an index for which the values taken 
by the index are specified under the word “max” in the formula, the greatest of such 
numbers. If any such number is not specified, or specified as being “Not Applicable”, such 
number shall be ignored in the calculation of the function; 
“MinPerf” means the minimum performance as specified in the Final Terms; and 
“StrategyPerf” means the performance calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: Sum(i = 1 to n) Type(i) SelectionPerf(i)  
Where: 
 “n” means the number specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Observation Dates Set(i)” means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms 
for Underlying(i);  
“SelectionPerf(i)” is the performance of the Underlying(i) on a Valuation Date, associated 
with, if relevant, Observation Dates Set(i);   
“Sum” means the sum of the numbers appearing thereafter in the relevant formulae; 
“Type(i)” means, in respect of an Underlying(i), either 1 or -1, as specified in the Final 
Terms opposite the designation of the relevant Underlying(i); 
“Valuation Date” means the date as specified in the Final Terms; and 
“Underlying(i)” means the underlying as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
2. 
Delta One Strategy Notes with Coupons Formula  
When the Delta One Strategy Notes with Coupons is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for the issue of Notes as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, such 
Notes are designed to pay on each Interest Payment Date indexed “t” an interest amount 
per Specified Denomination at a Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
to pay a Final Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination equal to the performance 
of the strategy on an Underlying which will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination × [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + Max(StrategyPerf – CumulatedCoupons – 
CumulatedFees; MinPerf)] 
Where :  
“CumulatedCoupons” means the total of the interest amounts paid per Specified 
Denomination until the Valuation Date indexed "t" as specified in the Final Terms; 
“CumulatedFees” means the total of the fees collected until the Valuation Date indexed 
"t" as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Max” means in respect of a series of numbers appearing between parentheses and 
separated by "," or of a set of numbers referred to by an index for which the values taken 
by the index are specified under the word "max" in the formula, the greatest of such 
numbers. If any such number is not specified, or specified as being "Not Applicable", such 
number shall be ignored in the calculation of the function;  
“MinPerf” means the minimum performance specified in the Final Terms; and 
“StrategyPerf” = Sum(i = 1 to n) Type(i) SelectionPerf(i) 
Where: 
“n” means the number specified in the Final Terms; 
“Observation Dates Set(i)” means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms 
for Underlying(i); 
“SelectionPerf(i)” is the performance of the Underlying(i) on a Valuation Date, associated 
with, if relevant, Observation Dates Set(i);

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 “Sum” means the sum of the numbers appearing thereafter in the relevant formulae; 
“Type(i)” means, in respect of an Underlying(i), either 1 or -1, as specified in the Final 
Terms opposite the designation of the relevant Underlying(i); 
“Valuation Date” means the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms; and 
“Underlying(i)” means the underlying as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
3. 
Phoenix Formula 
When the Phoenix is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue of Notes as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, such Notes may pay a conditional 
or guaranteed interest amount on each Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment 
of any previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic Early Redemption Event (as defined 
below) may occur during the term of the Notes. 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = Specified Denomination ×[𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭)+(𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) –
𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭))×𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)] 
UpsideCondition(t)=1 if BasketPerf1(t)≥ H(t) 
=0 if not 
 
Where: 
“BasketPerf1(t)” means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of the following formulae (the 
“BasketPerf Formulae”): 
 
“Local Performance” means a single Local Performance: 
BasketPerf(t) = 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) 
 
“Average Performance” means the average of the Local Performances of the 
Selection on the specified Average Observation Dates Set.  It is calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t) = 1
m ∑𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑠)
m
s=1
  
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Average Observation Dates 
Set; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the Average Observation Dates Set.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
“Average Observation Dates Set” means an Observation Dates Set specified in 
the Final Terms; 
“Coupon1(t)” means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Coupon2(t)” means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms; 
“H(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event; 
“MemoryCoupon(t)” means the following value: 
(a) if the Final Terms specify Memory Effect as Applicable: the sum of all Interest 
Amounts per Note paid prior to the Payment Date indexed "t" expressed as a percentage 
of the Specified Denomination, as specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) if the Final Terms specify Memory Effect as Not Applicable: 0 (zero); 
“Memory Effect” means the activation of the memory feature whereby payment of 
previously unpaid amounts can be triggered. It is specified in the Final Terms as 
Applicable or Not Applicable; 
“Observation Dates Set” means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms; 
“Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to the Business Day Convention set forth in the applicable Final Terms or Condition 6(h) 
and the occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic Early Redemption Event; 
“Selection of Underlyings” means the selection of underlyings as specified in the Final 
Terms; and 
“Valuation Date” means the date as specified in the Final Terms. 
The “Automatic Early Redemption Event” of the Notes is triggered on any Valuation 
Date indexed “t” where: 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟏 
With: 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭)≥ 𝐑(𝐭) 
=𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where:  
“BasketPerf2(t)” means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using 
one of the BasketPerf Formulae, with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in 
the Final Terms;  
“R(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
In this case, the amount payable following the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event per Specified Denomination on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation 
Date "t" is equal to:  
Specified Denomination×(𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭)×𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
With: 
UpsideCondition2(t)=1 if BasketPerf3(t)≥H2(t) 
=0 if not 
 
Where:  
“BasketPerf3(t)” means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using 
one of the BasketPerf Formulae, with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in 
the Final Terms;  
“Coupon3(t)” means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms; and 
“H2(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H2(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event.  
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption Event, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and will be equal to:  
Specified Denomination ×[𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 
×𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧×(𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧3)] 
 
Where:  
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚=𝐆×𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩,𝐌𝐚𝐱 ((𝐊 –𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓)),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫))  
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧=𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓)<𝐁  
=𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭  
 
And  
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧=(𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒×(𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) 
+(𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓×𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑)  
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓=𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+𝐆𝟓×𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓,𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟓),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓))  
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑=𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓)≥𝐇𝟑  
=𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭  
 
where:  
“Max” means in respect of a series of numbers appearing between parentheses and separated 
by "," or of a set of numbers referred to by an index for which the values taken by the index 
are specified under the word "max" in the formula, the greatest of such numbers. If any such 
number is not specified, or specified as being "Not Applicable", such number shall be ignored 
in the calculation of the function; 
“Min” means in respect of a series of numbers appearing between parentheses and separated 
by "," or of a set of numbers referred to by an index for which the values taken by the index 
are specified under the word "min" in the formula, the lowest of such numbers. If any such

--- Page 103 ---
103 
number is not specified, or specified as being "Not Applicable", such number shall be ignored 
in the calculation of the function;  
“Coupon4” means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms;  
“Coupon5” means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms;  
“H3” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event;  
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“G5” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“Cap5” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“Floor5” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“K5” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
“B” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event; and  
“BasketPerf4(T)”, 
“BasketPerf5(T)”, 
“BasketPerf6(T)”, 
“BasketPerf7(T)” 
mean 
performances of the Selection of Underlyings on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if 
need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets. Each of their respective values is calculated 
using one of the BasketPerf Formulae, with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date, is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(g)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8(c)). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y),

--- Page 104 ---
104 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next paragraph; 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the 
rate of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any applicable margin) be less than zero; 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to 
be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Rate of Interest applicable to each Reset Period, the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in 
these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or 
if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, 
if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid but, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent can be removed by the Issuer before a successor is 
appointed in cases where it is unable to act. Notwithstanding the option of the Issuer to remove the 
Calculation Agent as aforesaid, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to appoint as soon as practicable a 
new Calculation Agent able to act. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of, or applicable to, the Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of the 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 16. 
(k) 
Indexation Advisor: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a an Indexation Advisor, if 
provision is made therefore in the Conditions and for so long as any Note where this is required is 
outstanding. The Indexation Advisor is specified in the Final Terms, it will as soon as practicable, when 
required, determine the relevant Reference Gilt or Indexed Benchmark Gilt, as the case may be, and 
such other determinations required of it pursuant to the Conditions and notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the Calculation Agent thereof, and the Fiscal Agent shall cause such Reference Gilt or Indexed 
Benchmark Gilt, as the case may be, and/or other determinations to be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 and, if the Notes are listed on a Regulated Market and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market, as soon as possible after their determination or 
calculation but in no event later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case 
of notification to the Regulated Market, the time required by the rules of the relevant Regulated Market. 
If the Indexation Advisor fails to determine the relevant Reference Gilt or Indexed Benchmark Gilt as 
the case may be, the Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London 
interbank market to act as such in its place. The Issuer will inform Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 16. The Indexation Advisor may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(l) 
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be 
final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to 
be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified 
Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, 
as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Maturity 
Date”) at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in 
the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such 
Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the 
due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all the relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 16 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption of Notes must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes 
shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed which shall

--- Page 107 ---
107 
have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
requirements of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing 
the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated 
Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and on the website of any other 
competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a 
list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a Put Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (the “Election Period”) 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must send to any Paying Agent by electronic communication or 
fax a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Put Option Notice”) in the form delivered by the 
Paying Agent, the Registration Agent or Euroclear France and/or any relevant clearing systems, as the 
case may be, within the Election Period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes shall have attached to 
it such Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any 
Paying Agent at its specified office. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, 
or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent 
specified in the Put Option Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited 
or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
Upon receipt of the Put Option Notice the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all the 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, redeem such Notes in whole, but not in part, within 2 business 
days. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any.  
(e) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
a. 
where CPI, HICP or US CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition 6(e) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before 
the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms,

--- Page 108 ---
108 
the Change in CPI, but where for these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date, and the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be 
interpreted to be the date falling two Business Days prior to the Issue Date. 
b. where the U.K. RPI or the U.K. CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
Final Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the case may be, (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(A)) x outstanding nominal amount of the Notes. 
c. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
(f) 
Redemption of Reverse Convertible Notes: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
Reverse Convertible, the Redemption Amount may be less than par if the underlying level at maturity is 
less than a given Activation Threshold. 
If Final Level(U) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-In-Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly less 
than, Activation Threshold:  
Redemption Price = 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟,100%−K − Final Level(U)𝑄)  
If Final Level(U) is strictly higher than, or if Down-In-Step is specified as "Exclude", higher than 
or equal to, Activation Threshold:  
Redemption Price = 100%  
 
Where:  
“Activation Threshold” means a percentage defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, Activation 
Threshold is equal to K. If Reference Value is specified, Activation Threshold can be defined as a 
percentage of the Reference Value specified in the Final Terms;  
“Down-In-Step” means either "Include " or "Exclude " as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Down-In-Step is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include";  
“Floor” means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms or, if not so defined, Floor is equal to 
0%;  
“K” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. If Reference Value is specified, K can be defined 
as a percentage of the Reference Value specified in the Final Terms;  
“Q” means a percentage that can be defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, Q is equal to K. If 
Reference Value is specified, Q can be defined as a percentage of the Reference Value specified in the 
Final Terms;  
“Redemption Amount” means the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be;  
“Reference Value” means a number that can optionally be specified in the Final Terms;  
“U” means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(g) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined 
in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8(c)). The calculation of the Amortised Nominal 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after 
the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(f)(ii) shall apply in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Notes 
pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, or the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes, as the case 
may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
a. 
where CPI, HICP or US CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
“Early Redemption Amount” or “Optional Redemption Amount” = IIR x nominal 
amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) if the HICP 
is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or (iii) if the US CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Change in CPI, but where for these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the reference to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t) shall be interpreted to be 
the date falling five Business Days prior to the date set for redemption, and the reference 
to CPI Determination Date in CPI(t-x) shall be interpreted to be the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the Issue Date. 
b. where the U.K. RPI or the U.K. CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount = Inflation Index Ratio or the Limited Index Ratio, as the case 
may be, (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(4)(A)) x outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes. 
c. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(g)(ii) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such 
accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, 
and including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such 
Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) above except 
that, for such purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business 
Day prior to the due date for redemption. 
Where either the U.K. RPI or the U.K. CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final 
Terms: If either (i) the Index Figure for three consecutive months is required to be 
determined on the basis of an Index Figure previously published as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(ii)(2) or 5(c)(iv)(4)(B)(iii)(2), as applicable and the Issuer has been notified 
by the Calculation Agent that publication of the Index has ceased or (ii) notice is published 
by Her Majesty’s Treasury, or on its behalf, following a change in relation to the Index, 
offering a right of redemption to the holders of the Reference Gilt or the Index Benchmark 
Gilt (as applicable), and (in either case) no amendment or substitution of the Index shall 
have been advised by the Indexation Advisor to the Issuer and such circumstances are 
continuing, the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their outstanding nominal amount together with interest accrued but unpaid up to 
and including the date of redemption. 
(iii) 
Structured Notes:  
In respect of Structured Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, or the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes, as the case 
may be, will be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in the Specified Currency 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to be the fair market value of a Note based on 
the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination and, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to account fully for 
any reasonable Unwind Costs. No accrued unpaid interest, if any, shall be payable 
separately but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
applicable Final Terms, no Unwind Costs nor any other costs (other than, in the case of a 
Force Majeure Event only, such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at 
their fair market value) will be deducted from such amount. If Significant Alteration Event 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value to be 
determined following a Significant Alteration Event only shall include a pro rata temporis 
reimbursement (a “Pro Rata Temporis Reimbursement”) by the Issuer (calculated from 
the Trade Date until the early redemption date) of any costs paid (or otherwise borne) by 
Noteholders to the Issuer (such as structuring fees) included in the issue price. 
“Force Majeure Event” means that, in the opinion of the Issuer, on or after the Issue 
Date, the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes is impossible and 
insurmountable due to the occurrence of any one of the following events, for which the 
Issuer is not accountable (being for the avoidance of doubt events which are not 
attributable to the Issuer), on the condition that the occurrence of such events renders the 
continuation of the Notes definitively impossible: 
 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political 
insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or 
protest, or any other financial, political or economic reasons or any other causes 
or impediments beyond such party's control; or 
 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken 
or threatened by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates, of all or substantially all of its assets in the local currency jurisdiction; 
“Government Authority” means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any monetary or foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government; 
“Significant Alteration Event” means any event or circumstance or combination of events 
or circumstances occurring after the Issue Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which 
has as its consequence that the economic balance of the Notes between the Issuer on the one 
hand and the Noteholders on the other hand as at the Issue Date is significantly altered, 
where such event constitutes an Illegality Event or causes a material increased cost for the 
Issuer as a consequence of a change in tax laws, solvency or regulatory capital requirements, 
nationalisation, or regulatory action, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any other 
event of a similar nature that complies with the above conditions, but, in each case, where 
such event does not constitute a Force Majeure Event; and 
“Unwind Costs” means any reasonable expenses or costs to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, 
any options, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(iv) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes”, “Inflation Linked Notes” and “Structured Notes” above), upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(h) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
If, by reason of any change in French laws or regulations, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, or any other change in the tax treatment of the 
Notes which is required by law or which is requested in writing by a competent tax authority, 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next 
payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having 
to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 below (a “Withholding Tax Event”), 
the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with, any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment without withholding for such taxes. 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of interest in respect of a given Series of Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below (a “Gross-Up Event”), then the Issuer may, 
at its option forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving 
not less than seven days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, redeem 
all, but not some only, of such Series of Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of such Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest 
Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of 
(i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due 
and payable in respect of such Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as 
aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of such Notes, or, if 
applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(i) 
Purchases: 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the Final

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold for the purpose of enhancing the 
liquidity of the Notes in accordance with applicable French laws and regulations. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if 
so transferred or surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. For so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of and listed on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will 
fortwith inform Euronext Paris of any such cancellation. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes (an “Illegality Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, 
subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to 
the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect 
of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts 
(in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided 
that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Bearer Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, (i) in the 
case of a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of any Paying Agent during normal 
business hours outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank and 
(ii) in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of Noteholder 
with a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre of such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System or, in the case of Renminbi, in Hong Kong. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and 
a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities, (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the applicable rules of any Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14(b), the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes 
(other than Inflation Linked Notes), such Materialised Bearer Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 10).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note or Inflation Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on 
a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until (i) the next following business day or (ii) if 
“Modified Following” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the next following business day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding business day, and in each case, the Noteholders shall not be entitled to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) which is a business day (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro and Renminbi), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the 
case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day or (iii) in the case of a payment in 
Renminbi, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of 
Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
(i) 
Payment of US Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to

--- Page 116 ---
116 
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by 
a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in 
whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-day 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in 
whole or in part) in US dollars on the due date at the US Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the US Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the US Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9 or for any other purpose. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international reputation active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/US dollar exchange rate for 
the purchase of US dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a 
non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) 
on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate. 
“US Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars using the RMB 
Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons as the case may be shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of interest in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or levied 
by or on behalf of the Republic of France, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders 
and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder, or, if 
applicable, a Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, all payments of interest by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, shall be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations

--- Page 118 ---
118 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
(c) 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case 
of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
that may be payable under this Condition. 
9 
Absence of Events of Default 
There are no events of default under the Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain 
events occur. However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency), then the Notes would become 
immediately due and payable. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or 5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Meeting and Voting Provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and voting by, the Noteholders the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders - No Masse 
In respect of Notes with a denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at least €100,000 
or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 11(a): 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a 
single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting 
thereof;

--- Page 119 ---
119 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of one or several Series in respect 
of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of one or several Series 
in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those 
Notes, respectively; 
“outstanding” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 5; 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in paragraph (iii) below passed 
(x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in paragraph 
(vii) below or (y) by a Written Resolution; 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph (viii) below; and 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the 
Noteholders representing not less than 85 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
References to a Written Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution 
approved by Electronic Consent. 
(ii) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Noteholders shall 
not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a 
representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings. 
However, the following provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings 
of noteholders shall apply: 
(A) 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-1, L.228-61 
(with the exception of the first sentence thereof), L.228-65 I (with the exception of sub-
paragraph 4°), L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-68, L.228-69, L.228-71 (with the exception 
of the second sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph thereof), L.228-
72, L.228-73 (with the exception of the third paragraph thereof), L.228-76, L.228-88, 
R.228-65 to R.228-68, R.228-70 to R.228-75, R.228-77 and R.228-79 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof) of the French Code de commerce relating to 
general meetings of noteholders, and 
(B) 
whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la 
masse”, “d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, 
“composant la masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est 
convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders, they shall 
be deemed to be deleted, 
and subject to the following provisions: 
(iii) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting may act with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights, actions 
and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to convert Notes into shares.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
The General Meeting may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative 
or at the request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the 
Noteholders who will file the proof of Noteholders’ claim. 
Each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of its own 
interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting. 
(iv) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such 
General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 16 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first 
convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
(v) 
Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of participating Noteholders. 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant account holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant general assembly. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 16. 
Any decision of the Issuer to (i) override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the 
proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the Issuer made pursuant to Article L.228-
65 I 1° of the French Code de commerce or (ii) offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a 
merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code 
de commerce will be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 16. 
(vi) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall elect one of them to be chairman (the 
“Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes and 
present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same as the Chairman of the 
original meeting. 
(vii) 
Quorum and voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
(viii) Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, 
to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to 
the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant 
to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 16 not less than five days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
(ix) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A resolution passed at a General Meeting, a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall 
be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, 
in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such 
Written Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the 
resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
“Masse”). 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse 
(the “Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a “General 
Meeting”). The provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as 
completed by, and subject to, the provisions of this Condition 11(b).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative will be set out in the Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be 
entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of 
the death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder 
of a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in 
the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, 
on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of 
date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 16 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, 
and five days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis 
mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Condition 16. In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 
and R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint 
a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to 
approve the proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes 
(obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made respectively pursuant to Article 
L.228-65, I, 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer 
to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles 
L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce, will be published in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Condition 16. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting 
to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to

--- Page 123 ---
123 
the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant 
to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 16 not less than five days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the 
Noteholders of not less than 85 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches 
in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each 
case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below provisions of this Condition 11(b). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception of 
Articles L.228-65 I, 4° and II, L.228-71, R.228-61, R.228-63, R.228-69, R.228-72, R.228-76, R.228-79 
and R.236-11, and further subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the “General 
Meeting”). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and its alternate will be set out in the Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be 
entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of 
the death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one thirtieth of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two 
months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of 
date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 16 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, 
and five days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis 
mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to 
one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in 
respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount 
of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions will be published in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Condition 16. Furthermore, (i) the decision of a General Meeting 
to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General 
Meeting to approve the proposal to change the objects or corporate form of the Issuer pursuant 
to Article L.228-65, I, 1° of the French Code de commerce or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to 
offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to 
Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce, will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 16. 
(v) 
Powers of the General Meetings 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative and also may act with respect to any other matter 
that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue

--- Page 125 ---
125 
with respect to the Notes, including authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or 
defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor decide to convert the Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
(vi) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting 
to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to 
the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant 
to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of 
Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 16 not less than five days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Resolution Date will irrevocably undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the 
Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the 
Noteholders of not less than 85 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General 
Meeting on first convocation or (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding of such General Meeting on 
second convocation or, in the case of a Written Resolution, the Written Resolution Date, as the case may 
be, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports 
which will be prepared in connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the 
Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written 
Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, expenses

--- Page 126 ---
126 
of the Representative of the Masse in the performance of its duties, as the case may be, and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the 
Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse” the holders of Notes of 
the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes 
of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective 
common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
One Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse” if and for so long as the 
Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition 11 will not apply. 
Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity, shall provide 
copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon request, to any subsequent 
holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event or a Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark Amendment or a Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Benchmark 
Amendments or any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to 
Condition (5)(c)(iii)(C) or Condition 5(b)(ii)(C). 
12 Modifications 
The Agency Agreement will be capable of amendment or waiver by the parties thereto, without the consent of 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting 
or supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the parties to the Agency 
Agreement mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not, in the reasonable opinion of such parties, 
adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. 
13 Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and regulations of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
14 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the 
Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects 
save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to 
“Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after 
the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or 
not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15 Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of Notes may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder of Notes, directly or indirectly, howsoever 
arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and 
each holder of Notes shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 15 is intended to provide, or shall be construed as 
acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any 
such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note but for this Condition 15. 
For purposes of this Condition 15, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any holder 
of Notes for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly 
under or in connection with any Note. 
16 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos) or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) or (z) following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the AMF and, (b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, 
in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published (i) so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and, (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s), on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located, if the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market(s) so require. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 16(a), (b), (c), above; 
(i) 
except that notices will be published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be La 
Tribune), or (b) following Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the AMF or (c) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market(s) and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall also be 
published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading are/is situated which, and 
(ii) 
notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings and Written 
Resolutions pursuant to Condition 11 shall also be published (a) on the website of the Issuer, and 
(b) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the AMF or Euronext Paris, or (c) in a leading 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
17 
Statutory Write-Down or Conversion 
(a) 
Acknowledgement. Notwithstanding any other term of any Series of Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its acquisition of the Notes, 
each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17 includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-In Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof: 
(1) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below) on a permanent 
basis; 
(2) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu 
of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person;

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(3) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
(4) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For purposes of this Condition 17, the “Amounts Due” means the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes.  
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, the single 
resolution board established by the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a single resolution 
mechanism and a single resolution fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010 as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019). 
(b) 
Bail-In Power. For these purposes, the “Bail-In Power” means any power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the 
BRRD, including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 
2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time to time, the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, or otherwise arising under French law, and in each case 
the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated 
Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, 
suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or 
an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations 
of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-
in tool following placement in resolution or of write-down or conversion powers before a resolution or 
procedure is initiated of without a resolution procedure or otherwise. 
“Regulated Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the Code as modified 
by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and 
certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
(c) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due. No repayment or payment of the Amounts 
Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by 
the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France and the European Union applicable to the 
Issuer or other members of its group. 
(d) 
Exercise of Bail-In Power Will Not Constitute Event of Default. Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a 
reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security or 
obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the holders of such Notes to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
(e) 
Notice to Noteholders. Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-In Power. The Issuer will also 
deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent 
shall not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power. 
(f) 
Duties of the Fiscal Agent. Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
(a) the Fiscal Agent and any other Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, 
and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon any Agent whatsoever, in each case with 
respect to the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-
In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties 
under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following such 
completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an amendment to 
the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Proration. If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-In Power with respect to less than the 
total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent or any other Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes 
pursuant to the Bail-In Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive. The matters set forth in this Condition 17 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing 
matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer 
and any holder of a Note. 
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDTIONS OF STRUCTURED NOTES 
1 
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
(A) 
Common definitions for Single Exchange Index Linked Notes and Multi Exchange Index Linked 
Notes 
“Barrier Level” means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross 
currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate 
does not appear on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of 
which an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the 
number of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
preceding the date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Final Level” means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date PROVIDED that Final Level will 
mean the Settlement Price relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Valuation Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Date; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if "Average Level" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Levels on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum Level" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest level as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation 
Dates 
“Initial Level” means either: 
the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR either

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, (a) if "Strike Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a) if "Average Level" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Levels on each of such 
Observation Dates, OR (b) if "Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) if "Maximum Level" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest level as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation 
Dates. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
“Observation Date(s)” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Index Benchmark” means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Index; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index Benchmark" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Level” means, in respect of any Observation Date, the level of the Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Observation Date PROVIDED that 
Relevant Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on such Observation Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Day. 
“Settlement Day” means the day occurring within the month prior to the Valuation Date on which 
options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Index are settled on their Related Exchange. 
“Settlement Price” means the official settlement price of options contracts or futures contracts 
relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date, Observation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
“>” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
“<” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
“≥” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
“≤” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
“” or “Abs ()” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
“%” means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
“^[n]” means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(B) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index Linked Notes 
“Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system as determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in the component securities or other assets underlying the Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
the shares underlying the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and, if 
any, the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index” means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated and 
announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related 
to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
“Related Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to the Index has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Ultimate 
Observation Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation 
Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(C) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes 
“Exchange” means, in respect of each component security of the Index (each, a “Component 
Security”), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent or otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Index and, if any, (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding any Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index” means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated and 
announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related 
to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
“Related Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such 
exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of each Component Security, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of the Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
regular trading session. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
“Valuation Time” means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or 
future contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is 
not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, 
subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, subject to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)) below. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date, subject to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)) below. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means the original Observation Date that, but for the occurrence 
of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
(i) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index Linked Notes 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index or, if 
any, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or any Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 
20% or more of the level of the Index on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related 
Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of 
the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time 
on which the level of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-
out Level or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included 
in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the 
level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the 
Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in 
respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security 
on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
“Market Disruption Event” means either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time 
on which the level of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; AND/OR 
(2) an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or 
ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers respectively 
the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of 
the Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; AND/OR 
(3) an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; AND 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption and/or, an Exchange Disruption and/or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists comprises 20% or more of the level of the Index; OR 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-
out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers 
respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Related 
Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options 
contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall 
level of the Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the 
Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange

--- Page 138 ---
138 
in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index on the Related Exchange. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number 
of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike 
Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date of each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike 
Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate 
Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions)) the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of each 
security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation 
Date). 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Date, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Date.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
(3) 
Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date 
shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of 
the Valuation Time for that Observation Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate 
Observation Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate 
Observation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
“Ultimate Observation Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Observation Date. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which 
another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of 
a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on 
the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at 
the time on which the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out 
Level, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-
out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
Common definitions for Single Exchange Index Linked Notes and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then amendment to 
the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or payment under the

--- Page 140 ---
140 
relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such 
Knock-in Event. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in 
Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Level” means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms 
do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) 
"less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then amendment to 
the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or payment under the 
relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such 
Knock-out Event. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out 
Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Level” means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms 
do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Common definitions and provisions for Single Exchange Index Linked Notes and Multi Exchange Index 
Linked Notes 
(A) 
Definitions 
“Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means that the Index Level is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) 
"less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level” means the level of the Index specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth in Condition 1(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Rate” means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date does not or 
is not deemed to occur. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
“Index Level” means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the level of the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date PROVIDED that Index Level will mean the Settlement Price

--- Page 142 ---
142 
relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Day; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i) if "Average Level" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified 
Currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Specified 
Levels on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (ii) if 
"Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Levels on each of 
such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum Level" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest level as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Levels on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates 
PROVIDED that Index Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Day. 
“Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Specified Level” means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, the 
level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will 
be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount in 
the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, the product of (i) 
the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that 
Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to adjustments to the Index set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date). 
“Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means, in respect of any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Automatic 
Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, then (A) the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date (irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date), and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date in accordance with (subject to 
adjustments to the Index set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time 
on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date of each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time 
on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date). 
“Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date” means the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(i) 
If the Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (B) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially

--- Page 144 ---
144 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, then in each 
case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index and the Conditions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the Index Sponsor (a) announces that it 
will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other 
way materially modifies the Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine 
events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (an 
“Index Cancellation”) or (b) fails to calculate and announce the Index (an “Index Disruption” 
(provided for the avoidance of doubt that a successor sponsor calculating and announcing the Index 
determined as unacceptable by the Calculation Agent shall be an Index Disruption) or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (and together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation and an Index Disruption, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then the Calculation Agent 
will be entitled, for the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Notes, either 
to: 
(A) 
calculate the level of the Index in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that 
comprised the Index immediately prior to the Index Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(B) 
replace the Index by the Index as so modified or by the new index (as the case may be), provided 
that in such case, (a) the Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the new index as may 
be required in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make 
payment of any amount due and payable under the Notes linked to the Index as if such new or 
modified index had not replaced the Index and, if need be, will multiply the modified or new 
index by a linking coefficient to do so as determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) the 
Noteholders will be notified of the modified Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, if 
need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but not and) 
(C) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to apply the Monetisation 
provisions set forth in paragraph (2)(g) below; 
OR (but not and) 
(D) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, require the Issuer to 
redeem each Note at an amount per Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The Early 
Redemption Amount shall be payable by the Issuer on the fifth Business Day following 
notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
the event referred to in this paragraph (D) has occurred. 
(ii) 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent determines, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change in Law or a Hedging Disruption (where specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or an Increased Cost of Hedging (where specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs, then it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such 
event and the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, either:  
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the redemption, settlement, 
payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers

--- Page 145 ---
145 
to be appropriate, and determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of 
such adjustment(s);  
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to apply the 
Monetisation provisions set forth in paragraph 2(g) below;  
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to redeem all 
(but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such day being an “Early 
Redemption Date”) following the day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the first 
Business Day following the day) on which the Issuer receives notice from the Calculation 
Agent that such event has occurred (such day being a “Notification Date”). The Notes 
shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, as of the 
Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption 
Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
“Change in Law” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, on 
or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day of the Notes, (A) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, any regulation, rule or procedure of 
any exchange (an “Applicable Regulation”), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of 
its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or 
dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) or any 
requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or other 
requirements. 
“Hedge Positions” means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock 
loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
“Hedging Arrangements” means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer (and/or 
its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, at any time with 
respect to the Notes, including without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any securities, any

--- Page 146 ---
146 
options or futures on such securities, any depositary receipts in respect of such securities and any 
associated foreign exchange transactions. 
“Hedging Disruption” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Issuer (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of the Issuer entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Issuer and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements, would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
(iii) 
In the event that any level announced by the Index Sponsor which is utilised by the Calculation 
Agent for any determination (the “Original Determination”) is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the “Corrected Value”) is announced by the Index Sponsor within two Scheduled 
Trading Days after the original publication and in any case not later than the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Notes which is linked to that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant 
value (the “Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected and/or 
the correction of the Original Determination is announced by the Index Sponsor after the second 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under 
the Notes which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any determinations 
and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions), whereupon 
the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed notice to the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Conditions of such determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by 
the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Monetisation 
Event occurs, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate,

--- Page 147 ---
147 
and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any 
Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Rate, and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be paid on such Interest 
Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption Amount initially scheduled to 
be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction and discharge of its obligations 
of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal 
to the product of: 
(i) 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the Monetisation 
Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any 
equity options, equity swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes); and 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the purposes of 
determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable but shall be taken 
into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1(g): 
“Monetisation Date” means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be no earlier than 
the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
“Monetisation Event” means any event specified in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions). 
“Monetisation Formula” means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where “r” is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
“n” means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation Formula. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
“Range Accrual Rate” means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the number of Triggering Days comprised 
in this Monitoring Period divided by the number of Monitoring Days comprised in this 
Monitoring Period. 
“Monitoring Day” means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in such 
Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth below.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
“Monitoring Period” means any period which commences on, but excludes, any Reference Date 
and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date provided that for the 
avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence on, but exclude, the first Reference 
Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, and include, the last Reference Date. 
“Number of Monitoring Days” means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number of 
Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
“Number of Triggering Days” means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number of 
Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering Days. 
“Reference Dates” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any of 
such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
“Triggering Day” means any Monitoring Day where the level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day is, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or 
(iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger Level. 
“Trigger Level” means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) above. 
“Trigger Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Monitoring Day specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify 
a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Consequences 
If “Range Accrual” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
comprised in this Condition 1(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or the Redemption 
Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a 
Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination of the Number of 
Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days. 
2 
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
These Terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
“Barrier Price” means the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 2(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day when the Exchange is open for trading 
during its normal trading sessions, notwithstanding the fact that the Exchange closes prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange” means the stock exchange or quotation system on which the Futures Contract is mainly 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting reasonably in its own discretion, provided that 
the Exchange in respect of the Futures Contract on the Issue Date means the stock exchange or the

--- Page 149 ---
149 
quotation system specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any stock exchange or any quotation 
system succeeding or replacing it to which the trading of the Futures Contract has been temporarily 
transferred (providing the Calculation Agent has determined, acting reasonably but at its sole discretion, 
that there is, on this temporary replacement stock exchange or quotation system, a liquidity for the 
Futures Contract comparable to that of the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) when the commercial 
banks and the foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate must be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day which is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the exchange rate of 
one currency against another currency, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which appears 
on the designated page in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such 
rate does not appear on the designated page in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Exchange Rate. 
“Final Price” means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the Price of the Futures Contract determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i)  if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded 
to the nearest unit of the currency in which the Futures Contract is valued (half a unit being 
rounded up)) of the Reference Price on each such Observation Date OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the currency in which the 
Futures Contract is valued (half a unit being rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the currency in which the Futures Contract is valued (half a unit being rounded 
up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
“Futures Contract” means the contract specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which may be 
(i) an option relating to the Futures Contract Underlying, (ii) a futures contract relating to the Futures 
Contract Underlying, (iii) an option relating to a futures contract on the Futures Contract Underlying, 
(iv) a swap relating to any of the components set out in (i) to (iii), or (v) any other contract, derivative 
or other, relating to an Futures Contract Underlying, as calculated and published by the Futures Contract 
Sponsor, subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
“Futures Contract Sponsor” means the company or other entity whose role is (a) to fix and revise the 
rules and procedures, the calculation methods and any adjustments relating to the Futures Contract, and 
(b) to publish (directly or via an agent) the Price of the Futures Contract on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which is specified as such, on the Issue Date, in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
“Futures Contract Underlying” means the index(es), share(s) or dividend(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Price” means either 
(i) 
the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms OR  
(ii) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms the Price of such Futures Contract as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, OR 
(iii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Futures Contract is valued 
(with halves being rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR 
(b) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
lowest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (c) if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference 
Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
“Observation Date(s) ” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Price” means the price, the level or the cost of the applicable Futures Contract, as the case may be, 
listed on the Exchange at the relevant time. 
“Reference Price” means, in respect of any Futures Contract and any Observation Date or any 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, the Price of the Futures Contract as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on such Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange and an Exchange Rate Business Day, the 
planned weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Exchange Rate Business Day, without taking 
account of trading taking place after such closing time or outside of normal trading hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which it is planned that the Exchange will be open for 
trading during its normal trading sessions. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no number 
is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
“Tax Disruption” means the imposition, change or withdrawal of a customs duty, a tax on output, a tax 
on turnover, a tax on consumption, a value added tax, a transfer duty, a stamp duty, a document tax, a 
registration fee or any similar tax using the applicable Futures Contract as base (other than a tax using 
the gross or net profit as base), levied by any government or any tax authority after the Issue Date, if the 
direct effect of such imposition, change or withdrawal is to increase or reduce the Price on the day on 
which the Price would be determined otherwise, in comparison to what it would have been without such 
imposition, change or withdrawal. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no 
such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the Valuation Date, on the 
Knock-in Determination Date, on the Knock-out Determination Date, on the applicable Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Early

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, on the Strike 
Date, on the Ultimate Strike Date, on the Ultimate Valuation Date or on the Observation Date or Ultimate 
Observation Date, as the case may be. If such Exchange closes before its Scheduled Closing Time, and 
if the Valuation Time specified is after the actual closing time of its normal trading session, the Valuation 
Time will be such actual closing time. 
“>” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
“<” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
“≥” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
“≤” means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
“” or “Abs ()” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
“% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 0.01. 
“^[n]” means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself "n-1" 
times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
(i) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
such date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day, the next Exchange Rate Business Day, subject 
to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
“Original Strike Date” means the original date which, without the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(ii) 
Valuation Date  
“Valuation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next Exchange Rate Business Day, subject to the 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)) below. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means the original date which, without the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
Observation Date 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next relevant Valid Date, subject to the "Consequences 
of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means the original Observation Date that, but for the occurrence 
of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(i) 
Definitions 
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, or 
(ii) a Market Disruption, for which the Calculation Agent will determine, in each case, whether 
it is substantial, and which occurs at any time during the period of one hour which (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of an Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the 
time at which the Price of the Futures Contract respectively triggers the Knock-in Price or the 
Knock-out Price, or (b) in all other cases, ends at the applicable Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
“Early Closure” means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange before its 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time is announced by such Exchange at least 
one hour before such early closing time, whichever occurs first: (i) the actual closing time of the 
normal trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the deadline 
for submission of orders that have to be entered into the Exchange's system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day where 
the Exchange does not open with a view to trading during its normal trading session, or any 
Scheduled Trading Day where a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
“Market Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) which disturbs or reduces 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the capacity in general of the participants in the market 
to carry out transactions in the Futures Contract, or to obtain Prices for such Futures Contract on 
the Exchange. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension or limitation to trading imposed by the relevant 
Exchange or otherwise, either owing to price fluctuations exceeding the limits permitted by the 
Exchange or otherwise to the Futures Contract on the Exchange. 
(ii) 
General Provisions 
(a) 
Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, the Strike Date will be the next Scheduled Trading 
Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Original Strike Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In this case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date will be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that this day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Price of the Futures Contract at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate 
Strike Date, in compliance (subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 
2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last formula and the last method of calculation 
of the Price of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day, using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on the 
Ultimate Strike Date, and its estimate in good faith of the price of the Futures Contract 
Underlying of the relevant Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike 
Date). 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last day of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Original Strike 
Date.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date will be the next Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is 
a Disrupted Day. 
In this case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date will be deemed to be such Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Price of the Futures Contract at the Valuation Time on such 
Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to the "Particular Provisions" 
featuring in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below)) the last listed Price of the 
Futures Contract Underlying and the last formula and the last method of calculation of the 
Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Price 
traded or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on the Ultimate Valuation Date, of 
the Futures Contract Underlying (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in 
respect of the Futures Contract, on the Ultimate Valuation Date, its estimate in good faith 
of the Price of the Futures Contract Underlying of the Futures Contract, at the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Valuation Date). 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Date, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following this Scheduled Valuation Date.  
(c) 
Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred at the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be such Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the Price of the Futures Contract at the 
Valuation Time for such Observation Date in accordance with (subject to the "Particular 
Provisions" featuring in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below)) the last formula 
and the last method for calculation of the Futures Contract Underlying in force before 
occurrence of the next Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at 
the Valuation Time, on the Ultimate Observation Date, of the Futures Contract Underlying 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the Futures Contract 
Underlying of the Futures Contract on the Ultimate Observation Date, its estimate in good 
faith of the Price of the Futures Contract Underlying of the Futures Contract, at the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
“Ultimate Observation Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Observation Date.  
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which 
another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time, and if any Knock-in Determination Date or 
any Knock-out Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, that such Knock-in Determination

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Date or Knock-out Determination Date will be deemed not to be a Knock-in 
Determination Date or a Knock-out Determination Date, for the purposes of determining 
the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms corresponds to a time, or is within a period of time, included in the 
regular trading hours on the Exchange, and if, on any Knock-in Determination Date or 
Knock-out Determination Date, and at any time during the period of one hour that begins 
and/or ends at the time on which the Price of the Futures Contract triggers the Knock-in 
Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, the Knock-in 
Event or the Knock-out Event will be deemed not to have occurred.  
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(i) 
Knock-in Event 
If the relevant Final Terms stipulate that “Knock-in Event” is applicable, any payment pursuant 
to the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event will be conditional on the occurrence of this 
Knock-in Event.  
“Knock-in Event” means that the Price of the Futures Contract, determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Date, is, specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or 
(iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price.  
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention for 
the Knock-in Period Beginning Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next Scheduled Trading Day.  
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention 
for the Knock-in Period Ending Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means, on any Knock-in Determination Date, the time or the period 
of time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify any Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time will be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Determination Date” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in 
Determination Period, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 
2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period that begins on the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date (inclusive) and ends on the Knock-in Period Ending Date (inclusive). 
“Knock-in Price” means the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in compliance 
with the provisions of Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below and the "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event 
If the relevant Final Terms stipulate that “Knock-out Event” is applicable, any payment pursuant 
to the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event will be conditional on the occurrence of this 
Knock-out Event.  
“Knock-out Event” means that the Price of the Futures Contract, determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Date, is, specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price.  
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention for 
the Knock-out Period Beginning Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next Scheduled Trading Day.  
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention for the Knock-out Period Ending Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means, on any Knock-out Determination Date, the time or the 
period of time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the applicable 
Final Terms do not specify any Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time will be 
the Valuation Time. 
“Knock-out Determination Date” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out 
Determination Period, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 
2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period that begins on the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date (inclusive) and the Knock-out Period Ending Date (inclusive). 
“Knock-out Price” means the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in compliance 
with the provisions of Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below and the "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(i) 
Definitions 
“Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" 
set forth below. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or, if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading 
Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" stipulated below. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject, in each case, to adjustment in compliance with the Business Day Convention 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means that the Futures Contract Price is, specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price” means the Futures Contract Price expressed as a 
percentage and specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in 
compliance with the provisions of Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Rate” means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day and where no other Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date occurs or is 
deemed to have occurred. 
“Futures Contract Price” means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Price with respect to 
the Futures Contract, as determined by the Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, if such date occurs on the Settlement Date; or  
(b) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i)  if "Average Price" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified 
Currency in which the Futures Contract is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the 
Reference Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR 
(ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically lowest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices 
on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates. 
“Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means the original date which, 
without the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is applicable, 
and if the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the Notes will be automatically redeemed in full, and not only in part, unless they 
have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, on the Automatic Early Redemption 
Date immediately following this Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and the amount 
payable by the Issuer on this date, in redemption of each Note, will be an amount, provided in 
the Scheduled Currency, equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means (a) the amount provided in the Specified 
Currency, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if this amount is not specified, (b) 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the Automatic Early Redemption Rate 
applicable on this Automatic Early Redemption Date.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
(iii) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date will be postponed to the next Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day.  
In this case, (i) the Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early Redemption will be 
deemed to be this Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the Futures 
Contract Price at the Valuation Time on this Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic 
Early Redemption, in compliance (subject to the "Adjustments of the Futures Contract" 
of Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last formula and the last method 
of calculation of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day, using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on this 
Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early Redemption, of the Futures Contract 
Underlying (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the relevant 
Futures Contract, on the Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early Redemption, its 
estimate in good faith of the price of the Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time on this 
Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early Redemption). 
“Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early Redemption” means, in respect of 
any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
last day of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date will be the next Automatic Early Redemption Valid 
Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as 
of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, the 
(i) the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date will be deemed to be that 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date (irrespective of whether or not this 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is already an Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date), and (2) the Calculation Agent will determine the Futures 
Contract Price at the Valuation Time on this Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date, in compliance (subject to the "Adjustments of the Futures Contract" of 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last formula and the last method of 
calculation of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day, using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on this 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, of the Futures Contract 
Underlying (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the 
Underlying Asset of the relevant Futures Contract, on the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, its estimate in good faith of the Price of the Underlying 
Asset of the relevant Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time on this Ultimate Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date).

--- Page 158 ---
158 
“Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date” means the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the original date which, without the occurrence of another Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date or another Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date.  
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(i) 
If the Futures Contract (i) is not calculated and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, but is 
calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent, or 
(ii) is replaced by a successor futures contract which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
uses the same formula and the same calculation method as those used to calculate the Futures 
Contract, or a substantially similar method and formula, this futures contract (the “Successor 
Futures Contract”) will be deemed to be the Futures Contract, and the Conditions shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
(ii) 
If, on the latest or before the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out Determination 
Date, (a) the Exchange or, as the case may be, the Futures Contract Sponsor does not publish the 
Price of the Futures Contract, or the Futures Contract Sponsor (A) announces that it will 
significantly change the formula or method of calculation of the Futures Contract or make any 
other significant change to the Futures Contract (other than a modification in order to maintain 
the Futures Contract in the event of changes to the Futures Contract Underlying), (a 
“Modification of the Futures Contract”), or permanently cancels the Futures Contract, and if 
there is no Successor Futures Contract (a “Withdrawal of the Futures Contract”), or (B) fails 
to calculate and publish the Futures Contract (a “Disruption of the Futures Contract”) (for the 
avoidance of doubt, where a successor sponsor calculates and publishes a Futures Contract 
deemed unacceptable by the Calculation Agent, it will constitute a “Disruption of the Futures 
Contract”), and, with a Modification of the Futures Contract and a Withdrawal of the Futures 
Contract, a “Futures Contract Adjustment Event”), or (b) a Tax Disruption occurs, the 
Calculation Agent may then, in order to perform its obligations pursuant to the Notes outstanding, 
either: 
(a) 
calculate the Price of the Futures Contract (i) by using the last Price listed or traded of the 
Futures Contract Underlying used as reference immediately before the occurrence of the 
Futures Contract Adjustment Event, and (ii) in compliance with the formula and method 
of calculation of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the Futures 
Contract Adjustment Event, but in only using the Futures Contract Underlying used as 
reference immediately before the occurrence of the Futures Contract Adjustment Event; 
or (but not "and") 
(b) 
replace the Futures Contract with the Futures Contract thus modified or with the new 
futures contract (as the case may be), provided that in such case, (a) the Calculation Agent 
will make to the new futures contract the adjustments that may be required to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount due and payable 
pursuant to the Notes linked to the Futures Contract, as if such new futures contract or 
modified futures contract had not replaced the Futures Contract and, if necessary, will 
multiply the modified futures contract or the new futures contract with an indexing factor, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (b) the Noteholders will be notified of the 
modified Futures Contract or the new futures contract (as the case may be) and, if 
necessary, the indexing factor; or (but not "and")

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(c) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that Monetisation is applicable, apply the provisions 
of Condition 2(g) (Monetisation) below relative to Monetisation; or (but not "and") 
(d) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, require the 
Issuer to redeem each Note for an amount per Note equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount. The Early Redemption Amount will be payable by the Issuer on the fifth 
Business Day following notification of the Calculation Agent informing the Issuer that it 
has determined that the event set out in this sub-paragraph (ii) has occurred. 
(iii) 
If, on or prior to the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the last Observation 
Date, the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs (providing the relevant event is stipulated as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), then it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event 
and the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the redemption, settlement, 
payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers 
to be appropriate, and determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of 
such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that “Monetisation” is applicable, to apply the 
provisions relating to Monetisation in Condition 2(g) (Monetisation) below; 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to redeem all 
(but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such day being an “Early 
Redemption Date”) following the day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the first 
Business Day following the day) on which the Issuer receives notice from the Calculation 
Agent that such event has occurred (such day being a “Notification Date”). The Notes 
shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, as of the 
Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption 
Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
“Change in Law” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the 
latest or before the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, 
the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out Determination Date, (A) owing to 
the adoption, or any change, of any law (including, but not limited to, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any decision or ruling of a regulatory or tax authority, or any regulation, rule 
or procedure of any stock exchange (an “Applicable Regulation”), or (B) owing to the 
promulgation of or departure from the interpretation made by any court, any tribunal or any 
competent regulatory authority of any law or regulation (including any measure taken by a tax 
authority), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will determine, (X) unless Hedging Arrangements 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, whether it has become or will

--- Page 160 ---
160 
become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Issuer and/or any of its respective 
affiliates or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, to hold, acquire or assign 
Hedging Positions relative to these Notes, or (Y) whether it will incur a significantly higher cost 
in order to perform its obligations pursuant to the Notes (including, but not limited to, owing to 
an increase in the taxes to be paid, a reduction in tax benefits or any other adverse effect on its 
tax situation), or will meet all applicable requirements in respect of reserves, special deposits, 
insurance contributions or other requirements. 
“Hedging Positions” means any purchase, sale, conclusion or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts on securities, options, futures contracts, derivatives or currencies, (ii) 
securities lending operations, or (iii) other instruments or agreements (irrespective of their 
description), undertaken in order to hedge the risk linked to entering into and performing the 
obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes, individually or on the basis of a portfolio. 
“Hedging Agreements” means any hedge agreements entered into by the Issuer (and/or any of 
its respective affiliates) or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements entered into at any 
time in order to hedge the Notes, including, but not limited to, the purchase and/or sale of any 
securities, options or futures contracts on these securities, any certificates of deposit for these 
securities, and any related transactions on currency. 
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
(and/or any of its affiliates) or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements are unable, in 
spite of commercially reasonable efforts, (i) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, 
settle or hold any transaction(s) or any asset(s) that they deem necessary in order to hedge the 
risk resulting for this entity from the conclusion and performance of its obligations pursuant to 
the Notes, or (ii) to realise, recover or pay the proceeds of these transaction(s) or these asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements incur any 
substantially increased amount of taxes, duties, costs or commission (other than brokerage 
commissions) (in comparison to the circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Notes), in 
order (i) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, settle or assign any transaction(s) 
or any asset(s) that they deem necessary in order to hedge the risk of the Issuer owing to the 
conclusion and performance of its obligations pursuant to the Notes, or (ii) to realise, recover or 
pay the proceeds of these transaction(s) or these asset(s), on the understanding that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively owing to the deterioration in solvency of the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements will not 
be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(iv) 
In the event that any Price published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of any determination (the “Original Determination”) is later corrected, 
and in the event that the correction (the “Corrected Value”) is published by the Futures Contract 
Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days of the original publication, and, in any event, no 
later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date of payment of the 
amount due and payable pursuant to the Notes which is linked to that Original Determination, the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Corrected Value to the Issuer, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
and will determine the relevant value (the “Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected 
Value.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different to the result of the Original Determination, 
the Calculation Agent may, if it so deems necessary, acting reasonably but in its sole discretion, adjust 
any relevant provisions of the terms of the Notes accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders may not make any claim against the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent if any Original Determination is not later corrected and/or if the correction of the Original 
Determination is published by the Futures Contract Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the date of payment of the amount due and payable pursuant to the Notes and 
linked to that Original Determination. 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent must provide, as soon as practically possible, a detailed notification of all 
determinations and/or all adjustments, as the case may be, carried out or notified to the Issuer by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, after which the Issuer 
shall promptly provide a detailed notification of the determinations and/or adjustments thus 
carried out and notified by the Calculation Agent, to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in 
compliance with the Conditions. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion so elects, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any 
Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable 
for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of 
the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption Amount 
initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction and 
discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date until the Maturity Date (the 
“Monetisation Amount”) equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the Monetisation 
Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any 
equity options, equity swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes); and 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the purposes of 
determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable but shall be taken 
into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(g): 
“Monetisation Date” means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be no earlier than 
the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
“Monetisation Event” means any event specified in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions).

--- Page 162 ---
162 
“Monetisation Formula” means the following formula:  
(1 + r)^n 
where “r” is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
“n” means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation Formula. 
(h) 
Range Accrual Interest 
(i) 
Definitions 
“Reference Dates” means the dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, unless stipulated 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, or, if one of these dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next 
Monitoring Day. 
“Monitoring Day” means, in respect of any Observation Period, any day included in this 
Observation Period which is (unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) a 
Scheduled Trading Day for each Futures Contract, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" described below. 
“Number of Monitoring Days” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the number of 
Monitoring Days included in this Observation Period. 
“Number of Triggering Days” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the number of 
Monitoring Days included in this Observation Period which are Triggering Days. 
“Trigger Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the time or period of time, 
on any Monitoring Day, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; otherwise, if the applicable 
Final Terms do not specify any Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time will be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Triggering Day” means any Monitoring Day where: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Separate Valuation” is applicable, the Futures 
Contract Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Trigger Valuation Date of 
this Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Separate Valuation” is not applicable, an 
amount for the Basket, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of the values 
of each Futures Contract, being, for each Futures Contract, the product obtained by 
multiplying (i) the Futures Contract Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent at the 
Trigger Valuation Time on this Monitoring Day, by (ii) the applicable Weighting, 
is, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", 
(iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger Price in question. 
“Observation Period” means any period that begins on any Reference Date (not inclusive) and 
ends on the following Reference Date (inclusive), on the understanding, to avoid any ambiguity, 
that the first Observation Period will begin on the first Reference Date (not inclusive) and that 
the last Observation Period will end on the last Reference Date (inclusive).

--- Page 163 ---
163 
“Trigger Price” means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Separate Valuation” is applicable, in respect 
of any Futures Contract, the Futures Contract Price as indicated or determined as a 
percentage in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Separate Valuation” is not applicable, the 
Price per Basket as indicated or determined as a percentage in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) above. 
“Range Accrual Interest Rate” means, in respect of any Observation Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the form of a percentage, equal (unless stipulated 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) to the number of Triggering Days included in this 
Observation Period, divided by the number of Monitoring Days included in this Observation 
Period. 
(ii) 
Provisions 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Range Accrual Interest” is applicable, the 
provisions of this Condition 2(h) will apply to every Interest Amount and/or to the Redemption 
Amount, subject to determining the Range Accrual Interest Rate applicable. 
(iii) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
Unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, if a Monitoring Day is a Disrupted 
Day, this Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a Monitoring Day and it will therefore not be 
taken into account in determining the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering 
Days.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General 
Description - Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the 
Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in 
the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such 
day pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for (i) the Issuer’s general funding 
purposes or (ii) any other purpose stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
BRED Banque Populaire is registered with the Paris commercial registry under  number 552 091 795. Its 
registered office is located at 18 quai de la Rapée, 75012 Paris, France, telephone number +33 1 48 98 60 00. 
It was incorporated on 25 October 1919 for a term expiring on 7 October 2018, which has been extended to 20 
May 2109 by a decision of the extraordinary general assembly of the Issuer dated 21 May 2010. 
BRED is a French société anonyme coopérative de banque populaire with fixed capital regulated by Articles 
L.512-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier and other laws and regulations relating to mutual 
banks (banques populaires), the French Act dated 10 September 1947 governing the status of cooperative bodies 
(statut de la coopération), Titles I to IV of Book II of the French Code de commerce, Chapter I of Title I of 
Book V and Title III of the French Code monétaire et financier, their implementing decrees and BRED's 
Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
In addition, the Issuer is governed by general decisions and in particular those relating to the system of guarantee 
for the network of mutual banks laid down by BPCE in the context of the powers granted to BPCE under 
Articles L.511-30, L.511-31, L.511-32, L.512-12, L.512-106 and L.512-107 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. The Issuer mainly operates under the laws of France. 
At 31 December 2020, BRED Banque Populaire is the main co-op bank of BPCE group, the second-largest 
retail banking network in France4 . It is a cooperative bank with capital of €1,495,866,772.29 and 191,978 
cooperative shareholders, and operates in two main businesses: local retail banking in the Paris, Aisne and 
Normandy regions as well as overseas, and banking services for large economic entities. 
The BPCE Group and BRED Banque Populaire’s position within the BPCE Group  
The BPCE Group works in all banking and insurance businesses, harnessing its two large cooperative networks 
– Banque Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne – as well as its subsidiaries. 
A description of the BPCE group and its organisation chart, contained in the BPCE’s Universal Registration 
Document and its updates, can be accessed on the BPCE website via the following link: 
https://groupebpce.com/investisseurs/resultats-et-publications/documents-de-reference. 
BRED Banque Populaire is an associate of BPCE. A central body within the meaning of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and a licensed credit institution, BPCE is incorporated in the form of a French SA with 
management and supervisory boards and is 50% owned by Banques Populaires. BRED Banque Populaire held 
a 4.95% stake at 31 December 2020. 
The mission of BPCE is defined in Article 1 of the French law n°2009-715 dated 18 June 2009 (the “BPCE 
Law”). This mission is to facilitate and promote the business activities and the development of the mutual 
banking group composed by the network of Caisses d’Epargne et de Prévoyance and the network of the Banques 
Populaires, the affiliated entities and, more generally, the other entities which are controlled by BPCE. 
As part of its role as central body (organe central), BPCE acts as the central bank for the Affiliated Group and 
the network banks. Its role includes making loans and advances to, and taking deposits of excess cash balances 
of, these entities. BPCE is responsible for raising financing in the interbank and bond markets, and thus 
effectively ensures the asset and liability management role for the group. As an exception, certain affiliates that 
had autonomous financing and asset-liability functions (primarily Natixis and Crédit Foncier de France) 
                                                          
4 Retail market share: 22.2% in household savings and 26.1% in mortgage loans to households (Banque de France Q3-2020). Overall penetration 
rate of 29.6% (rank 2) among retail customers (SOFIA Kantar study, March 2020). For SMEs: 53% (rank 1) total penetration rate (Kantar-
TNS 2019 survey). For professionals: 39.9% (rank 2) penetration rate among professionals and individual entrepreneurs (Pépites CSA 2019-
2020 survey).

--- Page 167 ---
167 
continue to manage certain of these matters, subject to the internal control and risk management policies and 
procedures in place for the group. 
In accordance with the BPCE Law, the “Affiliated Group” may include any French credit institution in which 
BPCE or one or more of the Caisses d’Epargne or the Banques Populaires hold exclusive or joint control. The 
entities in the Affiliated Group include BPCE, Natixis, and the affiliates of the Groupe BPCE that are French 
credit institutions, such as the Issuer. 
The Financial Solidarity Mechanism 
In accordance with the BPCE Law, BPCE established a financial solidarity mechanism to ensure the liquidity 
and solvency of the Caisses d’Epargne and Banques Populaires networks and of all entities in the Affiliated 
Group. The solidarity mechanism is a specific regime applicable to mutual banking groups, pursuant to which 
BPCE and each of the retail network banks is required to support the others (as well as each member of the 
Affiliated Group, in the case of BPCE) in case of temporary cash shortage (liquidity guarantee) or in order to 
prevent and/or cope with severe financial failings (solvency guarantee). Each retail network bank thus 
effectively acts as a guarantor of the obligations of BPCE and of the other retail network banks, and BPCE 
effectively acts as guarantor of the obligations of the retail network banks and the other entities in the Affiliated 
Group. The solidarity mechanism is internal to the group and does not constitute a guarantee that is enforceable 
by third parties, although French or European authorities may require the mechanism to be used if needed.  
BPCE manages the Banque Populaire Network Fund and the Caisse d’Epargne Network Fund and has put in 
place the Mutual Guarantee Fund. 
The Banque Populaire Network Fund was formed by a deposit made by the Banks (€450 million) that was 
booked by BPCE in the form of 10-year term account which is indefinitely renewable. 
The Caisse d’Epargne Network Fund was formed by a deposit made by the Caisses (€450 million) that was 
booked by BPCE in the form of a 10-year term account which is indefinitely renewable. 
The Mutual Guarantee Fund was formed by deposits made by the Banque Populaire banks and the Caisses 
d’Epargne. These deposits were booked by BPCE in the form of a 10-year term accounts which are indefinitely 
renewable. The amount of the deposits by network was €179 million at 30 June 2020.  
The total amount of deposits made to BPCE in respect of the Banque Populaire Network Fund, the Caisse 
d’Epargne Network Fund and the Mutual Guarantee Fund may not be less than 0.15% and may not exceed 0.3% 
of the total risk-weighted assets of the Group. 
Share capital 
BRED Banque Populaire’s current capital amounts to €1,495,866,772.29. It is divided into 142,871,707 
cooperative shares with a par value of €10.47 all fully paid up, and all of which must be in registered form. 
BRED Banque Populaire has not issued financial instruments giving access to its capital by conversion, 
exchange or otherwise. 
None of the 191,978 cooperative stakeholders (figure as at 31 December 2020) holds more than 0.25% of the 
voting rights and, in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 512-5 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and article 34 II of the Issuer’s bylaws, no cooperative stakeholder can hold in the general meeting of 
cooperative stakeholders more than 0.25% of the total voting rights attached to the Issuer’s cooperative shares. 
BRED Banque Populaire’s cooperative shares (parts sociales) are not financial instruments within the meaning 
of Article 211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier and are not admitted to trading on any Regulated

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Market or any other stock exchange. Moreover, any transfer of cooperative shares (parts sociales) of the Issuer 
is only possible after prior approval of its Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration).  
The cooperative stakeholders are not entitled to receive, at any time and in any form, in the event of 
reimbursement of their cooperative shares, a sum exceeding the fraction of fully paid cooperative shares that 
they are holding. In particular, reserves and provisions constituted by the Issuer will not be shared between the 
cooperative stakeholders (in accordance with Article L. 512-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier). 
However, BPCE may, under certain conditions in accordance with Article R. 512-1-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, authorise any of the banques populaires, including the Issuer, to incorporate a fraction 
of their respective reserves in the share capital. 
Moreover, in the event of liquidation, dissolution or removal from the list of Banques Populaires, the surplus 
assets, duly registered after extinction of liabilities and payment of liquidation fees, as well as the repayment of 
capital, will be allocated to the collective guarantee fund instituted by Articles L. 512-8 and L. 512-9 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. BPCE can also allocate part or all of such assets differently in the interest 
of banques populaires.  
In the event of repurchase of corporate shares (parts sociales), the cooperative stakeholders only have right to 
reimbursement of the value of their respective shares, such value being capped at the par value of the shares at 
the time of such repurchase, and without taking into account any right to reserves. 
 
History of BRED 
- 
1917. A law allows the creation of the banques populaires which, with the help of the public authorities, 
will bring a more dedicated financing to small and medium enterprises (SMEs). 
- 
7th October 1919. Foundation of the Banque Populaire Industrielle et Commerciale de la Banlieue Est 
de Paris. 
- 
1920. The Bank has 4 branches, 466 members, 525 clients and 20 employees. 
- 
1928-1929. The creation of the first branches in Seine et Marne changes the local ambition of BRED 
into a regional ambition and implies a modification of the Bank's constitutive documents. The Bank, 
it has once become regional, chooses a fixed capital status. 
- 
1930. Opening of the first Parisian branches: Bastille and Gambetta. 
- 
1935. The Bank is badly affected by the world economic crisis. The capital must be reduced. Mr Pierre 
Boissou is appointed as Chairman. In 1940, Pierre Boissou becomes CEO and takes up the 
management of the bank, by encouraging initiatives, conquests and innovation. 
- 
1942. The Banque Populaire Industrielle et Commerciale de la Région Est de Paris becomes in June 
1942 the Banque Régionale d’Escompte et de Dépôts (BRED). 
- 
1945-1951. The expansion of the Bank goes on with the opening of the Boulogne branch (first branch 
located in the western part of Paris), the implantation in Le Havre in 1948 and the development of its 
presence in Seine et Marne. 
- 
1960-1980. BRED actively increases its deposits: more than 80 branches are opened between 1960 
and 1970. In 1980, BRED has 169 branches, 318,000 clients and 84,660 members.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
- 
1980-1990. The decade is marked by the creation of several specialised subsidiaries or activities: 1982 
PREPAR, 1988 a trading floor, and by the development in nonmetropolitan territories such as La 
Réunion in 1985, Guadeloupe in 1986 and Martinique in 1990. 
- 
1990-1997. BRED does not escape the general crisis which led to a worsening of bank risks and an 
asset write-down, particularly in the real estate sector. BRED continues however to innovate with the 
creation in 1993 of the first “Phone Bank” in France which becomes “BRED Direct” in 1995. In 1995 
is also created one of the very first internet bank. 
- 
1997-2003. BRED launches the “Orion” Project. The objective is the integration of the whole group’s 
distribution network distribution capabilities and infrastructure. The branches network kept growing, 
specifically with proximity branches and specialised advising centers. 
- 
2004. BRED launches the “Hermes” Project which aims to treat optimally client requests, from all 
possible entry/contact channels. In 2004 is also marked by the integration of the credit companies 
bought from the Agence Française de Développement : SOFIDER, SODEMA, SODEGA and 
SOFIDEG. 
- 
2005. BRED buys a 35% stake in the Banque Calédonienne d’Investissement. 
- 
2007. BRED acquires a controlling interest in BCI Mer Rouge (bank from Djibouti), acquires interest 
in SOCREDO (overseas Bank located in French Polynesia). BRED increases its participation up to 
49.9% in BCI and creates a new bank in Vanuatu, BRED Vanuatu. 
- 
2008. Signature of a Memorandum of Understanding between Banque pour le Commerce Extérieur 
Laos (BCEL) and Cofibred, the representative of Bred Banque Populaire, in order to establish a French 
Lao bank. 
- 
2011. BRED buys a 12,35% stake in Acleda Bank Plc. 
- 
2009/2010. Creation of the French Lao Bank. 
- 
2011/2012. Creation of BRED Bank Fiji. 
- 
2016/2017. Creation of BRED Bank Cambodia. 
- 
2018. Opening of a new branch of BRED Vanuatu in Solomon Islands. 
- 
2019. Acquisition of INGEPAR (expertise in the financial and tax advice and ingeneering). 
- 
2021. BRED Banque Populaire joins The Primary Dealer Network which is in process of being created 
in the European Union.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Organisation of the BRED Group 
 
 
100,00%
100,00%
French Subsidiaries - Mainland
Services and Resources Subsidiaries
50,00%
100,00%
91,00%
9,00%
99,99%
99,95%
100,00%
95,00%
100,00%
100,00%
66,00%
99,95%
French Subsidiaries - Overseas Department (DOM)
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
100,00%
99,99%
100,00%
100,00%
Foreign Subsidiaries
99,94%
French Subsidiaries - Overseas Territories (TOM)
12,33%
87,67%
100,00%
49,90%
0,04%
99,96%
Foreign Subsidiaries
100,00%
85,00%
100,00%
51,00%
100,00%
70,00%
(1) Perspectives Entreprises holds 5% of the share capital of Vialink
100,00%
100,00%
(2) Ad hoc companies Ingepar / Fipromer :
PAKOUSI
100,00%
DIDEROT 25, 28, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34
100,00%
LE LAGON
COFIBRED 8 SAS
100,00%
GIRASOL 3
100,00%
GIRASOL 4
MARQUISES INVESTISSEMENT***
Shareholdings
SNC JASPE 5
French Shareholdings and Overseas Territories (TOM)
SNC JASPE 6
34,00%
SNC JASPE 7
15,00%
SNC JASPE 8
SNC JASPE 9
18,50%
SNC JASPE 10
6,71%
IXORA
SNC CASCADE
20,00%
ALCYONE 2014
Foreign Shareholdings
10,00%
50,00%
12,25%
7,49%
** company with a subsidiary in the Solomon Islands
*** companies whose set-ups are scheduled to be wound up and should be liquidated
**** company in run-off management
Last update: March 2021
ACLEDA BANK
ADVISO PARTNERS
NEWTON 
IMMOBILIER***
COFIBRED
PERSPECTIVES 
ENTREPRISES
NEWTON GESTION***
BRD CAMBODIA
NJR INVEST
EPBF
IRR
AURORA
I2F NC
Sociétés ad hoc INGEPAR 
(2)
SPIG
INVESTMENT - FINANCE
BANKS AND CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
French Subsidiaries
ASSET MANAGEMENTS AND INSURANCES
INGEPAR
SBE
Asset Management on behalf of third 
parties Subsidiaries
PROMEPAR ASSET 
MANAGEMENT
BRED GESTION
OTHER SERVICES
Miscellanous
CLICK & TRUST****
VIALINK 
(1)
BRED IT
ADAXTRA CAPITAL 
BIC-BRED
COFIBRED 6
FONCIERE DU VANUATU
BRD LAOS
PREPAR COURTAGE
SOREDOM (ex-SOFIAG)
BRD CHINA****
Insurance Subsidiaries
PREPAR IARD
PREPAR VIE
Life Insurance Subsidiaries
COFEG
I2F PF
BIC-BRED SUISSE
BRED BANK CAMBODIA
BANQUE SOCREDO
SOCAMA BRED
BCEL
BCI NC
SOFIDER
BRED COFILEASE
BRED GESTION
BRED VANUATU**
BCI MER ROUGE
BRED BANK FIJI
BANQUE FRANCO-LAO

--- Page 171 ---
171 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The Issuer published the following press release on 3 September 2021: 
“BRED GROUP SHOWS POSITIVE GROWTH IN ALL ITS ACTIVITIES 
BRED Group continues growth in France and internationally. Its financial solidity and the relevance of 
its “banking without distance” model ensure that it fully supports the economic recovery. 
Commercial banking France and the capital markets division continue their strong momentum 
In the first half of the year, commercial banking France once again confirmed its very strong momentum, with 
revenues up 7% compared with the first half of 2020, after a cumulative increase of 45% over the past eight 
years. This growth was driven by changes in savings deposits and loan outstandings, the increase in market 
share and better customer equipment, which strongly offset the effects of lower margins. Outstanding customer 
loans increased by 16.7% and deposits by 8.1% compared with the first half of 2020. 
These results were made possible by the intensification of the overall close relationship in each of the customer 
segments in France. 
Branches fully dedicated to advisory 
This trend in the network is the result of ongoing investments in branches and digital tools, as well as the 
training of its advisors, which are wholly dedicated to customer advisory services. 
In 2020, BRED Group rolled out a branch model fully dedicated to advisory. This new organisation allows our 
advisors to spend more time on their customers’ projects. Customers choose their methods of interaction: 
telephone, video or face-to-face at the branch. 
This new organisation has led to a sharp increase in meetings and new relationships, while the attrition rate has 
declined significantly. In addition, the average coverage rate has passed the threshold of 10 products per 
customer, with significant growth in property and casualty and personal protection insurance. The unit-linked 
rate in life insurance inflows increased to reach 58%. 
A leading business partner 
BRED is a major partner for companies of all sizes, SMEs, ISEs, large corporations and institutional investors. 
BRED has strongly supported its corporate clients during the pandemic, both in credit and in advisory services 
(€2.3 billion in government-backed loans since April 2020). 
It provides tailored solutions in flow management, international development and structured financing. 
It is also supported by its trading floor, which posted an excellent performance in the first half, and which is a 
key player in the European money market. It further strengthened its leading position with more than €100 
billion in outstanding negotiable debt securities placed with international investors. 
BRED is also a recognised player in the private debt segment, also through financing incorporating nonfinancial 
criteria (ESG), with more than €1 billion arranged to date on behalf of SMEs and ISEs. 
BRED is one of the five French banks and 39 European banks to have been selected by the European 
Commission as Primary Dealers for the placement of its debt issues under the NextGenerationEU plan. It also 
places the short-term debt (less than one year) of Austria, Ireland, Belgium, the Netherlands and Estonia.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
BRED consolidates its international growth 
BRED has strengthened its international presence and posted revenue growth of around 18% at constant 
exchange rates. It benefited from strong growth in Cambodia and the Fiji Islands, as well as an excellent 
performance in international trade financing in Geneva. 
BRED Group carried out two capital increases to speed its development in Asia-Pacific. A first of USD 35 
million for its subsidiary BRED Bank Cambodia, the leading European commercial bank in Cambodia, a second 
of USD 36.5 million for its subsidiary BRED Bank Fiji, which significantly increased its market share in the 
first half of the year. 
BIC BRED Suisse, its subsidiary specialising in international trade financing, posted a very good performance, 
mainly due to the 19% increase in its client portfolio in one year and the rise in commodity prices. 
Very good half-year results 
NET BANKING INCOME INCREASES FROM 25% TO €764.7m 
COMMERCIAL BANKING FRANCE NBI UP 7% 
INTERNATIONAL BANKING NBI UP 18% (at constant exchange rates) 
COST/INCOME RATIO OF 53.1% 
NET INCOME OF €237m 
EQUITY OF €5.2bn 
BRED Group posted a sharp increase in consolidated net banking income (NBI): +25% to €764.7m. Excluding 
exceptional items, NBI increased by 28.1% to €761.5m. 
Operating expenses increased by 6.7%, reflecting ongoing investments in IT systems and the digitisation of 
processes, the modernisation of the branch network, as well as in international development. Restated for the 
increase in variable remuneration resulting from improved results, operating expenses increased by 2%. 
This led to a 55.2% increase in gross operating income (65.5% excluding exceptional items). 
BRED thus has a cost/income ratio of 53.1%. 
The cost of risk amounted to €54m, down 27%. There was no reversal of provisions on performing loans and 
receivables (phases 1 and 2) in the first half of the year. 
The Group share of net profit for the first half was €237.1m. Excluding exceptional items, it came in at €235.1m. 
Shareholders’ equity amounted to €5.2 billion at 30 June 2021, with an excellent overall solvency ratio of 17%.”

--- Page 173 ---
173 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 12 January 2022 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and BRED Banque Populaire in its capacity as arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement 
also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two 
or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it and may agree to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has

--- Page 174 ---
174 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to legal entities which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:

--- Page 175 ---
175 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any State Securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver the Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to 
the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice substantially to 
the folowing effect: 
“The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the Closing Date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.” 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(d) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time 
to time; or  
(e) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of 
the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time 
to time;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority.  
Investors should note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the 
Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and the Issuers Regulation. Furthermore, where no 
exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the Notes which are initially offered and placed in Italy 
or abroad to professional investors only but in the following year are "systematically" distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided 
under the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial 
instruments for any damages suffered by the purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their 
business or profession. 
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available, “consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and 
other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are “structured products” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation

--- Page 178 ---
178 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of securities within the 
meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of the PRC and the Notes 
have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the People’s Republic of 
China (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau special Administrative Regions of Taiwan) 
except as permitted by the securities laws of the People’s Republic of China. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act, (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
(c) 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction 
that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with 
the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No. 2017/1129. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, 
as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
                                                          
5 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 11(iv) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 11(iv) of Part B below.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures Act (Capital Market 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).]7 
 
 
                                                          
6 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 11(v) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 11(v) of Part B below. 
7 
For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
 
BRED BANQUE POPULAIRE 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): NICH5Q04ADUV9SN3Q390 
Euro 2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] 
 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 January 2022 which received approval number 22-011 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 12 January 2022 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval number n°[●]-[●] from the AMF (the 
“Supplement(s)”)], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] available for viewing at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and copies may be obtained from BRED Banque Populaire, 18, quai de la Rapée, 75604 Paris, France. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
BRED Banque Populaire 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Tranche Number: 
[●]]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
(iii) [Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer 
on [insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) [as from the 
date of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about 40 days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”) of this Tranche]/[as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche].] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details 
of that Series, including the date on which 
the Notes become fungible).] 
 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●]8(one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate (Resettable)] 
[[●] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[As specified in paragraph 18 (Structured Notes 
Provisions)] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]  
10 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
[As specified in paragraph 18 (Structured Notes 
Provisions)] 
                                                          
8 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 184 ---
184 
[Reverse Convertible Notes] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior preferred notes 
 
(ii) Dates of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[decision of the Directoire of the Issuer dated [●] 
[and of [●] [function] dated [●]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE AND/OR (IN THE CASE OF 
STRUCTURED NOTES) REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Subject to the relevant provisions related to 
Structured Noted below] (insert in the case of 
Structured Notes which bear interest at a Fixed 
Interest Rate) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] / [[●] per cent. per annum 
from, and including, [●], to, but excluding [●], and [●] 
per cent. per annum from, and including [●], to, but 
excluding [●]] [Resettable] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [the 
Business Day Convention specified below93] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]10: 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination]/[[●] per 
[●] in nominal amount]/[Rate of Interest x [Specified 
Denomination/nominal amount] x Day Count Fraction 
per [Note of [●] Specified Denomination/[●] in 
nominal amount]] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●] (to be specified in the case of long or short 
first or last coupons) 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual ([ICMA]/[ISDA]/[FBF]) / Actual/365 
– FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
                                                          
9 
Will apply to RMB Notes 
10 Will not apply to RMB Notes

--- Page 185 ---
185 
360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) Resettable: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable 
 
– 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
– 
First Margin: 
[●] +/– [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
Subsequent Margin: 
[●] +/– [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●] / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Determination Date: 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●]] 
 
(vii) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual ([ICMA])) 
 
(viii) [Business Day Convention11 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/other (give details)]] 
 
(ix) [Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent)12 
[●] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) Payments on Non-Business Days 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Subject to the relevant provisions related to 
Structured Noted below] (insert in the case of 
Structured Notes which bear interest at a Fixed 
Interest Rate) 
                                                          
11 Will apply to RMB Notes 
12 Will apply to RMB Notes

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] (Note that this items relates to interest 
period end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 28 relates) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date: 
[●] (not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[FBF Determination/Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest [Accrual] Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
– 
[[SARON] / [SONIA] / 
[TONA] / [Relevant] Screen 
Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or “Reference Banks”] 
[In the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
[€STR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift 
Compound]] 
 
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound]] 
 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean 
/ 
SOFR 
Lookback 
Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay / SOFR Index 
Average]] 
 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)

--- Page 187 ---
187 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
[TONA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA)  
[TONA 
Lookback 
Compound 
/ TONA 
Shift 
Compound]] 
 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SOFR, SONIA 
or TONA)  
[[●] London Banking Days / U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days / TARGET Business Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SOFR, SONIA, 
SARON or TONA)  
[[●] London Banking Days / U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days / TARGET Business Days / 
Tokyo Banking Days / Zurich Banking Day(s)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Interest Accrual Period End 
Dates: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay)] 
 
[Interest Payment Delay: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
[SOFR Index Start: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
[SOFR Index End: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page 
Time13 
[●] 
 
(x) FBF Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de 
détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
                                                          
13 Only applicable if other than EURIBOR

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be 
less than zero.] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
17 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph; or, (a) if applicable 
and in relation to CPI/HICP/US CPI, delete (B) 
below; or (b) if applicable and in relation to U.K. 
RPI or U.K. CPI, delete (A) below.) 
 
[[(A) 
 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] 
 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vii) Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be 
less than zero.] 
 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[●]

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(xii) [Reference month: 
[●]] 
 
(xiii) [Spread: 
[●]] 
 
(xiv) [Multiplier: 
[●]] 
 
(xv) [Change in the US CPI: 
[●]] 
 
[(B) 
 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[U.K. RPI/U.K. CPI] 
 
(ii) Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the [Inflation 
Index Ratio]/[Limited Index Ratio]] 
 
(iii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●] /[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii)  Interest Determination Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(viii) Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to Index 
is impossible or otherwise disrupted:  
Conditions [5(c)(iv)(4)(B) to (D)] apply 
 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)/include any 
other option from the Conditions] 
 
(x) Business Day Convention(s):  
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / 
Floating Rate / Eurodollar][Business Day] 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment to 
which item 28 relates) 
 
(xii) Minimum Indexation Factor:      
[Not Applicable / [●]]] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Indexation Factor:      
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(xiv) Limited Indexation Month(s) or Period 
for calculation of Limited Indexation 
Factor: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Base Index Figure: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) “Index” or “Index Figure”: 
Sub-paragraph [(i)/(ii)/(iii)] of the definition of 
“Index” or “Index Figure” as set out in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(4)(A) shall apply 
 
(xvii) 
Reference Gilt: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Indexation Advisor: 
[●]] 
18 
Structured Notes Provisions 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [[Interest] [and] [Final 
Redemption Amounts] will be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula(e):

--- Page 190 ---
190 
[(in relation to Single Exchange and Multi Exchange 
Index Linked Notes and Futures Linked Notes) 
[specify type of Note] Linked Notes: [Delta One 
Strategy Notes Formula / Delta One Strategy Notes 
with Coupons Formula / Phoenix Formula].  
 
Delta One Strategy Notes Formula 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs)  
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption 
Amount:  
“MinPerf” means [insert the minimum performance 
indication] 
“n” means [insert the number] 
“Observation Dates Set(i)” means [insert the dates 
set, starting from the Obersvation Date t(0)] 
“Valuation Date[s]” means [inser the date(s)] 
“Underlying(i)” means each underlying appearing in 
the table below, with the corresponding Type(i): 
i 
Underlying(i) 
Type(i) 
1 
[●] 
[1/-1] 
… 
[●] 
[1/-1] 
 
Delta One Strategy Notes with Coupons 
Formula 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs)  
Elements for calculation of the interest amounts on 
the Notes: See item [14/15] above for further details. 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption 
Amount:  
“MinPerf” means [insert the minimum performance 
indication] 
“n” means [insert the number] 
“Observation Dates Set(i)” means [insert the dates 
set, starting from the Obersvation Date t(0)] 
“Valuation Date[s]” means [inser the date(s)] 
“Underlying(i)” means each underlying appearing in 
the table below, with the corresponding Type(i): 
i 
Underlying(i) 
Type(i) 
1 
[●] 
[1/-1] 
… 
[●] 
[1/-1] 
 
 
 
 
Phoenix 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs)  
For the payment of the Coupon(t): 
“Payment Date” means [insert the date].  
“Selection of Underlyings” means [specify the 
composition of the selection of Underlyings]. 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon(t):  
“Coupon1(t)” means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
“Coupon2(t)” means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
“H(t)” [means [insert number]% / Not Applicable].  
“BasketPerf1(t)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
“Observation Dates Set” means [insert the dates set] 
“Valuation Date[s]” means [inser the date(s)] 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Evenet amount:  
“R(t)” [means [insert number]%]/[is Not 
Applicable].  
“BasketPerf2(t)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
“Coupon3(t)” means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
“H2(t)” [means [insert number]%]/[is Not 
Applicable].  
“BasketPerf3(t)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption 
Amount:  
“Coupon4” means [insert applicable interest rate].  
“Coupon5” means [insert applicable interest rate].  
“H3” [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
“G” means [insert number]%.  
“G5” means [insert number]%.  
“Cap” [means [insert number]%] [is Not 
Applicable].  
“Cap5” [means [insert number]%] [is Not 
Applicable].  
“Floor” means [insert number]%.  
“Floor5” means [insert number]%.  
“K” means [insert number]%.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
“K5” means [insert number]%.  
“B” [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
“BasketPerf4(T)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
“BasketPerf5(T)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
“BasketPerf6(T)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
“BasketPerf7(T)” means [insert Local 
Performance/Average Performance].  
 
Memory Effect 
[Applicable/Note Applicable] 
 
Significant Alteration Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Pro Rata Temporis Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable if the 
Significant Alteration Event is Applicable) 
OTHER PROVISIONS RELATING TO STRUCTURED NOTES 
19 
Provisions applicable to Index Linked Notes 
(single index): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type: 
[[Single/Multi] Exchange Index Linked Notes] 
(ii) 
Index: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Index Calculation Agent: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a)(B) / 1(a)(C) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(vii) 
Initial Level: 
[specify / Strike Level / Average Level / Minimum 
Level / Maximum Level (see definition in Condition 
1(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes)] 
(viii) 
Barrier Level: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(ix) 
Final Level: 
[As defined in Condition 1(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes/Average 
Level/Minimum 
Level/Maximum 
Level 
(see 
definition in Condition 1(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes)] 
(x) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify]

--- Page 193 ---
193 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xi) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Index Level: 
[specify] 
(xiii) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / see definition in Condition 1(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / see definition in Condition 1(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiv) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
For purposes of the Initial Level: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Level: specify ] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xvii) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: specify / See 
definition in Condition 1 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes] 
(xviii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a)(B)/1(a)(C) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xix) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xx) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxi) and 
(xxii) below) 
(xxi) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is[]  
(xxii) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
(xxiii) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxvi) 
Early Redemption 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
20 
Provisions applicable to Futures Linked Notes 
(single futures contract): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Futures Contract: 
[specify]  
(ii) 
Futures Contract Underlying: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Futures Contract Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Initial Price: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Final Price 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify / Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(x) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(e)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Futures Contract Price: 
[Specify] 
(xi) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Interest 
Rate: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 2(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day:  
[specify/See definition in Condition 2(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 2(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xii) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xiii) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable /

--- Page 197 ---
197 
For purposes of the Initial Price: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Dates][and/or 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Observation Dates]: specify the number 
of days / See definition in Condition 2 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvii) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xviii) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xx) and 
(xxi) below) 
(xix) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xx) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]  
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed: 
[●]

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] 
22 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
 
23 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination] /  
[In case of Inflation Linked Notes, to be determined 
in accordance with Condition 6(g)(ii)] 
24 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating 
to the Final Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP/US CPI/U.K. RPI/U.K. CPI] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(g)(ii) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[[CPI/HICP/US CPI] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●])]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Inflation Index ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
25 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event 
(Condition 6(h)(i)), a Gross-Up Event 
(Condition 
6(h)(ii)), 
for 
Illegality 
(Condition 6(k)) or for Index reasons 
(Condition 6(g)(ii)): 
[Not Applicable] / [●]  
 
(ii) Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
permitted on days others than Interest 
Payment Dates (Condition 6(h)): 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (Materialised 
Bearer Notes only) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
26 
Reverse Convertibe Notes Redemption 
Provisions 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
Elements of the calculation formula for the 
Redemption Price:  
“U” means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
an Underlying set]  
[“Reference Value” means [insert number]] 
“K” means [[insert number]%/[insert number]% of 
the Reference Value] 
[“Floor” means [insert number]%] 
[“Activation Threshold” means [[insert number]% / 
[[insert number]% of the Reference Value]] 
[“Down-In-Step” means [Include/Exclude]] 
[“Q” means [[insert number]% / [[insert number]% 
of the Reference Value]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and may 
only be issued outside France) [Delete as 
appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether 
[Bearer form (au porteur) /Registered form (au 
nominatif)]] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and address] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable: Temporary Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes on [●] (the “Exchange Date”), being 
40 days after the Issue Date subject to postponement 
as provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes). 
28 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which item 16(vi) relates] 
29 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes).

--- Page 200 ---
200 
30 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: amount 
of each instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/give details] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
31 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
[annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
32 
Purchase in accordance with applicable 
French laws and regulations: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
33 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
[annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
34 
[Meeting and Voting Provisions (Condition 
11): 
(if no masse applies, delete this paragraph) 
[[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall apply] (Note 
that: Condition 11(c) (Contractual Masse) is only 
applicable in respect of any Tranche of Notes issued 
outside France or with a denomination of, or which 
can only be traded in amounts of, at least €100,000 or 
its equivalent.) 
[If Condition 11(b) (Full Masse) or (c) (Contractual 
Masse) applies, insert below details of initial 
Representative and alternate Representative and 
remuneration, if any: 
Name and address of the initial Representative: 
 [●] 
 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
 [●] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●].]]] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of BRED Banque Populaire 
Duly represented by: 
............................................

--- Page 201 ---
201 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Paris/specify other relevant regulated 
market or stock exchange] with effect from [the Issue 
Date/[●]].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify other 
relevant regulated market or stock exchange]] with 
effect from [the Issue Date/[●]].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable: The Notes to be issued 
have been rated: 
[[S&P]: [●]] 
[[Moody’s]: [●] 
[[Fitch]: [●]] 
[[other]: [●]] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.]14 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and [has/have] not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.] 
[However, certain of [it/their respective] affiliates are 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
                                                          
14  It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which will issue the 
credit ratings, and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. It is recommended 
that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be obtained.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk). Such affiliates endorse the ratings of 
[insert credit rating agency/ies] for use for regulatory 
purposes in the European Union.]]  
 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating agency] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.]  
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider”] 
3 
[NOTIFICATION 
 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme 
and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host 
Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement:) 
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]

--- Page 203 ---
203 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
5 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer:] 
[●] 
[([The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used 
for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes/set out other 
reasons for offer as the case may be] – if reasons for offer 
different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
will need to include those reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) [Estimated net proceeds:] 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) [Estimated total expenses:] 
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
(Only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds 
and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where disclosure 
is included at (i) above.)] 
6 
[FIXED RATE NOTES AND RESETTABLE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
7 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR/EUR CMS/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TONA replicate other 
as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge, from [●].] 
8 
[NOTES LINKED TO A BENCHMARK ONLY – BENCHMARK 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) [, or the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”)]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011 (“Benchmark Regulation”) apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]]

--- Page 204 ---
204 
9 
[INFLATION LINKED NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
 
(ii) Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
10 
STRUCTURED NOTES ONLY – INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
[Not Applicable] (If not Structured Notes, delete the subparagraphs below) 
The exercise price or the final reference price 
of the underlying: 
[][Not Applicable] 
An indication where information about the 
past and the future performance of the 
underlying and its volatility can be obtained: 
[] [This information can be obtained for a fee.]/[This 
information can be obtained free of charge.] 
Where the underlying is an index: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(a) 
the name of the index: 
[Not Applicable][] 
(b) 
if 
the 
index 
is 
not 
composed by the Issuer, 
where information about 
the index can be obtained: 
[Not Applicable][] 
11 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] [until the Assimilation Date, [●] thereafter] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] [until the Assimilation Date, [●] thereafter] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment15 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
12 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
                                                          
15 If the Notes are denominated in Euro and Euroclear France acts as Central Depositary, “delivery against payment” will apply. If the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro and Euroclear France acts as Central Depositary, “delivery free of payment” will apply. Otherwise, 
determination to be made on a case-by-case basis.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
(a) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and names of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
 
(b) Stabilising Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” on the cover page of 
the Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of 
the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of 
one or more assets which are not directly purchased by 
the retail investor.) 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors” on the cover page of the 
Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of the 
above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.)

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(vi) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 207 ---
207 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
AMF approval and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
Application has been made for approval of this Base Prospectus to the AMF in France in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Application may also be made at the Issuer’s request for the notification of certificate of 
approval to any other competent authority of any other EEA State. Application has been made to list and admit 
the Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to trading on Euronext Paris. 
2 
Consents, Approvals and authorisations in connection with the Programme 
Issues of Notes have been authorised by the resolutions of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of 
the Issuer dated 4 October 2021 to issue up to Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and 
delegated, for a period of one year, to the Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer all powers to issue Notes up to 
a maximum amount of Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and to determine their terms 
and conditions.  
3 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position or financial performance 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change nor any development 
reasonably likely to involve a significant change, that is material in the context of the issue of the Notes, in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2021.  
4 
Trend information 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020.   
5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer. 
6 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
 At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest which are material to the issue of the Notes 
between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors to the Issuer and their private interest and/or their 
other duties.  
7 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into otherwise than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the BRED Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
8 
Limitations under United States income tax laws 
Each Definitive Bearer Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
9 
Settlement, Clearance and Trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in charge 
of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
10 Availability of documents 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when 
published, be available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection (and, may be obtained free of charge) at the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the 
Paying Agents: 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market 
in the EEA; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(iv) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any part 
of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus in respect of each issue of Notes. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be available, 
on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) and/or on the website of the Issuer 
(www.bred.fr): 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
11 Audited and unaudited financial information 
The accounts of the Issuer are published on an annual basis. Copies of the audited non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer and of the audited consolidated financial statements of BRED Group for the years ended

--- Page 209 ---
209 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents 
during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
12 Securities Act 
The Notes to be issued by the Issuer qualify under Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with US Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes 
of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states 
that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance 
with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
13 Post-issuance information 
In respect of derivatives securities as defined in Article 20.2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
2019/980, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information 
concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the Final Terms will specify what 
information will be reported and where such information can be obtained. 
14 Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer (PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and KPMG SA), have audited and rendered 
an unqualified audit report on the accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and KPMG SA are registered as Statutory Auditors, members of the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre and under the authority of the Haut Conseil 
du Commissariat aux Comptes. The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC). 
15 Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies' Conflicts of Interest 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, to the Issuer’s knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest which 
are material to the issue of Notes under the Programme between the duties of the members of the Board of 
Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer and their private interests and/or their other duties. 
16 Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
17 Yield (Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, as the case may be, an indication of the 
yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date of such Tranche of Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price as the yield to maturity in respect of the

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Fixed Rate Notes, or as the yield until the First Reset Date in respect of Resettable Notes. It will not be an 
indication of future yield. 
18 Information sourced from third parties 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Information in this Base Prospectus that has been sourced by third parties, if any, will be identified 
as such. 
19 Stabilisation 
In connection with any Tranche (as defined in Condition 1(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes “Form, 
Denomination(s), Title, Redenomination and Method of Issue”), one or more of the Dealers may act as a 
stabilising manager. The identity of the stabilising managers will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
References in the next paragraph to “the issue of any Tranche” are to each Tranche in relation to which a 
stabilising manager is appointed. Any such transactions will be carried out in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager(s)) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
20 Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus 
“Banques Populaires” means the 14 Banques Populaires (made up of 12 regional banks, CASDEN Banque 
Populaire and Crédit Coopératif). 
“BFBP” means the Banque Fédérale des Banques Populaires, a French société anonyme the former central 
body of the Groupe Banque Populaire. 
“BPCE” means BPCE, a French société anonyme. 
“Caisses d’Epargne” means the 15 Caisses d’Epargne et de Prévoyance. 
“CNCE” means the Caisse Nationale des Caisses d’Epargne et de Prévoyance, a French société anonyme, the 
former central body of the Groupe Caisse d’Epargne. 
“Combination Transaction” means the contribution by CNCE and BFBP of certain assets and businesses to 
BPCE, and certain related transactions, all of which took place on 31 July 2009. 
“Groupe Banque Populaire” means the consolidated group formed by BFBP, its consolidated subsidiaries and 
associates, the Banques Populaires and certain affiliated entities, in each case prior to the Combination 
Transactions.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
“Groupe BPCE” means Groupe BPCE SA, the Banques Populaires, the Caisses d’Epargne and certain 
affiliated entities. 
“Groupe BPCE SA” means BPCE and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates. 
“Groupe Caisse d’Epargne” means the consolidated group formed by CNCE, its consolidated subsidiaries 
and associates, the Caisses d’Epargne and certain affiliated entities, in each case prior to the Combination 
Transactions. 
21 Forward-looking statements 
Many statements made or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements 
that are not based on historical facts and are not assurances of future results. Many of the forward-looking 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus may be identified by the use of forward-looking words, such as 
“believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “should”, “planned”, “estimate” and “potential”, among others. 
Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, BRED’s actual results and those of the BRED Group could 
differ materially from those expressed or forecast in any forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of 
factors, including those in “Risk Factors” set forth in this Base Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider 
the section “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of some of the risks that should be considered 
in evaluating the offer made hereby. 
All forward-looking statements attributed to BRED or a person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in 
their entirety by this cautionary statement. BRED undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements following their original date of publication, whether as a result of new information 
or subsequent or future events or for any other reason. 
22 Potential Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and their affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and 
in relation to securities issued by any entity of BRED Group. They have or may (i) engage in investment 
banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, financing 
transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with offering of shares 
or other securities issued by any entity of BRED Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other 
companies of Groupe BPCE. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold 
shares or other securities issued by entities of BRED Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealers may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount 
receivable upon redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
23 Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
“EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which 
was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” or “Sterling” are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom references to “$”, “USD” or “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” or “Yen” are to the lawful currency of 
Japan, references to “CHF” or “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation and 
references to “Renminbi” or “RMB” are to the lawful currency of the PRC. References in this Base Prospectus 
to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
24 Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or EUR CMS 
which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and the ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“ICE”). As at the date hereof, (i) the EMMI appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation and (ii) the IBA does not appear on such register. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the 
IBA is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration. The relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
issue of Floating Rate Notes will specify whether the benchmark administrator appears on the register of 
administrator and benchmarks referred to above. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
25 Important Consideration on the Inflation Linked Notes Information 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE, Eurostat, the 
BLS or the ONS, as the case may be, and the INSEE, Eurostat, the BLS or the ONS makes no warranty or 
representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the 
Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are 
determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE, Eurostat, the BLS or the ONS, as the case may be, without 
regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE, Eurostat, the BLS or the ONS, as the case may be, is not 
responsible for or has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the 
Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such 
Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the 
context of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part 
of any such persons to disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not 
confidential). 
26 Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is “www.bred.fr”. The information on such website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
27 Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is NICH5Q04ADUV9SN3Q390.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and that it contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
BRED Banque Populaire 
18, quai de la Rapée 
75012 Paris  
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Olivier Klein 
Chief Executive Officer 
Duly authorised 
on 12 January 2022 
 
  
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 January 2022 under the approval number 22-011 by the 
AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
It is valid until 12 January 2023 and shall be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the 
event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
BRED Banque Populaire 
18, quai de la Rapée 
75012 Paris  
France 
 
Arranger 
BRED Banque Populaire 
18, quai de la Rapée 
75012 Paris  
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation 
Agent 
BRED Banque Populaire 
18, quai de la Rapée 
75012 Paris  
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
KPMG SA 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambette 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
White & Case LLP 
19 Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France