--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Portugal) 
Euro 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Base Prospectus 
Under this Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. (the “Issuer” or “BCR”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers (as defined 
below), subject to applicable legal and regulatory central bank and securities authority requirements. 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a prospectus within the meaning of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
“CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg Act, 
dated 16 July 2019, on prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (as amended, the 
“Luxembourg Prospectus Law”) to approve this document as a base prospectus in relation to the Issuer. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should neither 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor of the 
quality of the Notes. By approving a base prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the 
economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the 
provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Bourse de Luxembourg, which is the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Bourse de Luxembourg is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, 
as amended (“MiFID II”). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 7 September 
2024 in relation to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or are offered to the public in the EEA, other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. If any

--- Page 2 ---
2 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus arises which may affect the assessment of the Notes, the Issuer will prepare and publish 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus without undue delay, in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer’s obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus will cease to apply with the 
admission to trading of the Notes on the Bourse de Luxembourg and, at the latest, upon expiry of the 
validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural), integrated in and held 
through Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”), as operator of the Portuguese central securities clearing system (Central 
de Valores Mobiliários or “CVM”), and are nominative (nominativas), as Interbolsa can, at the request of 
the Issuer, ask the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the 
Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer. CVM currently has links in place with Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) through accounts held by 
Euroclear and Clearstream with the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa (as described below). 
The Notes will benefit from security granted by the Issuer and Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. 
(the “Parent” or the “Guarantor”) in the terms set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes. In 
particular, investors should also see the section “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents – Security 
Agreement”. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, or to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
The Notes have not and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S”) unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see section entitled 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt rating of “Baa1” with a positive outlook from Moody's 
Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”) and “A-“ with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch”). Moody's and Fitch are established in the European Union (the "EU") and are registered 
or certified under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit agencies (the "CRA Regulation") and are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Market Association 
(“ESMA”) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 3 ---
3 
and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to any Notes already issued. Any ratings 
ascribed to the Notes reflect only the views of Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & 
Poor’s” or “S&P”), Fitch or any other credit rating agency of equal repute, in the opinion of the 
Intercreditor Agent (together with Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s, the “Rating Agencies”), as applicable. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency.  
A brief explanation of the meanings of these ratings is set out in section “General Information”. 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. For a discussion of the most relevant risks affecting 
the Issuer and the Notes, see “Risk Factors”. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes and should see, in particular, the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
and “Taxation” sections of this Base Prospectus in respect of procedures to be followed to receive 
payments under the Notes. Noteholders are required to take affirmative action as described herein in 
order to receive payments on the Notes free from Portuguese withholding tax. Noteholders must rely on 
the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payments under the Notes. 
Any amounts, such as interest, payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be 
included in the relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) as to whether or not the relevant administrator of 
the benchmark is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Articles 36 and 29(2) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
caption entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016, as amended 
(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, where such restriction applies, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”), for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared or will be available and, therefore, offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. If a key information document has been prepared and made available by the 
Issuer in respect of any Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify that a key information document has 
been made available. 
UK PRIIPs – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a caption entitled

--- Page 4 ---
4 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565, 
as amended (the “Regulation 2017/565”) as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended (the 
“Regulation 600/2014”), as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, where such restriction applies, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA, as amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”), for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared or will be available and, therefore, offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. If a key information document has been prepared and made available by 
the Issuer in respect of any Notes, the relevant Final Terms will specify that a key information document 
has been made available. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” that 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels are appropriate for 
distribution of the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, of 7 April 2016 (the 
“MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise, neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates is 
deemed to be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a caption entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels are 
appropriate for distribution of the Notes. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market

--- Page 5 ---
5 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing or any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Banco Comercial Português (Millennium 
investment banking) 
Bankinter 
Barclays 
BBVA 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
novobanco 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale 
The date of the Base Prospectus is 7 September 2023.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer and the Parent accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the Issuer’s and the Parent’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see section “Information Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, calculated as 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. The maximum aggregate principal amount of 
Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to 
time. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and 
together the “Dealers”), whose appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being 
(or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such 
Notes. 
If a public offer of Notes is so specified in the Final Terms in respect to any issue of Notes, each of the 
Issuer and the Parent consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a public offer of the 
Notes in Luxembourg and in Portugal by any of the Dealers of the Programme or by any financial 
intermediary authorised to make such offer under MiFID II (together with the Dealers, the “Managers” 
and each a “Manager”) and accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus, including with 
respect to the subsequent resale or final placement of securities by any Manager which was given consent 
to use this Base Prospectus.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring during the 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from a Manager will do so, and offers and sales 
of the Notes to an investor by a Manager will be made, in accordance with any terms and other 
arrangements in place between such Manager and such investor including price, allocation, settlement

--- Page 7 ---
7 
arrangements and any expenses or taxes to be charged to the investor (the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Public Offer”). The investor must look to the offeror at the time of such offer for the provision of 
such information and the offeror will be responsible for such information. The Terms and Conditions of 
the Public Offer shall be published by that offeror on its website at the relevant time. 
The Issuer and the Parent will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than the 
Managers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer and a 
statement that the use of the Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and with the relevant 
conditions shall be disclosed by that Manager on its website at the relevant time. The Issuer, the Parent 
or any of the other Managers have no responsibility or liability for such information. Any new 
information with respect to the Managers unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus 
will be published by that offeror on its website at the relevant time. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Notes Common Representative have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the 
Notes Common Representative whatsoever for contents of this Base Prospectus, namely as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Notes 
Common Representative accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts responsibility for any other statement, made or purported to be made by 
a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. Each Dealer 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred 
above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement and shall 
not be responsible for, or for investigating, any matter which is the subject of any statement, 
representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer contained in the Notes or any other agreement or 
document relating to the Notes, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, 
validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Parent to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes or any information supplied by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or the Parent or any of the Dealers.  
None of the Issuer, the Parent, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Security Agent, the Intercreditor Agent, the 
Notes Common Representative or the other parties accept responsibility towards investors for the 
regulatory treatment of their investment in the Notes (including (but not limited to) whether any

--- Page 8 ---
8 
transaction or transactions pursuant to which Notes are issued from time to time is, or will be, regarded 
as constituting a “securitisation” for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017, as amended, by any regulatory authority in any 
jurisdiction. If the regulatory treatment of an investment in the Notes is relevant to any investor’s decision 
as to whether to invest, the investor should make its own determination as to such treatment and for this 
purpose seek professional advice and consult its regulator.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Parent or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness and of 
the Issuer and the Parent. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Parent or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms 
which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public 
will be filed with the CSSF. The Final Terms will also be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com/) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/corporate-debt/emtn-and-debt-issues/emtn-euro-medium-term-
note-programme.  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplement to the Base Prospectus, 
and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently, 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any 
adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer, the Parent or Brisa – Auto-Estradas 
de Portugal, S.A. (“Brisa”) since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently, supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer, the Parent or Brisa during the life of the Programme or to advise 
any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia,

--- Page 9 ---
9 
the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
thoroughly understand the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The past performance of Notes or other securities issued by the Issuer may not be a reliable guide to 
future performance of the Notes. The Notes may fall as well as rise in value. Income or gains from Notes 
may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and taxation arrangements. The Programme provides 
that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Parent, the Notes Common Representative, the Dealers or any of them

--- Page 10 ---
10 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or of any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Parent.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Parent and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Parent or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes outside Luxembourg or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and on 
the offering and sale of Notes. There are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and/or 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Japan, the UK, Portugal, France, Ireland, Singapore, Belgium, 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors and Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. In particular, 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. persons (see section “Subscription and Sale”). 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer, managers or financial intermediaries, as the case may be. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).  
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, a stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public

--- Page 11 ---
11 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, will be 
carried out in compliance with all applicable laws and may be ended at any time, but no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes or 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allocation must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as defined herein) under the Programme, the 
Issuer has obtained a Second Party Opinion from Standard & Poor’s on its Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework (each as defined in the Risk Factor: “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”). Also, in 
connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuer will engage one or more External 
Verifier(s), as defined in the terms and conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”), to 
carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report (as defined 
in the Conditions) in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Notes pursuant to (and as defined in) Condition 
9.3. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the Second Party Opinion, the Sustainability 
Confirmation Statement(s), including the respective Assurance Report(s) (as defined in the Conditions), if 
and when prepared, will be accessible through the Issuer’s website (https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/). 
However, any information found on, or accessible through the Issuer’s website mentioned above, and the 
information in such reports or the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework or the Second Party Opinion 
is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon when making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation 
is given by the Issuer or any other member of the Brisa Group or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in 
connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, 
report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification and 
any other document related thereto is only current as at the date on which it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or 
certification and any other document related thereto and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. 
In the event that the Notes become listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Parent or 
any Dealer that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to

--- Page 12 ---
12 
another, nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of the Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to (i) “euro”, “EUR”, “Euro” and “€” refer to the single currency of 
certain Member States of the EU; (ii) “Sterling” and “£” are to pounds sterling, the lawful currency of the 
UK; and (iii) “U.S.” or “United States” refer to the United States of America, its territories and possessions. 
Certain figures in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, amounts 
shown as totals in tables or elsewhere may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede 
them. In respect of information in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party, the Issuer and the 
Parent confirm that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as each of the Issuer 
and/or the Parent is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 14 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................ 24 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................. 53 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER, THE PARENT AND THE BRISA GROUP ...................................................................... 58 
OVERVIEW OF CERTAIN TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ...................................................................................... 108 
FORM OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................................................. 146 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 149 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 202 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CONCESSION CONTRACT ............................................................................................... 268 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 278 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 286 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 294

--- Page 14 ---
14 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended (the “Regulation 
2019/980”). 
The Programme is a Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme under which the Issuer may, 
from time to time, issue Notes in accordance with and subject to all applicable laws and regulations and 
denominated in Euro or in any other currencies as may be set forth in the relevant Final Terms. The 
applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) prior to the 
issue of the Notes. An individual issue-specific summary, compliant with Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, will be attached to the Final Terms of the relevant Notes which are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market and/or are offered to the public in the EEA, in accordance with Article 8(9) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Form of Final Terms” and in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meaning in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. (“BCR” or the 
“Issuer”). 
The commercial name of the Issuer is BCR. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
529900O4HQ501ZCXL896. 
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. 
All of these are set out under “Risk Factors”.  
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers:  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (Millennium

--- Page 15 ---
15 
investment banking) 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Bankinter, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A.  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Société Générale 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A. London Branch or any successor Paying 
Agent(s), in each case together with additional Paying 
Agent(s), appointed from time to time by the Issuer in 
Connection with the Notes and under the applicable 
Paying Agency Agreement. 
Portuguese Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe Plc or any successor Paying Agent(s), in 
each case together with additional Paying Agent(s), 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer in Connection 
with the Notes and under the applicable Paying Agency 
Agreement. 
Intercreditor Agent: 
Caixa-Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Parent and Guarantor:  
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. 
Programme Size: 
Up to Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Dealer 
Agreement) aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Security: 
The Notes will benefit from a security package granted or 
promised to be granted by the Issuer and the Parent 
under the terms of a security agreement (the “Security 
Agreement”) in favour and for the benefit of a security 
agent (the “Security Agent”), on behalf of the holders of 
the Notes (the “Noteholders”) (represented by the Notes 
Common Representative) and other creditors of the 
Issuer (the “Finance Parties”). In respect of the Parent, 
such security package includes, inter alia, a first ranking 
pledge over all and each of the Issuer’s shares issued 
prior to 22 December 2010 (including the corresponding 
rights attached to those shares) which have been, prior 
to the date of this Base Prospectus, acquired by the 
Parent. Furthermore, the Parent also promises to grant, 
at its own expense, in favour and for the benefit of the 
Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance Parties, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders, 
other than the European Investment Bank) and the 
European Investment Bank, a first ranking pledge over all 
and each of the shares issued by the Issuer after 22 
December 2010 (including the corresponding rights 
attached to those shares) as security for the entire and 
timely performance of all and each of the Issuer’s 
payment obligations and liabilities, both present and 
future, under certain finance documents. 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they are 
unlisted and/or will not be admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange. 
Currencies: 
Notes can only be issued in such currencies as Interbolsa 
may from time to time accept. For the time being, 
Interbolsa will only settle and clear Notes denominated

--- Page 17 ---
17 
in Euro, U.S. dollars, Sterling, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Australian dollars and Canadian dollars.  
Issue Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency 
in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply 
will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank, securities 
authority (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. Notes will not be issued with a maturity of less 
than 398 (three hundred and ninety eight) days. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, 
par, as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be represented in dematerialised book-
entry form (forma escritural) and will be nominative 
(nominativas), integrated in and held through Interbolsa 
– Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. 
(“Interbolsa”), as operator of the CVM. The Notes will be 
held through the accounts of Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa. CVM currently has links in place with 
Euroclear and Clearstream through accounts held by the 
latter two with the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. The 
form of the Notes is described more comprehensively in 
section “Form of the Notes”. The terms and conditions of 
each Series of Notes shall be the Conditions set out in this 
Base Prospectus, as supplemented and/or completed by 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
The appropriate ISIN and Common Code for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Interbolsa or by Euroclear 
/ Clearstream will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Notes may bear interest at a fixed rate (the “Fixed Rate 
Notes”). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Notes may bear interest at a floating rate (the “Floating 
Rate Notes”). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Notes may be non-interest bearing (the “Zero Coupon 
Notes”). 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
The Notes may be linked to sustainability performance 
targets concerning certain key performance indicators 
identified by the Issuer in the Conditions (the 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes”). 
A Step Up Event is linked to the failure of the Issuer to 
achieve certain sustainability performance targets in 
relation to key performance indicators in any relevant 
Target Observation Year(s) (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), or the failure of the Issuer to report on such 
key performance indicators by the relevant Key 
Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification 
Deadline(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify whether and in which 
circumstances a Step Up Event shall occur and the 
applicable Step Up Margin(s). 
A Step Down Event is linked to the achievement by the 
Issuer of certain sustainability performance targets in 
relation to key performance indicators in any relevant 
Target Observation Year(s) (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), and the Issuer reporting on such key 
performance indicators by the relevant Key Performance 
Indicator Event/Condition Notification Deadline(s) (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). The relevant Final 
Terms shall specify whether and in which circumstances

--- Page 19 ---
19 
a Step Down Event shall occur and the applicable Step 
Down Margin(s). 
A Redemption Premium Event is linked to the failure of 
the Issuer to achieve certain sustainability performance 
targets in relation to key performance indicators in the 
relevant Target Observation Year (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), or the failure of the Issuer to 
report on such key performance indicators by the 
relevant Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition 
Notification Deadline(s) (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether 
and in which circumstances a Redemption Premium 
Event shall occur and the applicable Redemption 
Premium Amount. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such rate of 
interest may be substituted (subject to certain 
conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with the 
consequent amendment(s) to the terms of the 
Conditions as may be required and the application of an 
adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or 
zero)) as described in Condition 7.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement). 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In case of Floating Rate Notes where the Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
who may determine, or (if such Independent Adviser fails 
to make any such determination or the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser) the Issuer may 
determine, a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, as further 
described in Condition 7.10 (Benchmark Replacement). 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at par on the 
Notes Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions) and Condition 11 
(Payments). 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency 
and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
that will be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the EEA in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation shall be Euro 1,000, or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency. 
Redenomination of Notes: 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes, if the country of the 
currency set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Currency”) becomes or announces its 
intention to become a Member State of the European 
Communities which adopts the Euro as its lawful 
currency, the Notes may be redenominated in Euro. 
Yield: 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes will be calculated on 
the basis of the relevant issue price of the Notes at the 
relevant issue date. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on

--- Page 21 ---
21 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed in Portugal, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law or regulation. In 
such event, the Issuer shall not be required to pay the 
Noteholders 
such 
additional 
amounts 
and 
the 
Noteholders shall receive the net amounts after such 
withholding or deduction, as required by law. 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default 
provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
The 
Notes 
are 
senior, 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) pari passu with all other present and future senior, 
unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer 
under or pursuant to the Security Agreement, without 
any preference among such obligations by reason of the 
date of incurrence or otherwise.  
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer to meet part of its general financing 
requirements or to meet any other purpose defined in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are governed by 
Portuguese law.  
Selling and Transferability Restrictions: 
The Issuer, the Parent and the Dealers have agreed 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and 
on the distribution of offering materials, in the United 
States, the UK, Japan, Portugal, France, Ireland, 
Singapore, Belgium, Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors and Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. 
No Noteholder will be able to transfer the Notes, or any 
interest therein, except in accordance with Portuguese

--- Page 22 ---
22 
law and regulations. Notes may only be transferred in 
accordance with the applicable procedures established 
by the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores 
Mobiliários), enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99 of 13 
November 1999, as amended (the “Portuguese 
Securities Code”) (or under any legislation which may 
replace or complement it in this respect from time to 
time), and the regulations issued by the Comissão do 
Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the Portuguese 
Securities Market Commission, the “CMVM”) or 
Interbolsa, as the case may be, and the relevant Affiliate 
Members of Interbolsa through which the Notes are 
held, the Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus 
Delegated Regulations. 
Clearing of the Notes: 
Notes will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa 
as operator of the CVM. The appropriate ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Interbolsa will be specified 
in the Final Terms.  
The relevant Final Terms shall specify if any other 
clearing system has accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance, together with any further appropriate 
information. 
Credit Rating: 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt rating of 
“Baa1” from Moody’s, with a positive outlook, and “A-
“from Fitch, with a stable outlook.  
Series of Notes to be issued under this Euro 
3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme may 
be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, 
such credit rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
credit rating assigned to the Programme or other Notes 
issued under the Programme.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Representative of the Noteholders: 
The Notes common representative is António Frutuoso 
de Melo e Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP R.L. 
(the “Notes Common Representative”) or any successor 
common representative appointed by a meeting of 
holders of Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may significantly affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the ability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may be jeopardised by other causes which the Issuer may not consider 
significant risks based on the information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Emerging risks and uncertainties, including risks that are not known to the Issuer at present or 
that the Issuer currently deems immaterial, may arise or become material in the future, which could lead 
to a decline in the value of the Notes and a loss of part or all of the investment made by any Noteholder.  
Consequently, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are those that the Issuer views as material, 
specific and relevant for an investor to make an informed decision and are supported by the content of 
this Base Prospectus, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones that may be faced.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
or incorporated by reference herein, in conjunction with each of the risk factors described below, and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors have been organised into the following categories:  
• 
Strategic/Business risks relating to the Issuer; 
• 
Operational risks relating to the Issuer; 
• 
Compliance risks relating to the Issuer;  
• 
Financial risks relating to the Issuer;  
• 
Risks relating to the Parent; 
• 
Risks relating to the market; and 
• 
Risks relating to the Notes and the Security. 
Within each category, the most material risks, according to the Issuer’s assessment, are set out first. 
The Issuer has assessed the relative materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The order of the categories does not 
imply that any category of risk is more material than any other category.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
STRATEGIC/BUSINESS RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks associated with the definition and implementation of 
the strategy and which may significantly influence the Issuer’s competitive position. 
The amount of toll revenues from the motorways operated by the Issuer is a key component of the 
Issuer’s business and is dependent on the volume of motorway traffic 
The amount of toll revenues from the motorways operated by the Issuer is a key component of the Issuer’s 
business and is dependent, among other factors, on the number of paying vehicles using the motorways, 
tariff rates (including the amount of any tariff rate increases), and the continued fitness of the motorway 
network to bear traffic. 
Traffic volumes and toll revenues are affected, directly and indirectly, by a number of factors, including 
the quality and proximity of, and travel time on, alternative toll-free roads and alternative toll roads, the 
quality of construction and maintenance of the motorways, economic conditions in or affecting Portugal 
(since all motorways constructed, maintained and operated by the Issuer are located in Portugal), fuel 
prices, environmental regulations (including efforts to restrict motor vehicle usage to control air pollution 
levels) and access by motorists to other means of transportation, including any alternative forms of mass 
transportation that already exist or that may be built. The level of traffic on any given motorway is also 
heavily influenced by its integration with other parts of the national motorway and road network and by 
the fuel prices in force at any given time. 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated environment and its operating results are affected by changes 
to government policy and regulation  
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated environment and its operating results are therefore affected by 
government policy and regulation. The main instrument regulating the Issuer’s activities is the concession 
granted to the Issuer by the Portuguese State for the purpose of constructing, maintaining and operating 
motorways on a toll collection basis, pursuant to the Concession Contract (as defined under section 
“Description of The Concession Contract”) which sets out, among other details, the methodology for 
calculating the tolls that the Issuer can charge for use of the motorways and the construction projects 
that the Issuer must undertake. Additionally, the Concession Contract gives public authorities the power 
to oversee certain aspects of the Issuer’s operations. For further information, see section “Description of 
The Concession Contract”. 
In addition, the Concession Contract is an administrative contract and therefore the Grantor (as defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes) has, under certain circumstances, the power to unilaterally introduce 
variations thereto. However, the Grantor has the obligation to maintain the object of the Concession 
Contract and to restore the financial balance of the Main Concession. The Concession Contract does not 
include any specific provision regarding the cases and circumstances under which the financial rebalance 
of the Main Concession can be sought and, therefore, the parties will need to rely on the provisions of 
applicable law (in the case of the Main Concession, the Portuguese Administrative Procedure Code

--- Page 26 ---
26 
(Código do Procedimento Administrativo) and the Portuguese Civil Code (Código Civil)). Financial 
rebalance can be legally sought in the case of unilateral modifications made by the Grantor, force majeure, 
fait du prince and change in circumstances. The occurrence of a financial rebalance event entitles the 
Issuer to receive compensation from the Grantor, which may be provided by means of direct payment(s), 
extension of the concession period, a resetting of tariffs/tolls, or any other means agreed between the 
Grantor and the Issuer. As such compensation may not be determined in advance, and may not be made 
available to the Issuer immediately after the occurrence of the relevant triggering events, the occurrence 
of those events and a delay in making the compensation available to the Issuer may cause an adverse 
impact thereto. 
The Issuer may also be affected by government decisions in respect of not only the development of the 
motorway system, but also the creation of alternative transportation routes (e.g. railways, high speed 
railways or other forms of transportation) which compete with road transportation. 
New roads or motorway concessions promoted by the Portuguese State may compete with the Issuer’s 
motorway network and affect the level of revenues obtained from the network 
Without prejudice to the exclusive rights of the Issuer relating to the motorways falling within the 
Concession Contract, the Portuguese State maintains the right to promote the construction of other 
roads. These new roads may compete with the Issuer’s motorway network and may affect the level of 
revenues obtained from the network. 
No assurances can be given as to whether or how new concessions or improvements to the national 
motorway network, or other enhancements to the Portuguese transportation infrastructure, will affect 
the volume of traffic and revenues on the motorways operated by the Issuer. 
The Issuer operates in a business that demands technological evolution to maintain competitiveness  
The Issuer relies on the introduction of new solutions and equipment to avoid concerns with obsolescence 
and the consequent reduction in its productivity and efficiency, which may ultimately reduce the Issuer’s 
capacity to collect tolls in its network and/or have a negative impact in traffic volume as clients may look 
for safer and/or more comfortable travel alternatives. Some of these solutions encompass the 
development and maintenance of infrastructure and disaster recovery procedures, and also the 
effectiveness of toll collection and recovery. In order to meet these expectations, the Issuer relies on 
research and development investments which may ultimately not yield positive returns.  
The Issuer’s reputation and public image depend on the relationship established with its stakeholders 
The Issuer is a public interest company and, therefore, the management of its relationship with 
stakeholders is critical for the promotion of its legitimate interests and for the establishment of its public 
image and reputation. The inability to fulfil these objectives could have a negative impact on public 
perception and/or the interests of the business sector and, therefore, affect traffic and revenues.  
OPERATIONAL RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks associated with operational management stemming 
from activities likely to have a significant impact on the continuity of the Issuer’s business. 
Weather conditions, Natural Phenomena and other catastrophes may affect significantly the Issuer’s 
course of business 
The activities carried out by the Issuer involve the construction, maintenance and operation of 
infrastructures which are exposed to weather conditions, natural phenomena and various other 
unpredictable events like fire, explosions, storms, floods, seismic activity, hydrographical constraints and 
other natural catastrophes (“Natural Phenomena”) or war, terrorism or other natural and/or man-made 
disasters, the duration and consequences of which may not be anticipated, either in terms of the extent 
of the damage or the time that will be required to repair such damage. Although any damages caused by 
Natural Phenomena are covered by insurance on terms common in the market in which the Issuer 
operates (including insurance for revenue loss if traffic is interrupted), their occurrence may cause the 
interruption of motorway operations for an unpredictable period of time, a situation that may have a 
material adverse effect on the collection of toll revenues for the affected motorway sections. 
Additionally, Natural Phenomena may also contribute to the faster than anticipated degradation of 
motorways. In order to comply with its obligations in this respect under the Concession Contract, the 
Issuer may have to carry out unexpected investments in pavement repairs, reconstruction and other kinds 
of necessary works related thereto. 
The Covid-19 pandemic and potential similar future outbreaks may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s course of business 
The outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic (commonly known to as the “coronavirus” or SARS-CoV-2), resulted 
in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies and financial markets 
worldwide, placed constraints on the operations of businesses and decreased people and goods’ mobility 
and activity.  
The Covid-19 pandemic has caused a significant negative impact on the level of global economic activity 
and a substantial negative effect on Portugal and the Portuguese economy. 
Measures were taken by the relevant authorities to address the pandemic, notably comprising the 
declaration of a state of emergency in different countries, including Portugal, the imposition of travel 
restrictions, including the closure of land borders between Portugal and Spain, the establishment of 
quarantines and the temporary shutdown of several institutions and companies, leading to material and 
unprecedented restrictions to the movement of goods and people and free performance of economic 
activities.  
With the restrictions gradually eased from May 2021, economic activity gradually recovered. The removal 
of most restrictions up to the end of the “state of contingency” in October 2021 allowed for an 
improvement in most indicators of economic activity, sustaining an economic recovery. Gross domestic

--- Page 28 ---
28 
product (“GDP”) of Portugal increased 5.5 per cent. in 2021 and 6.7 per cent. in 2022 (Source: Banco de 
Portugal, Economic Bulletin, June 2023). Economic activity has since benefited from a further expansion 
of private consumption (5.7 per cent. in 2022 (Source: Banco de Portugal, Economic Bulletin, June 2023)) 
and an ongoing significant recovery of tourism services exports (expected to grow by almost 80 per cent. 
in 2023-2025 (Source: Banco de Portugal, Economic Bulletin, December 2022)). The European Commission 
foresees annual GDP growth of 2.4 per cent. in 2023 (Source: EC European Economic Forecast – Spring 
2023). 
Even though the end of the pandemic was officially announced by the World Health Organisation on 5 
May 2023, there are still risks – particularly due to virus mutations – which could, among others, lead to 
the re-introduction of restrictive measures on activity and/or movement of goods and people. Thus, while 
ensuring regular operation of its motorway network, BCR remains aware of such risks, notably due to the 
potential impact that the re-introduction of restrictive measures may have on foreign tourism, supply of 
materials and intermediate consumption on manufacturing activity, which ultimately may affect the 
volume of motorway traffic.  
The extent to which the Covid-19 pandemic may impact the Issuer’s results will depend on future 
developments. Therefore, a resurgence of the Covid-19 pandemic and any potential future outbreaks of 
other viruses may have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer. 
Any of these factors, individually or collectively, may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial 
position, liquidity and results of operations, to the extent a pandemic arises and depending on the 
measures taken from time to time by the relevant authorities in reaction thereto. 
The Issuer is exposed to global economic conditions and geopolitical risks 
The Issuer’s course of businesses and performance are affected by global economic conditions and the 
perceptions of those conditions and future economic prospects. 
In February 2022, the global economy was negatively impacted by the start of a military conflict by the 
Russian Federation (“Russia”) in Ukraine (the “Russia-Ukraine conflict”), which further contributed to a 
significant and widespread increase in inflation rates, low growth and disruptions in global supply chains 
that were already affected by the Covid-19 pandemic, which in turn led to the scarcity and rising cost of 
raw materials, commodities, energy and transport. 
Such supply chain disruptions remain a prominent part of the business landscape as of 2023 and could be 
further affected by an escalation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and by an increase in political and military 
tensions between Western countries and Russia, including the risk of a nuclear accident. The rise in 
uncertainty could delay investment and consumption decisions, hurting economic growth. Confidence 
levels could also be constrained by a rise in political and trade tensions between China and the U.S., and 
by a rise in tensions between the U.S. and Iran, relating to the latter’s nuclear programme. 
Also, the EU imposed economic sanctions on Russia and Belarus as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, 
which included, among others, a ban on all transactions with the Russian Central Bank and the freezing of

--- Page 29 ---
29 
its assets and the exclusion of major Russian banks from SWIFT. The initial sanctions imposed on Russia 
have been extended and new ones have been added. The direct exposure of the Portuguese economy to 
Russia or Ukraine is not significant. In 2021, Portuguese exports of goods to Russia represented 0.3 per 
cent. of total exports of goods, while imports from Russia (75 per cent. of which were minerals) 
represented 1.3 per cent. of total imports of goods (Source: Bank of Portugal, 2022). Russian foreign direct 
investment in Portugal amounted to Euro 305 million, while Portuguese foreign direct investment in 
Russia stood at Euro 20 million in 2021 (Source: Bank of Portugal, 2022). Portuguese exports and imports 
of goods to and from Ukraine represented 0.1 and 0.4 per cent. of total exports and total imports 
respectively, in 2021, with 60 per cent. of imports related to vegetables, fruits and cereals (Source: Bank 
of Portugal, 2022). 
Energy trade with Russia was not immediately interrupted in Europe but fears of significant future supply 
disruptions translated into a significant increase in oil prices, with negative impacts on global growth, 
particularly on activity in Europe. Sustainable economic growth in the EEA continues to be a challenge in 
certain countries, including Portugal. 
Thus, while ensuring the regular operation of its motorway network, BCR shall continue to monitor the 
situation, notably due to the potential impact that such increases and general volatility in energy prices, 
notably in the prices of oil and electricity as power sources for motor vehicles, may have on the volume 
of motorway traffic.  
Concentration of revenue sources may significantly impact the Issuer’s revenues under the Main 
Concession  
Approximately 43.2 per cent. of the Main Concession’s total revenue for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (and approximately 42.6 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021) was recorded by one 
motorway (the A1 motorway). Accordingly, the regular operation of this particular motorway has a 
significant impact on the level of revenues resulting from the Main Concession. Although the Issuer 
maintains a level of insurance coverage designed to adequately mitigate business interruptions, any 
negative event resulting in a prolonged reduction in traffic volume or in toll revenues collected from the 
A1 motorway could have a significant impact on the Issuer’s operational results.  
The performance of the Issuer in relation to the Main Concession relies on third party service providers 
under certain agreements 
The Issuer has entered into six main agreements (the Management Consultancy Services Agreement, the 
Shared Services Agreement, the Operation & Maintenance Agreement, the Engineering and Technical 
Services Agreement, the Via Verde Agreement and the Management of Service Areas Subconcession 
Agreement) with other companies forming part of Brisa Group (Brisa and its consolidated subsidiaries 
form the “Brisa Group”) which are aimed at allowing the Issuer to carry out its activity in relation to the 
Main Concession (see section “Description of the Issuer, the Parent and the Brisa Group” below).  
The Issuer’s performance relies on the third party service providers under these agreements being capable

--- Page 30 ---
30 
of duly performing their obligations thereunder. In the event that any of these companies fails to perform 
or becomes insolvent, the Issuer will need to find a replacement service provider or hire personnel to 
directly undertake the required activities itself. There is the risk of an increase in the Issuer’s costs and/or 
a temporary interruption to the Issuer’s activities in the event of a service provider having to be replaced. 
Information Systems’ malfunctions or data breaches may affect the Issuer’s revenues and overall 
operational security  
If the Issuer’s Information Systems’ malfunctions it may affect the Issuer’s profitability (both in terms of a 
decrease in revenue and an increase in costs) and overall operational security, leading to a potential loss 
in competitiveness and reputation. These malfunctions may arise in the form of: a) hacking (both internal 
and external intrusion); b) inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, in breach of General Data 
Protection Regulation rules, approved by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016, as amended, or of 
strategic and sensitive business information; c) data breaches; d) inappropriate access management, 
leading to an abusive use of data (unauthorised data access) or potential flaws on data integrity; e) 
employees’ poor training and awareness to Information Systems/Information Technology security issues; 
and f) inefficient monitoring and analysis of alarming/triggering events that could be associated with 
information security breaches. 
The Issuer’s completion of the remainder of the motorway network to be constructed under the 
Concession Contract may be affected by construction and operating risks  
At the present time, the construction and operating risks that may arise from the completion of the 
remainder of the motorway network referred to in the Concession Contract (including construction 
material and labour shortages; increases in the cost of labour and materials; changes in general economic, 
business and credit conditions; the non-performance or unsatisfactory performance of contractors and 
subcontractors; and interruptions resulting from inclement weather and unforeseen engineering 
problems) relate to the future construction of the motorway for the new Lisbon (or any other location 
that may be determined by the competent state authorities) airport link (the exact terms of the project 
have yet to be defined) and any required improvement works (which will depend on traffic levels and 
normal wear and tear of the infrastructure). 
Although the Issuer has access to Brisa’s significant experience through certain contractual arrangements 
with other Brisa Group companies and seeks to limit these risks in its agreements with contractors, no 
assurance can be given that these factors will not, under certain circumstances, have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer. 
COMPLIANCE RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks associated with compliance with the law, regulations, 
internal procedures or contracts.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The Issuer’s revenues derive from operations conducted under and pursuant to the concession granted 
to the Issuer by the Portuguese State under the Concession Contract, which may be revoked in certain 
limited situations 
The Issuer’s revenues derive from operations conducted under and pursuant to the Concession Contract, 
the termination of which is scheduled to occur on 31 December 2035. See section “Description of the 
Concession Contract” below. 
Pursuant to the Concession Contract, the Portuguese State has the right to revoke the concession at any 
time during the last five years of the concession period upon giving the Issuer one year’s prior notice. 
Additionally, the Concession Contract may be terminated early in the case of serious or repeated breach 
of the obligations imposed upon the Issuer. 
A substantial portion of the assets controlled by the Issuer, particularly the motorways, qualify as assets 
falling within the Portuguese State’s public domain. Upon the expiration of the concession or in the case 
of early termination thereof, all of these assets will revert to the Portuguese State, the Issuer being 
entitled to compensation in certain limited cases only. 
If the Issuer is unable to complete its motorway construction obligations on a timely basis, penalties 
may apply under the Concession Contract 
Taking into account that the construction of motorways is a complex process and can take several months 
or years, delays in the conclusion of the relevant construction works may occur. If the Issuer is unable to 
complete its motorway construction obligations on a timely basis, penalties may apply under the 
Concession Contract. 
However, in cases where delays are caused by factors outside the Issuer’s control, such as unpredictable 
causes of an environmental nature, the Issuer would not expect penalties to apply. 
The Issuer’s activities are affected by environmental regulations 
The activities carried out by the Issuer are significantly affected by environmental concerns, taking into 
account that motorways alter landscapes, and hence directly interfere with the environment. The Issuer 
strives to achieve a balance between the needs of infrastructure development affecting motorways and 
the sustainability of the environment and natural resources. 
Hence, regulatory approvals, notably environmental requirements, environmental impact studies and 
environmental regulatory approvals, could represent a significant source of delay for the Issuer in relation 
to the construction of the motorway for the new Lisbon (or any other location that may be determined 
by the competent state authorities) airport link (the exact terms of the project have yet to be defined) 
and any required improvement works. These difficulties may be unforeseen and could affect construction 
deadlines, operations and, ultimately, expected revenues.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
FINANCIAL RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks associated with the Issuer’s financial management, 
namely liquidity, interest rate or counterparty risk of main counterparties in possible financial 
transactions. 
The Issuer has substantial indebtedness which may have an impact on the Issuer’s business and ability 
to obtain future financing 
The Issuer operates in a capital intensive sector and therefore has substantial indebtedness. In order to 
achieve a more efficient financial structure, the Issuer may, from time to time, increase its indebtedness 
as authorised under the relevant Finance Documents and, more specifically, shall comply with the 
applicable ratio tests prior to incurring such additional indebtedness (see section “Overview of Certain 
Transaction Documents – Common Terms Agreement – Net Senior Debt/EBITDA” below). 
Even if said level of indebtedness does not prevent the satisfactory development of the Issuer’s business, 
it may have material consequences given that a substantial portion of the Issuer’s cash flow from 
operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its debts and will thus not be 
available for other purposes. In this scenario, the Issuer may be less able to respond to changing business 
and economic conditions. 
In addition, the ability of the Issuer to obtain financing in the future for working capital needs, capital 
expenditure, investment, general corporate purposes and other purposes could, in certain circumstances, 
be materially limited by its level of indebtedness.  
The Issuer bears primary responsibility for financing the costs related to the future construction of the 
remaining links that form part of the Concession Contract  
The Issuer bears primary responsibility for financing the costs related to the future construction of the 
remaining links that form part of the Concession Contract, the ancillary works related to the motorway 
network and certain new lanes to be built on motorways with a high traffic volume. 
The Issuer has access, through certain contractual arrangements with other Brisa Group companies, to 
highly developed expertise in projecting future costs, but no assurances can be given as to the Issuer’s 
ability to overcome construction difficulties which result in cost overruns in the future or to finance its 
projected capital expenditures or any cost overruns that may occur. 
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risk due to its cash holdings 
As a result of the Issuer’s activity, and as a result of specific contractual obligations assumed by the Issuer 
under the Common Terms Agreement with regard to the cash amounts standing to the credit of the Debt 
Service Reserve Account and CAPEX Reserve Account, the Issuer is subject to counterparty risk arising 
from any Authorised Investment and/or by keeping on demand or time deposits in the banking sector. 
Additionally, the Issuer may enter into specific agreements (such as hedging instruments or committed 
credit facilities) with some financial institutions. As such, the Issuer’s liquidity and financial position may

--- Page 33 ---
33 
be negatively affected by the creditworthiness of these counterparties, which ultimately may result in a 
financial loss. The Issuer bears the risk of non-compliance of such counterparties in relation to their 
contractual and/or financial obligations to the Issuer, which may include, among others, losses in cash 
amounts deposited by the Issuer or failure to fulfil agreed payment obligations to the Issuer.  
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk given the portion of floating interest rate debt in its portfolio 
The Issuer’s substantial level of indebtedness is partially made up of debt instruments with floating 
interest rate, exposing its cost of debt to volatility in interest rates, which may negatively impact the 
Issuer’s cost of funding, results and equity position, especially considering the current high inflation and 
interest rate environment, mainly as a consequence of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Inflationary pressures 
have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 with the Russia-Ukraine conflict, in which 
context the major central banks, including the European Central Bank, have accelerated the removal of 
monetary policy stimulus and have significantly increased interest rates. While interest rates are expected 
to continue to increase in 2023, expectations on the level of interest rates in the coming years are still 
very uncertain, translating into significant volatility in the market. The impact of this volatility is mitigated 
by the effect of the following factors: (a) limiting exposure to interest rate risk through the Common Terms 
Agreement, (b) the possibility of using derivative instruments to hedge interest rate risk, and (c) possible 
co-relation between the level of market interest rates and economic growth. 
Portugal’s sovereign rating and the impact of the Eurozone’s economic crisis may have implications on 
the financing of the Portuguese economy and of the Issuer  
In the past, Portugal has faced some instability in terms of the credit ratings assigned by rating agencies, 
with Portugal’s credit ratings having been downgraded and upgraded several times. Nevertheless, in more 
recent years, economic growth, the improvement in public accounts and the stabilisation of the banking 
sector have led to upgrades in the Portuguese sovereign rating. 
The last rating changes, affirmations or confirmations (as applicable) that led to Portugal’s current credit 
ratings are as follows:  
• 
On 19 May 2023, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH affirmed Portugal’s credit rating at ‘Baa2’ with a 
positive outlook. 
• 
On 10 March 2023, Standard & Poor’s affirmed Portugal’s unsolicited credit rating at ‘BBB+’ with a 
stable outlook. 
• 
On 27 January 2023, DBRS Ratings GmbH confirmed Portugal’s credit rating at ‘A (low)’ with a 
stable outlook. 
• 
On 14 April 2023, Fitch affirmed Portugal’s unsolicited credit rating at ‘BBB+’ with a stable outlook. 
A downgrade of Portugal’s credit ratings could increase the country’s cost of funding, which would bear 
negative consequences for the cost of financing of Portuguese companies, and hence on their results, 
specifically to a company such as the Issuer given that its operation is based in Portugal.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
In 2019, Portugal recorded the first budget surplus in over 45 years. However, negative events such as the 
Covid-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and recession in Europe have taken and will likely continue 
to take a toll on the global economy and, more specifically, the Portuguese economy, which reinstated a 
budget deficit, amounting to 0.4 per cent. of GDP as at the end of 2022, despite a consistent reduction of 
deficit levels from 2020 to 2022 (regarding the Covid-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, see 
the risks factors entitled “The Covid-19 pandemic and potential similar future outbreaks may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s course of business” and “The Issuer is exposed to global economic conditions 
and geopolitical risks” above). As a consequence, a rise in the credit risk (including that of sovereigns) and 
default, or a significant decline in the credit rating, of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions 
could put severe stress on the financial system in which the Issuer operates and could adversely affect 
the markets in which the Issuer operates, as well as the businesses and economic condition and prospects 
of the Issuer’s counterparties, customers, suppliers or creditors, directly or indirectly, in ways which are 
difficult to predict. 
The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the Issuer and to its business and operations, and 
could adversely affect the value and liquidity of the Notes and the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes and under its debt obligations more generally. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they have sufficient knowledge and awareness of the economic 
situation and outlook to enable them to make their own evaluation of the risks and merits of an 
investment in the Notes. In particular, prospective investors should take into account the considerable 
uncertainty as to how those situations will develop over time. 
The credit ratings assigned to the Notes and/or the Programme affect the Issuer’s access to funding 
markets 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Issuer may obtain funding. Ratings of the 
Issuer’s long-term debt are based on a number of factors, including the Issuer’s financial strength and the 
conditions affecting the industry in which the Issuer carries out its activity. In light of the developments in 
the Portuguese economy, there can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current 
credit ratings or outlooks assigned to the Notes and/or the Programme. Any potential downgrade of the 
Portuguese sovereign rating could, in turn, negatively affect these agencies’ perception of the credit 
ratings assigned. The Issuer’s failure to maintain such credit ratings and outlooks could increase its cost 
of funding or even, in a scenario that combines a sharp drop in credit ratings with a further worsening of 
the credit environment, result in funding markets being entirely inaccessible to the Issuer. 
Permitted Distributions  
The transaction documents foresee that the Issuer shall be authorised to acquire or subscribe for debt or 
hybrid instruments issued by the Shareholder or Affiliate of the Shareholder, with monies transferred to 
the Distributions Account, after having satisfied the distribution lock-up tests set out in the Finance 
Documents.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Projections, forecasts and estimates in this document are speculative and some or all of the assumptions 
underlying the forward-looking statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual 
results  
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, or any other projections and forecasts presented in this 
document, are necessarily speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the 
forward-looking statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because 
they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Issuer cannot assess the impact of all 
risk factors on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual 
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and 
uncertainties, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a 
prediction of actual results. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE PARENT  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Parent. 
The Parent is exposed to the same operational, financial and other risks affecting the Issuer 
The Parent is a company incorporated in 2009 as a Portuguese law governed holding company (“sociedade 
gestora de participações sociais” or “SGPS”) with the sole corporate purpose of managing shareholdings 
in other companies, as an indirect form of exercising economic activities, and rendering administration 
and management services to such companies. Currently, the Parent exclusively holds 100 per cent. of the 
share capital of the Issuer and holds no shareholdings in other companies. As such, the Parent’s indirect 
economic activity essentially corresponds to the activity carried out by the Issuer, the Parent thus being 
exposed to the same operational, financial and other risks affecting the Issuer itself.  
Therefore, whilst potential investors are advised to primarily consider the risk factors outlined in respect 
of the Issuer, they should also bear in mind those relating to the Parent in connection with the Issuer’s 
risk factors. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET  
Set out below is a brief description of the main market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid, which 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed

--- Page 36 ---
36 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
would generally have a more limited secondary market and greater price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments in those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Currency Change Risk may affect the value of the Notes 
In the situation where the Notes are denominated in Euro, this currency being specified as the lawful 
currency of Portugal, if, at any time following the relevant Issue Date for those Notes, (i) Portugal has 
more than one lawful currency or (ii) the lawful currency of Portugal is different from the Euro, then the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated (and in which any payment obligations in respect of the 
Notes fall to be performed) may be converted into the new lawful currency of Portugal and the Issuer may 
make such adjustments to the Conditions as it deems appropriate or amendments to the Conditions may 
be determined by law. Such amendments, including any rate of exchange between the Euro and the new 
lawful currency for Portugal which the Issuer determines shall apply, may affect the value of such Notes. 
In circumstances where the Euro as at the relevant Issue Date continues to exist following the occurrence 
of the events described in (i) or (ii) above, but is no longer the lawful currency, or no longer the only lawful

--- Page 37 ---
37 
currency, of Portugal, the new lawful currency of Portugal may in future decline in value as compared to 
the Euro. This means that the Notes would be worth less (and possibly significantly less) than they would 
have been worth had they continued to be denominated in Euro. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of the Floating Rate Notes 
Interest rates and indices deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the target of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective, whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or suffer other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such 
a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, 
in particular, if the relevant index can no longer be used as such and the methodology or other terms of 
EURIBOR are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes, including the determination of the applicable interest rate by the Calculation Agent. 
Separately, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area published a set of 
guiding principles for fall-back provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The 
guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 23 November 2020, the euro risk-
free rate working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
The final recommendations were published on 11 May 2021 and contained both general and specific 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and on €STR-based EURIBOR fallback rates. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has in the past and may 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the 
following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of 
the above changes, or any other consequences of international or national reforms or other initiatives or

--- Page 38 ---
38 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
Investors in the Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR should be mindful of the interest rate fall-
back provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes and the adverse effect this may have on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to EURIBOR. 
The Conditions also provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to Notes for which Screen Rate Determination applies and which are not subject to the consent 
of the holders of the Notes. Either (i) the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate; or (ii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser appointed is unable to determine the relevant rates, the Issuer may (after consulting with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest may result in the Notes performing differently (including 
paying a lower Rate of Interest for any Interest Period) than they would have if the Original Reference 
Rate continued to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may alter the Conditions as 
necessary, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without 
any requirement for consent or approval of the holders of the Notes. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined by an Independent Adviser or, as the case 
may be, the Issuer, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate.  
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central 
banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would have if the Original Reference 
Rate continued to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, in which case the Issuer may determine the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread. 
Finally, any changes to the administration of a benchmark or screen rate, to the respective calculation 
method, or the emergence of alternatives to such benchmark or screen rate as a result of these potential 
reforms, may cause the benchmark or screen rate to perform differently than in the past or to be 
discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential 
discontinuation of a benchmark or screen rate or changes to its administration could require changes to 
the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated on Notes referencing such benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable). Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to 
the benchmarks or screen rates referenced by the Notes may adversely affect the return on the Notes 
and the trading market for securities referencing such benchmark or screen rate. The development of 
alternatives to benchmarks or screen rates may result in the Notes referencing such benchmarks or screen 
rates performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives had not been 
developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, 
any Notes referencing a benchmark or screen rate. 
Any of the above matters, which are not subject to the approval of the holders of the Notes, or any other 
significant change to the setting or existence of the Original Reference Rate could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fall-back for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and 
the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes when making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND THE SECURITY  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes and the Security: 
Since the Notes are held through accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, investors will have to 
rely on various Interbolsa procedures with respect to the following:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Form and transfer of the Notes 
The Notes are held through accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa and will be represented in 
dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) and are nominative (nominativas), as Interbolsa can, 
at the request of the Issuer, ask the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information regarding the identity 
of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer. Title to the Notes is evidenced by 
registration in the relevant individual securities accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code, and the applicable regulations of the 
CMVM. 
The Notes will be registered in the issue account opened by the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be held in 
control accounts by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa on behalf of the relevant Noteholders. Such 
control accounts will reflect, at all times, the aggregate number of Notes held in the individual securities 
accounts opened by the clients of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, which include Euroclear and 
Clearstream. The transfer of the Notes will be made through Interbolsa, Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Payment procedures in respect of the Notes 
Payment of principal and interest (a) in euros will be (i) credited, according to Interbolsa’s procedures and 
regulations, by the Portuguese Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer from the payment current 
account indicated by the Portuguese Paying Agent to, and accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the 
Portuguese Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of securities held through Interbolsa to the 
payment current accounts held by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with 
Interbolsa are credited with such Notes, and thereafter (ii) credited by such Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to the accounts of the owners of those 
Notes, or through Euroclear and Clearstream to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be; (b) in currencies other than euros will be (i) transferred, on the payment 
date and according to Interbolsa’s procedures and regulations, from the account held by the Portuguese 
Paying Agent in the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), 
managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa, and thereafter (ii) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant 
accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes, or through Euroclear and Clearstream to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. 
Noteholders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes and the Issuer 
will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of beneficial 
interests in the Notes. 
Noteholders are subject to resolutions passed at Noteholders’ meetings. Ordinary and Special Decisions

--- Page 41 ---
41 
are subject to Senior Creditors’ decisions 
Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions will be binding on all Noteholders holding or representing 
Notes of the same Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting or have voted against such 
Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions.  
All Special Decisions are to be decided by way of an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In the case of Special Decisions, seeing as the instructions for the relevant Series of Noteholders will be 
relayed by the Notes Common Representative to the Intercreditor Agent, the Noteholders are dependent 
upon the Notes Common Representative notifying the Intercreditor Agent of its instructions in relation to 
a decision by the relevant date. If such notification fails to occur until the relevant date, the respective 
Voting Entitlement will be excluded for the purposes of determining whether the requisite voting levels 
have been attained in relation to that decision of the Senior Creditors. 
Except as otherwise provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and subject to the Entrenched Rights and 
Retained Rights of the Noteholders and the various other classes of Senior Creditors, all waivers, consents 
or approvals under any Finance Document or any amendment to the terms of any Finance Document (in 
each case, other than the Senior Debt Agreements, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Notes 
Documentation) will require the consent of the Majority Senior Creditors, in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. Hence, other than where a Noteholder Entrenched Right or 
Noteholder Retained Right applies, Ordinary Decisions and Special Decisions in respect of which 
Noteholders have expressed their views or voted, as the case may be, will be subject to, and may be 
subsequently prejudiced by, decisions passed by other Senior Creditors. The Finance Parties (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders) acknowledge and accept, under the terms of the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the outcome of each Ordinary Decision or Special Decision, even those that have 
expressed different views on, voted against or abstained from expressing their views or voting on, as the 
case may be, the respective Ordinary Decision or Special Decision (See “Ordinary Decisions and 
Noteholders’ Meetings” below). 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014, as amended (“Directive 2014/107/EU”), 
implemented a new automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts 
and is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development in July 2014.  
Under Directive 2014/107/EU, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax Authorities of their 
respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the State of Residence) information 
regarding bank accounts, including depository and custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing 
in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in 
a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in Directive 2014/107/EU.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
The information refers not only to personal information such as name, address, state of residence, tax 
identification number and date and place of birth, but also to the account balance at the end of the 
calendar year, and (i) in case of depository accounts, the total gross amount of interest paid or credited 
in the account during the calendar year; or, (ii) in the case of custodial accounts, the total gross amount 
of interest, dividends and any other income generated, as well as the proceeds from the sale or 
redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account, during the calendar year when the 
financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, 
among others. 
Portugal has implemented Council Directive 2011/16/EU, of 15 February 2011, as amended, through 
Decree-Law no. 61/2013, of 10 May, as amended, and Directive 2014/107/EU through Decree-Law no. 
64/2016, of 11 October, as amended. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law no. 
98/2017, of 24 August, and by Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February, all information regarding the registration 
of financial institutions, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising therefrom and 
the forms to use to that end were provided by the Ministry of Finance, through Order (Portaria) 302-
B/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order (Portaria) 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Order (Portaria) 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016, and Order (Portaria) 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016, all as amended from 
time to time. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Portuguese law or administrative 
practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are governed by Portuguese law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
Portuguese law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments in the Notes 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Some of these Notes may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors  
Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. An optional redemption feature of Notes is 
likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of those Notes will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be

--- Page 43 ---
43 
redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
In respect of the Initial Notes, unless the relevant Final Terms of any particular Tranche of Initial Notes 
specify otherwise, in the event that the Issuer is obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Initial Notes due to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the laws of Portugal or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Initial Notes in accordance with Condition 10.3 (Redemption of 
Initial Notes for tax reasons) (if the conditions established therein are met). 
The Issuer may only early redeem the Notes provided that no Trigger Event or Event of Default (or trigger 
event or event of default under the EIB Facility Agreement) would result from such early redemption. 
Notes may be issued at a discount or a premium. The market value of securities issued at a discount or a 
premium from their principal amount tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than they would were they conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining terms of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. Any 
such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating

--- Page 44 ---
44 
agency at any time. A rating agency may lower or withdraw its rating of the Notes and that action may 
reduce the market value of the Notes. 
European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and stated in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered with ESMA and published on https://www.esma.europa.eu/, in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation, as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are 
required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit 
rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity 
in the secondary market.  
The value of the Security may be affected by a decline in the value of the relevant asset 
Under or pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement, the Issuer, the Initial Shareholder (which has, 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, transferred and pledged the Shares (including the corresponding 
Share Related Rights) to the Parent) and the Parent pledged or promised to pledge, or assigned by way of 
security, or mortgaged or promised to mortgage (as applicable), in favour and for the benefit of the EIB 
and the Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance Parties, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Noteholders), any New Shares (including all and each of the Share Related Rights attached thereto), the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
balance of the Company Accounts and of the Authorised Accounts opened and maintained by the Issuer 
for the purposes of making Authorised Investments, the General Rights, the Future General Rights, the 
New Assets and the Real Assets (“Security Assets”). 
The value of the Security Assets and, accordingly, the level of recovery on the enforcement of the security 
may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of the relevant asset and no assurance can 
be given that the value of the relevant assets will not decline in the future. 
Noteholders will have a claim under the Notes against the Issuer only and, in the terms set forth in the 
Security Agreement, against the Issuer and the Parent 
The Notes will be direct obligations of the Issuer secured by the Security Assets. Noteholders will have a 
claim under the Notes against the Issuer only and, in the terms set forth in the Security Agreement, against 
the Issuer and the Parent (but not against the Initial Shareholder which has, prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, transferred the Shares (including the corresponding Share Related Rights) to the Parent). 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance Parties, including the 
Noteholders) acknowledges and agrees that, other than expressly foreseen in the Finance Documents, 
the Parent, Brisa or any Shareholder, from time to time, do not in any way guarantee or have any liability 
whatsoever in relation to the Obligations and, accordingly, the Noteholders will not have the benefit nor 
shall be entitled, in relation to the Parent, to make any claim based on Articles 501 and 502 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (which do not currently legally apply to any shareholder of the Parent), 
Article 629 of the Portuguese Civil Code or any other legal provisions of a similar nature, and 
unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right arising thereunder in relation to the Notes. If there are 
insufficient funds available to the Issuer to pay in full all principal, interest and other amounts due in 
respect of the Notes at the applicable Notes Maturity Date, or upon acceleration in the terms set forth in 
Condition 15 (Acceleration), or upon an early redemption in part or in whole as permitted under the 
Conditions, claims of the Noteholders in respect of any such unpaid amounts will exist towards the Issuer 
and, in the terms provided for in the Security Agreement, towards the Issuer and the Parent (but not 
towards the Initial Shareholder which has, prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, transferred the Shares 
(including the corresponding Share Related Rights) to the Parent) in relation to Security Assets, subject to 
the satisfaction of the credit entitlements of the other Senior Creditors, under the terms and in 
accordance with the Security Agreement.  
Noteholders are subject to Entrenched and Retained Rights 
The exercise or enforcement of rights, powers and discretions, the giving of any consent or any waiver, or 
making of any determination or notification under or in respect of any provisions of the Finance 
Documents by the Noteholders or the Notes Common Representative shall be made in accordance with 
the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
All waivers, consents or approvals under any Finance Document, or any amendment to the terms of any 
Finance Document (in each case, other than the Senior Debt Agreements) will require the consent of the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Majority Senior Creditors, except if otherwise provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement, and will be 
subject to the Entrenched Rights and Retained Rights of the various classes of Senior Creditors. In addition 
to its Entrenched Rights as Senior Creditor, the EIB will also have other Entrenched Rights in relation to 
certain matters, as further detailed in section “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents – Intercreditor 
Agreement”. 
Decisions under the Finance Documents expressed to be taken by the Intercreditor Agent will be taken by 
the Intercreditor Agent, acting on the instructions of the Majority Senior Creditors, and subject to the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Entrenched Rights and Retained Rights of the various classes of Senior 
Creditors. Any decision giving rise to an Entrenched Right or Retained Right for any Senior Creditor or class 
of Senior Creditors cannot be made without the approval of that Senior Creditor or class of Senior 
Creditors (as applicable). 
Hedging Risk 
The Issuer may be exposed to interest rate risk or currency risk in the event that there is an early 
termination of a Hedging Agreement. A Hedging Agreement may be terminated in the circumstances 
described in section “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents – Hedging Agreements” below. If a 
Hedging Agreement is terminated and the Issuer is unable to find a replacement Hedging Counterparty, 
then the funds available to the Issuer may be insufficient to fully meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Risks relating to Withholding tax 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Notes integrated in and held through Interbolsa, as the 
management entity of the Portuguese central securities clearing system (Central de Valores Mobiliários), 
held by non-resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax 
exemption regime approved by Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended (“Decree-
Law 193/2005”), may benefit from withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures and 
certification requirements are complied with (namely regarding proof of non-residency in the Portuguese 
territory). Failure to comply with these procedures and certifications will result in the application of the 
Portuguese tax regime relating to debt securities. See details of the Portuguese taxation regime in the 
section “Taxation – Portuguese Taxation”. 
The Issuer will not gross-up payments in respect of any such withholding tax in any of the cases indicated 
in Condition 12.2 (No gross-up for Notes other than Initial Notes), including failure to deliver or incorrect 
completion of the required certificate or declaration, as detailed in the section “Taxation – Portuguese 
Taxation”. Accordingly, Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all 
procedures ensuring the correct tax treatment of their Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics 
The Issuer has published, as at September 2023, a sustainability-linked financing framework (subject to 
amendments from time to time) (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”) relating to its 
sustainability strategy and targets and which foresees the possibility of BCR issuing Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is aligned with the Sustainability-Linked Loan 
Principles defined by the Loan Market Association (“LMA”) (the “SLLP”) in 2023 (the “SLLP 2023”), as well 
as with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles defined by the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”) (the “SLBP”) in 2023 (the “SLBP 2023”). The Issuer will review the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework on a periodic basis to ensure that it is in line with market expectations, voluntary standards 
such as the SLLP and the SLBP, and any relevant principles or regulatory developments that may emerge 
in the future. The Issuer will also review the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework in case of material 
changes in the perimeter, data calculation methodology, and in particular the relevant baselines, key 
performance indicators and sustainability performance targets calibration. Such review may result in the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework being updated and amended. Any updates, if not minor in 
nature, will be subject to the prior opinion of Standard & Poor’s or any such other qualified provider of a 
second party opinion. Any revised Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will be published on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.brisaconcessao.pt) and will replace the existing Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework. The current Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been reviewed by 
Standard & Poor’s for the purpose of verifying its alignment with the SLLP 2023 and SLBP 2023 and 
assessing the relevance, robustness, reliability and scope of the selected key performance indicators, as 
well as the level of ambition of the associated sustainability performance targets, under which Standard 
& Poor’s has provided an independent second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”). 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or the Second Party Opinion may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. The Second Party Opinion does not constitute 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as at the date on which it was initially 
issued. Any amendment or update to, or replacement or withdrawal of, the Second Party Opinion may 
affect the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. No assurance or representation is given as to 
the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any assurance or report provided by an 
independent third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) that may be made available in connection 
with the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the applicable key performance indicators, namely 
the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions, the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate and the Rate of Women 
in Leadership Positions (each as defined in the Conditions) (the “KPIs”), the related sustainability 
performance targets, namely the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold(s), the 
Health and Safety at Work Target(s) and the Gender Equality Target(s) (each as defined in the Conditions)

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(the “SPTs”), or the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Second Party Opinion, nor any such 
assurance or report is or shall be deemed to be incorporated into and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Parent, nor the Dealers assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or 
revision to the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or information to reflect any events or 
circumstances after the date of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and, therefore, an update 
or revision of the Second Party Opinion may or may not be requested from Standard & Poor’s or any other 
provider of second party opinions. Nevertheless, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework may be 
amended, updated or replaced from time to time, and the Second Party Opinion may or may not be 
consequently amended, updated, withdrawn or replaced, each of which may affect the value of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in sustainability-linked assets. 
Moreover, Standard & Poor’s and other second party opinion providers or providers of similar opinions 
and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight 
regarding the issuance of second party opinions. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Parent, the 
Dealers, Standard & Poor’s or any other second party opinion provider, or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold Sustainability-Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, the Parent, any of 
the Dealers, Standard & Poor’s or any other provider of any such opinion or certification in respect of the 
contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date on which it was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion 
or certification, or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or 
in part with any matters on which such opinion or certification is opining on or certifying, may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for or 
towards a particular purpose.  
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled security or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular security to be defined as “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time). Accordingly, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors by the Issuer, the Dealers, any other second party opinion providers or the External 
Verifier that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Brisa Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainability-linked”, or that no 
other adverse consequences will occur in connection with the Brisa Group striving to achieve, or failing to 
achieve, such targets.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
The Issuer cannot assure investors that any information provided by any entity within the Brisa Group or 
any other person in connection with any offering of Sustainability-Linked Notes now or in the future will 
be sufficient to enable any potential investor to satisfy any disclosure or reporting requirements imposed 
on such investor from time to time, either as a result of its own objectives or those of its clients, as set 
out in its by-laws or other governing rules and/or investment portfolio mandates. In addition, such 
requirements may have been conditioned by the application of laws and regulations relating to the types 
of, and criteria relating to, investments that such funds can make in order to qualify or be eligible as a 
particular type of “ESG” or other sustainable finance-related investment. The rules applicable to such 
investors and funds, whether internal or resulting from any such investment portfolio mandates and/or 
applicable laws and regulations, may require such investors or funds to make periodic disclosure of their 
investment, including any investment in the Notes. Such requirements may evolve over time. 
Furthermore, the relevant Final Terms may provide that the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or the Margin (as defined in the Conditions) in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, as the case may be, applicable to the Sustainability-Linked Notes may be subject to an increase 
and/or decrease, and/or, if applicable, a Redemption Premium Amount (as defined below) may be 
payable on redemption of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes, all in accordance with the 
circumstances specified in the Conditions and relevant Final Terms. Such Sustainability-Linked Notes may 
not satisfy an investor’s requirements or expectations, or any future legal or other standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The Sustainability-Linked Notes are not being 
marketed as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainability bonds” since the Issuer expects to use the 
proceeds to fulfill part of its general corporate purposes, including the refinancing of debt, the making of 
any permitted distribution, or any other specific purpose defined in the relevant Final Terms, to achieve 
the Issuer’s overall strategy, and therefore the Issuer may not allocate the net proceeds specifically to 
projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria and does not intend to be 
subject to any limitations regarding the use thereof or other limitations associated with “green bonds”, 
“social bonds” or “sustainability bonds”. In addition, the Key Performance Indicator Events and Key 
Performance Indicator Conditions (each as defined in the Conditions) in respect of any Sustainability-
Linked Notes depend on the definitions of Scope 1 Emissions, Scope 2 Emissions, Work-Related Injuries 
and Leadership Positions (each as defined in the Conditions), which may be inconsistent with investor 
requirements or expectations, or other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions, health and 
safety matters or gender equality matters. 
The Issuer’s SPTs are tailored to the Issuer’s business, operations and capabilities, and thus may not be 
tailored to benchmarking against similar sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, 
of other issuers. No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, the Parent, the Dealers, any 
second party opinion provider or any External Verifier (as defined in the Conditions) that any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such Notes or any SPT of the Issuer qualifying as “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
“sustainability-linked” or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur in 
connection with the Issuer striving to achieve any SPT or the use of the net proceeds from the offering of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. 
None of the Dealers are responsible for any assessment or monitoring of the Issuer's Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, including the selection of the Issuer's KPIs or SPTs as defined therein and their 
alignment with any sustainability-related standards. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third 
party in connection with the offering of Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Programme. 
There can be no assurance that the SPTs indicated in the Final Terms will be met. Achieving any SPT or 
any similar sustainability performance targets may require the Issuer to expend resources and/or may 
result in the decrease of the interest payment, while not meeting any such targets may result in the 
increase of interest payments and the payment of a redemption premium amount and can expose the 
Group to reputational risks 
There can be no assurance on the extent to which the Issuer will be successful in achieving the SPTs or 
that such targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding 
sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during 
the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in the furtherance of its SPTs. 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s performance against the SPTs will be tested by reference to a certain period, as 
specified in the Conditions, which may be inconsistent with an investor’s requirements or expectations 
for investments in instruments with such sustainability characteristics. 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its SPTs is dependent on many factors. No Event of Default shall occur if the 
Issuer fails to meet its SPTs, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes if a Step 
Up Event, a Step Down Event and/or Redemption Premium Event (each as defined in the Conditions) 
occurs. Other than any applicable Step Up Event and/or Redemption Premium Event, there are no 
penalties in any agreement relating to the Notes associated with failure to maintain the targets set by the 
SPTs or failure to meet any future sustainability targets. 
Achieving the SPTs in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme might 
require the Issuer to, by a specified date, (i) reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, (ii) reduce its and its 
Direct Partners (as defined in the Conditions) work-related injuries that result in the inability to return to 
work on the next scheduled workday/shift, and/or (iii) balance the gender distribution of its and of its 
Direct Partners’ Leadership Positions (as defined in the Conditions). Achieving the SPTs, which may result 
in a Step Down Event (as defined in the Conditions) in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that a Step Down Option (as defined in the Conditions) is applicable, and thus

--- Page 51 ---
51 
decrease the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or the Margin 
(as defined in the Conditions) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, as the case may be, applicable to the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, may require the Issuer to expend significant resources. 
In addition, the Issuer not achieving one or more SPTs could not only result in increased interest payments 
in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that a Step Up Option (as defined 
in the Conditions) is applicable (or other future relevant financing arrangements) and in the payment of a 
Redemption Premium Amount in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate 
that a Redemption Premium Option (as defined in the Conditions) is applicable, but could also harm the 
Issuer’s reputation (and, ultimately, the Group’s reputation), the consequences of which could, in each 
case, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, its business prospects, its financial condition and/or its 
results of operations. Therefore, the Issuer’s failure to achieve such targets may increase its cost of 
funding, and ultimately impact its financial condition. 
The selection and monitoring of the KPIs is carried out by the Issuer and the calculation of the KPIs may 
suffer changes with an impact on the assessment of the achievement of the SPTs and on the price of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
The KPIs and relevant SPTs are exclusively selected by the Issuer, considering the core aspects of its 
sustainability and business strategy, and the monitoring and subsequent reporting of such KPIs and 
relevant SPTs are also carried out by the Issuer. Notwithstanding, the value of the relevant KPIs, namely 
the compliance with the relevant SPTs, as at the relevant Target Observation Date is subject to an 
Assurance Report (as defined in the Conditions) to be issued by an External Verifier (as defined in the 
Conditions). 
The KPIs on which the Issuer’s SPTs (as specified in the Conditions and relevant Final Terms) are based 
and the adequacy and relevance of such SPTs are calculated/determined internally by the Issuer based, if 
available, on accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards and guidelines may change 
over time, which may affect the way in which the Issuer calculates and evaluates the KPIs and may impact 
the assessment of the achievement of the SPTs. Such standards and guidelines may be subject to review, 
update and development by expert groups and include contributions from industry bodies, which may 
change going forward. 
The 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline, the calculation of the relevant KPIs or performance against 
SPTs may be recalculated in good faith by the Issuer in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions, 
and any such recalculation shall be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders. The Issuer 
intends that the reasons for any such adjustments, which could include, but not be limited to, (i) an event 
that requires the Issuer to change its calculation methodology following a significant change in data due 
to better data accessibility or the discovery of data errors; and (ii) any amendment to the laws or 
regulations applicable or relating to the Issuer’s and its Direct Partners’ activities with impact, notably, on 
the baselines or SPTs (such events referred to under the Conditions of the Notes as “Recalculation

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Events”), to be clearly stated by the Issuer in the relevant Sustainability Confirmation Statement (as 
defined in the Conditions). The Conditions provide the Issuer with certain discretions (to be exercised in 
good faith) regarding the calculation of the relevant metrics and any adjustment or recalculation thereof. 
However, any such adjustments may mean that the Issuer may be able to satisfy the applicable SPTs more 
easily and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event (each as defined 
in the Conditions).  
In line with the above, the Gender Equality Target may be adjusted as a result of an evolution in the 
percentage of women in the overall workforce to implement gender equality (e.g., if in two consecutive 
years the share of women in the overall workforce registers an increase, the target may be adjusted to 
ensure convergence to such increase). BCR’s goal is to achieve full parity for women in its workforce and 
the sustainability performance target that better reflect such goal is the achievement of parity between 
the percentage of women in the overall workforce and the percentage of women in leadership positions. 
As a result of the foregoing, any Recalculation Event could have a material adverse impact on the value of 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes, the SPTs foreseen in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework may 
suffer changes and differ from the ones specified in the relevant Final Terms and the SPTs foreseen in the 
relevant Final Terms, and underlying KPIs and the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline may suffer 
adjustments.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 
(“2022 Issuer Financial Statements”) and 31 December 2021 (“2021 Issuer Financial Statements”) 
(prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
EU (“IFRS-EU”)), and electronic versions thereof are also available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/comunicados/EN/2023/BCR%20Relatorio%20Integrad
o%2022%20EN.pdf 
and 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/Documentos/EN/EMTN/BCR%20RI%202021%20EN.pdf
;  
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements (including the statutory audit report thereon and 
notes thereto) of the Parent as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 (“2022 Parent 
Consolidated Financial Statements”) and 31 December 2021 (“2021 Parent Consolidated 
Financial Statements”) (prepared in accordance with the IFRS-EU), and electronic versions thereof 
are 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/BCR%20SGPS%20Cons%20Annual%20Report%202022
_1.pdf 
and 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/BCR%20SGPS%20Cons%20Annual%20Report%202021
_1.pdf, respectively; 
(c) 
the results presentation of the Issuer for the unaudited financial statements of the Issuer as at and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the “2023 Issuer First Half Results Presentation”), and 
electronic 
version 
thereof 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/BCR%20Results%20Presentation%201H23.pdf; 
(d) 
the unaudited interim summarised financial statements for the six months period ended 30 June 
2023 (the “2023 Issuer First Half Results”) and electronic version thereof is also available on the 
CMVM’s official website, at https://web3.cmvm.pt/sdi/emitentes/docs/FR86483.pdf, and on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/20230728_BCR%201H23%20Press%20Release.pdf ;  
(e) 
the Conditions of the Notes set out in previous base prospectus and respective supplements (in 
accordance with paragraph “Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. base prospectus related to the Euro 
3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme” below), and electronic versions thereof are 
also available on the website of the Issuer at the links mentioned herein (i) the base prospectus 
dated 2 March 2012 (https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/Documentos/EN/Reports/Base-
Prospectus-2012-03-02.pdf); 
(ii) 
the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
July 
2014 
(https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/Documentos/EN/Reports/Base-Prospectus-2014-07-
04.pdf); 
(iii) 
the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
16 
November 
2016

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/Documentos/EN/Reports/Base-Prospectus-2016-11-
16.pdf); 
(iv) 
the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
16 
July 
2021 
(https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/Documentos/EN/EMTN/Base-Prospectus-_2021-07-
16.pdf);  
(f) 
the entirety of the statutory audit reports and auditors’ reports of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, and electronic versions thereof are also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/BCR%20Audit%20Report%202022_1.pdf 
and 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/Portals/0/BCR%20Audit%20Report%202021_1.pdf, respectively. 
This Base Prospectus, as well as the information incorporated by reference in it, has been published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at https://www.luxse.com/ and (where applicable) on a 
dedicated section of the website of the Issuer at https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/corporate-
debt/emtn-and-debt-issues/emtn-euro-medium-term-note-programme.  
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the admission to listing of the Notes on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading of the Notes on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, that if any adverse change in the business or financial position of the Issuer shall occur or 
any change in the information set out under the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” that is material to 
the issuance of Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure the preparation of a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Notes to be so admitted to listing and trading. 
Cross-Reference Table  
It should also be noted that the documents incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. These documents are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, information contained 
on websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority. 
2022 Issuer Financial Statements 
Statement of Financial Position………………………………….…………2022 Issuer Financial Statements (page 148) 
Income and Other Comprehensive Income Statement………….2022 Issuer Financial Statements (page 149) 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity……….……………..2022 Issuer Financial Statements (page 150) 
Cash Flow Statement for Financial Years……………….……………….2022 Issuer Financial Statements (page 151) 
Notes to the Financial Statements as at 31 December 2022..2022 Issuer Financial Statements (page 152 
to 180)

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Certification of the Accounts………………………..……….……………..Not incorporated by reference (included in 
the 2022 Issuer’s statutory audit report and 
auditors’ report) 
2021 Issuer Financial Statements  
Statement of Financial Position……………………..……………….…….2021 Issuer Financial Statements (page 131) 
Income and Other Comprehensive Income Statement………....2021 Issuer Financial Statements (page 132) 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity……………………..2021 Issuer Financial Statements (page 133) 
Cash Flow Statement for Financial Years……………………………….2021 Issuer Financial Statements (page 134) 
Notes to Financial Statements as at 31 December 2021………2021 Issuer Financial Statements (page 135 
to 161) 
Certifications……..................................………………………….….……Not incorporated by reference (included in 
the 2021 Issuer’s statutory audit report and 
auditors’ report) 
2022 Issuer statutory audit report and auditors’ report…………………………………………………….……….All pages  
2021 Issuer statutory audit report and auditors’ report…………………………………………………….……….All pages 
 
2022 Parent Consolidated Financial Statements  
Statements of Consolidated Financial Position……..…..……………2022 Parent Financial Statements (page 14) 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Profit 
and 
Loss 
and 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income…………………………………………………………………………………..2022 Parent Financial Statements (page 15) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity….2022 Parent Financial Statements (page 16) 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement……..…..……………....……………2022 Parent Financial Statements (page 17) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements……..…………….2022 Parent Financial Statements (page 18 
to 50) 
Legal certification of the Accounts……..…..……………….................2022 Parent Financial Statements (page 52 
to 53) 
2021 Parent Consolidated Financial Statements  
Statements of Consolidated Financial Position……..…..…………...2021 Parent Financial Statements (page 14) 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Profit 
and 
Loss 
and 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income……..……………………………………………………………………………2021 Parent Financial Statements (page 15) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity…..2021 Parent Financial Statements (page 16)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement……..…..……………....…....……..2021 Parent Financial Statements (page 17) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements……..………………2021 Parent Financial Statements (page 18 
to 49) 
Legal certification of the Accounts……..…..……………………………….2021 Parent Financial Statements (page 51 
to 52) 
2023 Issuer First Half Results Presentation 
P&L…………………………………………………………………………..2023 Issuer First Half Results Presentation (page 20) 
Balance Sheet…………………………………………………………...2023 Issuer First Half Results Presentation (page 21) 
2023 Issuer First Half Results 
Condensed 
Statement 
of 
Profit 
or 
Loss 
and 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income……………………………………………………………………………………………2023 Issuer First Half Results (page 5) 
Summarised Balance Sheet…………………………………………………………......2023 Issuer First Half Results (page 6) 
Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. base prospectus related to the Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme  
Base prospectus dated 2 March 2012 
Terms and Conditions …………………………………………………………………………………..……....…….…..Page 138 to 175 
Base prospectus dated 4 July 2014 
Terms and Conditions ………………………………………………………...………..………………………………….Page 124 to 160 
Base prospectus dated 16 November 2016 
Terms and Conditions ………………………………………………………...…………………………………………...Page 126 to 162 
Base prospectus dated 16 July 2021 
Terms and Conditions ………………………………………………………...…………………………………………...Page 136 to 177

--- Page 57 ---
57 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENTS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, supplements to this Base Prospectus may be prepared 
by the Issuer and approved by the CSSF pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplements (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if, at any time during the duration of the 
Programme, a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes arises and 
which inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an 
investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, and of the rights attaching to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes 
and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER, THE PARENT AND THE BRISA GROUP 
CORPORATE ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE BRISA GROUP 
Corporate Reorganisation  
In December 2010 the Brisa Group concluded a corporate reorganisation process with the primary goal 
to improve efficiency and rationalise resources while ensuring the high-quality standards that make the 
Brisa Group a major operator of motorway concessions.  
Within this process, part of the operation and maintenance activities were transferred from Brisa to Brisa 
- O&M, S.A. (“Brisa O&M”) and all the research and development related activities were concentrated in 
AtoBe – Mobility Technology, S.A. (formerly known as Brisa - Inovação e Tecnologia, S.A. until March 
2019), another subsidiary of Brisa. 
In addition, the Main Concession was transferred from Brisa to the Issuer, which was at the time a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Brisa. The corporate debt of Brisa was transferred to the Issuer at the same time as 
the transfer of the Main Concession. The Issuer was, and is, ring fenced, with its activities restricted to the 
Main Concession and insulated from the activities of the remainder of the Brisa Group. 
Following these transfers, Brisa transferred the shares it held in the share capital of the Issuer to a newly 
incorporated holding company, Brisa Participações, SGPS, S.A., which was wholly owned by Brisa. The 
shares held by Brisa Participações, SGPS, S.A. in the Issuer were subsequently transferred to another 
newly incorporated holding company, the Parent. 
Brisa will continue to develop certain operational activities (such as the provision of fleet management 
services, the abovementioned operation and maintenance services and other shared services).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Corporate Chart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brisa AE S.A. = Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. 
Brisa O&M = Brisa - O&M, S.A. 
VVP = Via Verde Portugal - Gestão de Sistemas Electrónicos de Cobrança, S.A. 
BRAS = Brisa Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A. 
BAS = Brisa Áreas de Serviços, S.A. 
BIO = Brisa Infraestruturas e Operação, S.A. 
BGI = BGI - Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas, S.A.  
VVS = Via Verde Serviços, S.A. 
VVCC = Via Verde Connected Cars, S.A. 
Controlauto = Controlauto – Controlo Técnico Automóvel, S.A. 
Controlauto Açores = Controlauto Açores – Controlo Técnico Automóvel, S.A. 
AtoBe = AtoBe - Mobility Technology, S.A.  
A-to-Be USA = A-to-Be USA LLC 
Controlauto III = Controlauto III Serviços, S.A. 
Brisal = Brisal - Auto-Estradas do Litoral, S.A. 
Brisa 
Internacional 
SGPS 
Via Oeste  
SGPS 
Brisa 
O&M 
AEA 
VVP 
Controlar 
BCR SGPS 
Brisa 
International 
BV (NL) 
BPE (Brazil) 
Brisa AE S.A. 
Brisal 
AEBT 
AELO 
ELOS 
TIIC 
SICIT 
Brisa 
International 
Investments 
BV (NL)  
BRAS 
BAS 
BGI 
Ring fenced 
VVS 
VVCC 
AtoBe 
A-to-Be USA 
Controlauto 
III 
Geira 
BCR, S.A. 
(Main Concession) 
BIO 
Controlauto 
Controlauto 
Açores 
Group Companies (full consolidation) 
Associated Companies (equity method) 
Other financial investments

--- Page 60 ---
60 
AEBT = AEBT - Auto-Estradas do Baixo Tejo, S.A. 
AELO = AELO - Auto-Estradas do Litoral Oeste, S.A. 
ELOS = ELOS - Ligações de Alta Velocidade, S.A. 
Via Oeste SGPS = Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A. 
AEA = Auto-Estradas do Atlântico - Concessões Rodoviárias de Portugal, S.A. 
Geira = Geira, S.A. 
BCR SGPS = Brisa Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. 
BCR = Brisa Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. 
Brisa International BV (NL) = Brisa International, B.V. 
Brisa International Investments BV (NL) = Brisa International Investments, B.V. 
Brisa Internacional SGPS = Brisa Internacional, SGPS, S.A. 
BPE (Brazil) = Brisa Participações e Empreendimentos LTDA. 
Controlar = Controlar, S.A. 
TIIC = Transport Infrastructure Investment Company (TIIC) 
SICIT = SICIT - Sociedade de Investimentos e Consultoria em Infra-Estruturas de Transportes, S.A.  
Brisa is currently wholly held by Rubicone BidCo, S.A. – a vehicle wholly held, directly and indirectly, by 
José de Mello Investimentos, SGPS, S.A. and a consortium of international investors (APG Asset 
Management N.V., National Pension Service of the Republic of Korea and Swiss Life Asset Managers) –, 
holding 100 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights of Brisa.  
Following the merger of Brisa Participações, SGPS, S.A., the former holding company of the Parent, into 
Brisa in December 2014 and the sale of 4 stakes representing, in aggregate, 30 per cent. of the share 
capital and voting rights of the Parent to various Portuguese and Brazilian investors in June 2015, the 
share capital and voting rights of the Parent are currently 70 per cent. held by Brisa.  
Currently, Brisa holds the majority of the share capital and voting rights in the Issuer indirectly through 
the Parent.  
THE ISSUER 
Issuer Overview and General Corporate Information 
The Issuer is a limited liability company (sociedade anónima) registered in Portugal on 3 June 1992, 
organised under the laws of Portugal, incorporated for an unlimited period of time and registered with 
the Commercial Registry Office of Cascais under sole registration and tax payer number 502 790 024. Until 
14 May 2010, the Issuer was named M.Call Serviços de Telecomunicações, S.A. (which in turn resulted 
from the merger of Moraudiotel, Lda. and Mega Call, Lda.). The Issuer has its registered head office at

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Quinta da Torre da Aguilha - Edifício Brisa, in São Domingos de Rana, Portugal, and its telephone number 
is +351 214 448 500. 
According to the information disclosed by the European Association of Operators of Toll Road 
Infrastructures (ASECAP), the Issuer is one of the largest European motorway companies and operates the 
concession for a network that currently comprises 1100.2 km of roads and provides the main Portuguese 
road connections, from north to south and east to west. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the only shareholder of the Issuer is Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, 
SGPS, S.A., as further described below. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer has a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 75,000,000.00, represented 
by 15,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of Euro 5 each. In accordance with Article 4 of the 
Issuer’s articles of association, its corporate purpose comprises the construction, maintenance and 
development of highways and respective service areas, under a concession agreement, as well as research 
and execution of social equipment infrastructures and, additionally, the exercise of any ancillary activities 
to the abovementioned, in accordance with the Concession Contract and as further detailed in 
“Description of the Concession Contract” below. 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are, to a material extent, relevant to the 
evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may result in a change in its 
control. 
Contractual Structure  
The Issuer has entered into six main agreements with other companies in the Brisa Group, which are 
aimed at enabling the Issuer to carry out the activity relating to the Main Concession.  
All these agreements have been entered into on arms’ length terms and at market prices and have no 
cross dependencies. Additionally, all such agreements with Brisa Group companies can be terminated, 
with the Issuer benefiting from appropriate termination rights and, in relation to the major contracts, 
penalty regimes linked to performance standards. There are no cross-default provisions. The Issuer does 
not currently expect that the replacement of such agreements will trigger a significant cost increase or 
material impact on the level of service, in the case of a failure to perform or the insolvency of the relevant 
provider companies.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Operation & Maintenance Agreement 
The counterparty to this agreement is Brisa O&M, a company incorporated under Portuguese law in 2001 
under the name of “Brisa Assistência Rodoviária, S.A.” and was renamed “Brisa – O&M, S.A.” in December 
2009. As part of the corporate reorganisation, part of Brisa’s activities relating to operation and 
maintenance were transferred in December 2009 from Brisa to Brisa O&M along with all the operational 
staff involved in such activities. As result of this, since early January 2010 Brisa O&M has been providing 
operation and maintenance services to all domestic road concessions of the Brisa Group (other than the 
Litoral Centro and the Douro Litoral concessions, in which the operation and maintenance services are 
still provided by Brisa). Brisa O&M is currently entirely held by Brisa (after the merger of Brisa Serviços 
Viários SGPS, S.A. into Brisa). 
The O&M Agreement transfers the operational risks associated with the responsibilities of the Issuer 
towards the Grantor on a full back-to-back to Brisa O&M. The main operating activities that will, under 
this agreement, be performed by Brisa O&M are, inter alia, the following: 
(i) 
using the Issuer’s operational coordination centre, the nationwide operational coordination for all 
the network (patrolling, accidents, traffic control, call boxes, variable message panels, video 
cameras and global communications); 
(ii) 
performance of manual toll collections; 
Brisa Auto-estradas S.A. 
BGI 
Brisa O&M 
Brisa Concessão 
Rodoviária 
SGPS 
VVP 
Management 
Consultancy 
Services 
Agreement 
         + 
Shared 
Services 
Agreement 
Engineering 
and 
Technical 
Services 
Agreement 
Operation & 
Maintenance 
Agreement 
Brisa Concessão 
 Rodoviária 
S.A. 
Via Verde 
Agreement 
Concession 
Contract 
Grantor 
Financial ring-fencing 
BAS 
Management of 
Service Areas 
Subconcession 
Agreement 
(catering and 
common spaces) 
Service Contracts 
Sub-concession Contract

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(iii) 
consolidation of all toll transactions (manual and electronic), subsequent reporting and global 
monitoring, including revenue assurance; 
(iv) 
surveillance and patrolling of the motorways, including when needed assistance to drivers; 
(v) 
current maintenance of infrastructures (pavements, engineering works, joints, embankments, 
safety equipment, road marking, signalling, amongst others); 
(vi) 
current environmental maintenance (pruning, sweeping, litter and waste);  
(vii) 
current electric and electronic maintenance (telecom network, call boxes network, ITS, weather 
stations, video surveillance, power supply network, amongst others); 
(viii) 
current toll equipment maintenance (manual and electronic toll collection equipment, including 
correspondent hardware and software); 
(ix) 
customer care (through its operational centres, but also coordinating and subcontracting customer 
care to Via Verde Portugal, S.A. (“VVP”) and call centres); and 
(x) 
back office tasks. 
The O&M Agreement is similar to all other operation and maintenance contracts of Brisa O&M with other 
concessionaires in the Portuguese road sector, the clauses of which have been validated by the lenders 
to these projects and by the Grantor, as well as by the companies themselves and their shareholders. The 
O&M Agreement has no cross dependencies with any other contract. It is capable of being terminated 
and all the sub-contracts entered into by Brisa O&M are capable of being assumed by the Issuer or another 
entity proposed by the Issuer on termination. 
The O&M Agreement and other agreements must be evaluated, yearly, by the Portuguese tax authorities 
according to the “transfer prices regime” to ensure that their terms are on a market price basis. 
Additionally, it is important to note that the O&M Agreement can be easily transferred to other entities 
or brought under the control of the Issuer, if needed, given that: 
(i) 
a significant part of the contract’s scope is subcontracted; 
(ii) 
almost all of the assets utilised (structures, equipment, software, etc.) belong to the Issuer and 
those assets which are not owned by the Issuer are non-critical and can be quickly and easily 
obtained; 
(iii) 
only minor temporary decreases in efficiency or productivity are likely to occur, given that the 
permanent monitoring activities in place will allow negative impacts to be anticipated and 
minimised; 
(iv) 
precedents suggest that the costs involved in such a transfer will be non-material; and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(v) 
the agreement has no provision or clause that, in any way, would prevent or cause any difficulty, 
if terminated, in any other contract, nor any provision or clause that contaminates this agreement 
in relation to any event happening in any other Brisa O&M contract. 
Via Verde Agreement 
The counterparty to this agreement is VVP, a company incorporated under Portuguese law in 2001. VVP 
provides one of Brisa’s most prominent services, the Via Verde, which is an automatic payment system 
that allows non-stop electronic toll payment by means of radio communication between an on-board unit 
(OBU) and the roadside equipment (RSE). The system is currently available on the tolled network of all 
domestic motorway concessions and on both Lisbon bridges operated by Lusoponte (25 de Abril and 
Vasco da Gama). In fact, all the concessionaires are contractually obliged to accept Via Verde units as a 
means of payment. 
With this innovative system installed nation-wide, Portugal became the first country in the world to have 
a non-stop electronic toll network. The Via Verde system through the OBU is also available in underground 
car parks belonging to different operators, in Galp fuel stations, in McDonald’s McDrive restaurants, in 
Atlantic Ferries (operating between Setúbal and Tróia) and in some drive-through pharmacies. It is also 
possible to enter some Portuguese historical areas with restricted access using the Via Verde OBU. Other 
Via Verde services are paid using the Via Verde smartphone application instead of the OBU, such as street 
parking (in many Portuguese cities) and public transportation (Fertagus). Additionally, the Via Verde 
system was extended to motorways across the border with Spain. The interoperable network is available 
on several Spanish motorways but is expected to be extended to all Spanish motorways in the near future. 
Via Verde is currently used on over 3,000 kilometres of motorways and bridges, in 240 car parks and in 
street parking in 46 cities, accounting for approximately 84 per cent. of toll transactions in Portugal.  
VVP is 75 per cent. owned by Brisa and 25 per cent. owned by Ascendi, SGPS, S.A..  
VVP performs, inter alia, the following services: 
(i) 
managing the technological infrastructure of the Via Verde system within the Main Concession; 
(ii) 
processing Via Verde transactions; 
(iii) 
managing payments and issuing/sending statements/invoices; 
(iv) 
processing photographs; 
(v) 
ensuring compliance with the rules applicable to the use of toll lanes equipped with the Via 
Verde system; and 
(vi) 
assisting user call centres.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Engineering and Technical Services Agreement 
The counterparty to the Engineering and Technical Services Agreement is Brisa Engenharia e Gestão, S.A., 
renamed to Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas (“BGI”), a company incorporated under Portuguese law in 
2002, which started its activity in April of the same year. BGI has been the engineering arm of the Brisa 
Group involved in managing large construction projects related not only to new motorway concessions 
like Litoral Centro or Douro Litoral, but also to new motorway stretches or widening works within the 
Main Concession. It has been involved in the past with some significant engineering challenges like the 
new Tagus river bridge, which after completion in 2007 became part of the A10 motorway. BGI is entirely 
owned by Brisa (after the merger of Brisa Serviços Viários SGPS, S.A. into Brisa). 
BGI performs, inter alia, the following services: 
(i) 
assisting in technical issues relating to the Main Concession; 
(ii) 
managing and coordinating agreements to be entered into by the Issuer with companies providing 
assessments and projects in respect of works related with the Main Concession; 
(iii) 
managing and performing the purchase of property required for the execution of works related 
with the Main Concession; 
(iv) 
managing and monitoring the performance of works related with the Main Concession; 
(v) 
coordinating safety and health issues during the project and construction phases of the Main 
Concession; 
(vi) 
environmental management and project management in relation to works related with the Main 
Concession; and 
(vii) 
managing pavement, bridges, slopes and structural works. 
Management Consultancy Services Agreement  
The counterparty to this agreement is Brisa, a company incorporated under Portuguese law in 1972 and 
with its head office located in São Domingos de Rana. Brisa is the heading company of Brisa Group and 
was prior to the recent corporate reorganisation the company holding directly the Brisa Concession since 
its inception in 1972 through the Decree-Law no. 467/72, of 22 November 1972. As the parent company 
for the Brisa Group, Brisa has a corporate centre that provides administrative, financial and other specific 
consultancy services to most of the group companies, including the Issuer. 
Under the Management Consultancy Services Agreement, Brisa supports the Issuer’s management by 
offering specific consultancy services, such as: 
(i) 
guidelines for strategic policies covering human resources, systems architecture, reporting 
procedures, risk assessments, regulatory compliance, amongst others; 
(ii) 
advice on financial risk management;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(iii) 
assistance in procuring specialist legal and tax consultancy services;  
(iv) 
support in budgeting processes; 
(v) 
provision of forecasts in relation to expected traffic growth and evolution; 
(vi) 
analysis of investments requirements based on traffic indicators; and 
(vii) 
proposals to optimise business performance and resource planning. 
Shared Services Agreement 
The counterparty to this agreement is Brisa, and under the Shared Services Agreement Brisa performs the 
following services on behalf of the Issuer: 
(i) 
financial services, namely regarding the Issuer’s accounting, funding, financing and treasury; 
(ii) 
back-office services, namely inventory, asset and premises management, payroll, human 
resources; 
(iii) 
information technology services; and 
(iv) 
internal legal and external marketing services. 
Management, Exploitation, Commercial Development, Maintenance and Conservation of Service Areas 
Subconcession Agreement (the “Management of Service Areas Subconcession Agreement”) 
The counterparty to this agreement is Brisa Áreas de Serviço, S.A. (“BAS”) and, under the Management of 
Service Areas Subconcession Agreement, BAS performs the following services on behalf of the Issuer: 
(i) 
renewal, improvement, operation and maintenance of the mini-market, cafeteria and restaurants 
spaces existing in the BCR´s service areas under the Colibri brand; 
(ii) 
operation, maintenance and conservation of the service areas’ exterior common spaces; 
(iii) 
management of the fuel supply and convenience stores agreements entered into by BCR with the 
major oil companies in Portugal; 
(iv) 
management of the electrical charging stations for electric vehicles agreements, concluded with 
major oil and electrical companies; 
(v) 
management of the auto-workshop agreement in Oeiras; and 
(vi) 
management of the hotels agreement for the operation and maintenance of the Oeiras, Santarém, 
Coronado-Trofa and Águas Santas hotels.  
Business Overview of the Issuer 
The information described in this section relates to the Main Concession only and in many areas reflects 
historical data from the period when the Main Concession was directly held under Brisa’s ownership. 
Given the importance of the Main Concession to the Brisa Group, a substantial amount of information 
specific to the Main Concession has always been disclosed in the past by Brisa. For information on the 
impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Issuer’s business see the “Trend Information” section below.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
There are no relevant investments made since the date of the last published financial statements of the 
Issuer, or relevant future investments of the Issuer, on which its management bodies have made firm 
commitments.  
Operational Network 
The motorway network concessioned to the Issuer consists of 12 motorways, covering 1,124 km, including 
the future access to the new Lisbon airport (or any other location that may be determined by the 
competent state authorities). Currently, the Issuer directly operates, through the Concession Contract as 
further detailed in “Description of the Concession Contract” below, only 11 motorways totalling 1,100.2 
km in length, of which 1,014.1 km consist of tolled network.  
The evolution of the network under operation may be presented as follows:  
 
The Issuer’s network will be completed with the construction of the access motorway to the new Lisbon 
(or any other location that may be determined by the competent authorities) airport. The final length of 
such access motorway will depend on the airport’s location. 
The Issuer’s network runs from north to south, east to west, including the country’s main road axes, 
namely the coastal corridor and the Lisbon-Madrid connection. It further includes important circular roads 
around the metropolitan areas of Lisbon and Oporto. 
The Concession Contract is scheduled to expire at the end of 2035, following the amendments to the 
contract negotiated in 2008 with the Portuguese State. 
Motorways with one lane in each direction represent 5.6 km or approximately 1 per cent. of the total 
network in operation whereas the ones with two lanes in either direction account for 790.3 km or 72 per 
cent. of the total network in operation, 26 per cent. of the network (corresponding to 285.6 km) has three 
lanes and the remaining 18.7 km (about 1 per cent.) has four lanes in each direction. The 1100.2 km in 
operation are distributed among the 11 motorways as shown in the table below.  
437
1100
0
200
400
600
800
1000
1200
Kms
Evolution of the network under operation (in Kms)

--- Page 68 ---
68 
  
BCR network length in km 
Motorways 
Toll-
free 
With toll 
Total 
2x1  
lanes 
2x2 
lanes 
2x3  
lanes 
2x4  
lanes 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
A1 - Auto-estrada do Norte 
17.4 
279.1 
296.5 
1.3 
156.2 
131.7 
7.3 
A2 - Auto-estrada do Sul 
9.6 
225.2 
234.8 
0.0 
202.8 
32.0 
0.0 
A3 - Auto-estrada Porto - Valença 
11.5 
101.3 
112.8 
0.0 
91.6 
12.8 
8.4 
A4 - Auto-estrada Porto - Amarante 
3.0 
48.3 
51.3 
0.0 
48.3 
0.0 
3.0 
A5 - Auto-estrada da Costa do Estoril 
8.1 
16.9 
25.0 
0.0 
2.3 
22.7 
0.0 
A6 - Auto-estrada Marateca - Elvas 
19.1 
138.8 
157.9 
0.0 
157.9 
0.0 
0.0 
A9 - Circular Regional Externa de Lisboa 
0.0 
34.4 
34.4 
0.0 
0.0 
34.4 
0.0 
A10 - Auto-estrada Bucelas - Carregado - IC3 
0.0 
39.8 
39.8 
0.0 
7.4 
32.4 
0.0 
A12 - Auto-estrada Setúbal - Montijo 
4.3 
24.8 
29.1 
4.3 
5.2 
19.6 
0.0 
A13 - Auto-estrada Almeirim - Marateca 
0.0 
78.7 
78.7 
0.0 
78.7 
0.0 
0.0 
A14 - Auto-estrada Figueira da Foz - Coimbra 
(Norte) 
13.1 
26.8 
39.9 
0.0 
39.9 
0.0 
0.0 
Total 
86.1 
1 014.1 
1 100.2 
5.6 
790.3 
285.6 
18.7 
 
Expansion, widening and maintenance 
In 2022, BCR invested in the network with a view to ensuring the continuation of high level of safety and 
comfort of those travelling on motorways. 
Investment in ongoing projects  
• 
Rehabilitation and strengthening of the viaduct over Rio Este (A3), rehabilitation of 3 upper 
passages on the A13 and rehabilitation of the Vila Franca de Xira viaduct (A1); 
• 
Stabilisation of the embankment of the km 26+000 (i.e., km 26 and 000 meters) descending 
direction (A9);  
• 
Surface improvement and reinforcement in the Porto (VCI) - EN12 - Águas Santas (A3) subsections; 
and 
• 
Local improvements and rejuvenating treatment on the Santarém - A1/A15 - Torres Novas 
(A1/A23) subsections of the A1. 
Investment in completed projects 
• 
Structural rehabilitation of the central and south tunnels of Águas Santas (A4); 
• 
Redesigning of the Ermesinde junction (A4); 
• 
Rehabilitation of the viaduct at EN308 (A3); 
• 
Slope stabilisation at Km 15+500 (i.e., km 15 and 500 meters), 16+700 (i.e., km 16 and 700 meters) 
and at the Odivelas junction (A9); 
• 
Improvements and resurfacing of the Elvas Poente - EN246 (A6) subsection; and 
• 
Local improvements and rejuvenating treatment on the Pombal – Soure – Condeixa (A1) 
subsections.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
In the first half of 2023, major repairs on the BCR network were mainly related to pavement works on A1, 
A3 and A6, the rehabilitation of viaducts on A1 and A3, and slope stabilisation on A1 and A9. 
Direct investment in the network  
Direct investment in the network under concession totalled Euro 64.2 million in the year ended 31 
December 2022 and Euro 46.1 million in the year ended 31 December 2021, consisting mainly of major 
repairs (pavement, engineering works and slopes), which though considered as expenditure, are 
nevertheless accounted for as operating costs. 
€m 
2022 
2021 
Widening works 
13.4 
6.9 
Major repairs 
31.6 
24.1 
Other (equipment, supervision, etc.) 
19.2 
15.1 
Total 
64.2 
46.1 
Direct investment in the BCR network under concession amounted to Euro 24.3 million in the period 
ended 30 June 2023 and Euro 18.8 million in the same period of the previous year. 
€m 
1H23 
1H22 
Widening works 
0.4 
5.2 
Major repairs 
18.0 
7.1 
Other (equipment, supervision, etc.) 
5.9 
6.5 
Total 
24.3 
18.8 
Traffic overview 
In 2022, the Average Annual Daily Traffic (“AADT”) recorded by the Issuer totalled 21,359 vehicles per 
day, reaching levels similar to those recorded in 2019, before the Covid-19 pandemic (i.e. 21,373 vehicles 
per day). Compared to 2021, traffic increased by 15.1 per cent., benefiting from the low volume of traffic 
registered at the beginning of 2021 as a result of the various mobility restrictions that were in effect at 
the time. Throughout the second half of 2022, there were higher traffic volumes than in 2019, with an 
emphasis on the summer months. All motorways in the concession recorded increases in demand 
compared to 2021.  
 Traffic breakdown 
2022 
Traffic (vehicles per km) 
15.1% 
Organic growth 
14.2% 
Calendar and other effects 
0.9% 
ADT 
21 359 
Total (YoY Change) 
15.1%

--- Page 70 ---
70 
AADT in the first half of 2023 was 21,566 vehicles per day, with traffic increasing by 12.0 per cent. 
compared to the same period of the previous year, supported by improvements in macroeconomic 
conditions over the first half of the year and by the removal of the mobility restrictions that were still in 
place at the beginning of 2022. The 12.0 per cent. traffic increase breaksdown into an increase of 12.1 per 
cent. in organic growth and a negative contribution of -0.1 per cent. of calendar and other effects. 
Traffic breakdown by motorway 
All concession motorways experienced increases in demand in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of the 
recorded economic recovery. 
Traffic Growth per Motorway (ADT) 
 
 
 
Relative Volume of Traffic on each Motorway (ADT) 
 
In the first half of 2023, all motorways also posted a positive traffic evolution when compared to the 
first half of 2022.  
 
 
 
 
 
Traffic analysis by class of vehicle (ADT) 
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
A1
A2
A3
A4
A5
A6
A9
A10
A12
A13
A14
2021
2022
16,5%16,5%16,2%
13,0%12,6%
22,3%
13,2%
16,5%
11,0%
26,1%
8,6%
16,0%
A1
A2
A3
A4
A5
A6
A9
A10 A12 A13 A14 BCR
14,3% 14,3%
18,5%
10,2%
17,9%
22,1% 23,9%
16,1% 15,9%
9,3%
7,0%
15,1%
A1
A2
A3
A4
A5
A6
A9
A10
A12
A13
A14
BCR
YoY traffic growth motorway (FY2021) 
YoY traffic growth motorway (FY2022) 
11,9%11,7%11,6% 9,9% 9,2% 10,5%
21,5%
16,6%
12,2%
16,6%
7,4%
12,0%
A1
A2
A3
A4
A5
A6
A9
A10 A12 A13 A14 BCR
YoY traffic growth motorway (1st half of 2023)
30,7%33,8%32,8%
21,9%
32,3%
39,3%
29,2%31,9%
25,0%
16,7%
31,3%
A1
A2
A3
A4
A5
A6
A9
A10 A12 A13 A14 BCR
YoY traffic growth motorway (1st half of 2022)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
In 2022, the analysis of traffic by type of vehicle shows a more favourable evolution for light vehicles 
versus heavy vehicles. ADT growth for light vehicles was 15.7 per cent. and 8.2 per cent. for heavy 
vehicles. Light vehicles account for 93.6 per cent. of total traffic on the BCR network. 
Traffic structure by Toll Class                                                         Traffic Structure by Class of Vehicle 
Class 
2021 
2022 
class 1 
81.4% 
81.9% 
class 2 
11.8% 
11.7% 
class 3 
0.7% 
0.7% 
class 4 
6.1% 
5.8% 
Total 
100% 
100% 
 
In the first half of 2023, the analysis of traffic structure by class of vehicle shows a more favourable 
evolution for light vehicles versus heavy vehicles. ADT growth for light vehicles was 12.3 per cent. and 8.1 
per cent. for heavy vehicles. The weight of light vehicles in total traffic increased to 93.3 per cent.. 
Tolls 
The applicable toll for a vehicle using a motorway section is calculated by multiplying the following three 
components (rounded to the nearest 5 cents): (i) the tariff rate applicable to that particular class of 
vehicle; (ii) the distance in kilometres of the applicable motorway section; and (iii) the VAT rate, which is 
currently 23 per cent.. 
The tariff rates currently applied on each motorway section correspond to the original rate set at the time 
when the relevant motorway or section entered into service (on the basis of a value defined in the relevant 
concession contract), such rates being annually adjusted so as to reflect the inflation rate. Unless 
approved by the relevant Portuguese regulatory authority, the annual inflationary re-adjustments cannot 
exceed 100 per cent. of the annual percentage increase in the CPI (inflation index), with the full increase 
reverting, until 2011, to the Issuer and, from 2012 until the end of the concession, reverting to both the 
Issuer and Infraestruturas de Portugal, S.A. (previously denominated EP – Estradas de Portugal, S.A.) 
(“Infraestruturas de Portugal”). The Issuer is entitled to receive 90 per cent. of the annual CPI increase 
plus 15 per cent. of the difference between an update of 100 per cent. and 90 per cent. of the CPI, roughly 
91.5 per cent. of the annual increase; Infraestruturas de Portugal will receive 85 per cent. of the 
abovementioned difference, roughly 8.5 per cent. of the annual increase.  
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 87-A/2022, of 29 December 2022, the toll tariffs under the Main Concession 
have been exceptionally updated for 2023. Due to the abnormal and unpredictable increase in the 
inflation rate, the toll tariffs have been increased by 4.9 per cent.. Furthermore, the Portuguese State 
undertook to pay a direct compensation to the concessionaire corresponding to the difference between 
a hypothetical increase of 7.7 per cent. to the toll tariffs and the actual 4.9 per cent. increase 
implemented. In the first four annual updates after the 2023 update, the concessionaires may make an 
update increase of 0.1 percentage points, in addition to the contractually defined annual update. 
93,20%
93,60%
6,80%
6,40%
2021
2022
Light Vehicles
Heavy Vehicles

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Corporate Structure 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer that has been elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held 
on 23 April 2021 for the financial years 2021 – 2023 consists of eleven directors, of which three are 
independent. The independent directors are each required to satisfy the following requirements: 
▪ 
Not have any executive duties in the Issuer; 
▪ 
Not to be affected by any impediment foreseen in Article 414-A(1) of the Portuguese Companies 
Code, except for the one provided in respective sub-paragraph b); 
▪ 
Not exercise nor have they exercised any management role (executive or otherwise) for any related 
parties. 
The Board of Directors manages the Issuer’s affairs. The day-to-day operation of the Issuer’s activities is 
conducted by the Managing Director. 
Shareholders Meeting 
Board of Directors 
• 
Elects the Board of Directors 
• 
Elects the Audit Board and 
appoints the external auditor 
• 
Approves the annual report and 
the allocation of profits 
• 
Approves amendments to the 
articles of association 
• 
Elected for three-year mandate. Members 
can be re-elected 
• 
Remuneration defined by resolution of the 
shareholders meeting or by an independent 
committee elected by the shareholders 
meeting 
• 
Approves internal regulations 
• 
Approves plans and budgets 
• 
Decides on financing 
• 
Approves balance sheets and financial reports 
to be submitted to the shareholders meeting 
• 
Delegates the daily management of the Issuer 
to a director 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime applicable in Portugal. 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and their principal current and past affiliations are 
set forth below. The business address of the directors of the Issuer is Quinta da Torre de Aguilha, Edifício 
Brisa, in São Domingos de Rana, Cascais.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Board of Directors 
Chairman 
António de Magalhães 
Pires de Lima 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., Brisa Concessão 
Rodoviária, S.A., Brisa – Infraestruturas e Operação, 
S.A., Brisa O&M, S.A., BGI – Brisa Gestão de 
Infraestruturas, S.A., Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - 
Internacional, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Áreas de Serviços, 
S.A., Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A., Via Verde 
Portugal – Gestão de Sistemas Eletrónicos de 
Cobrança, S.A., Via Verde Serviços, S.A., and is a 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa - Auto-
Estradas de Portugal, S.A. exercising the role of Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) thereof. Graduated in 
Economics from Universidade Católica de Lisboa 
MBA (IESE). 
From 1993 to 2005, he exercised the functions of 
Chief Executive Officer at Compal, from 2006 to 
2013, he exercised the functions of Chief Executive 
Officer of Unicer, Bebidas de Portugal, S.A.. He was 
appointed Minister of Economy (Portugal) and 
exercised his functions from 2013 to 2015. From 
2016 to 2020 he was an Operating Partner at Advent 
Private Equity and a non-executive member at Grupo 
Media Capital, SGPS, S.A.. He also exercised the 
functions of non-executive member at Fundação de 
Serralves from 2016-2022 and of Chief Technical 
Officer of Parfois from 2017 to 2019. From 2017 to 
2020 he was also a non-executive member of 
Horizon Equity Partners and from 2019 to 2020 he 
was a non-executive member of Sumol+Compal, 
among other executive duties. 
He is also a Senior Advisor of Bank of America and 
Chairman of the Business Council for Sustainable 
Development and the Sintra Strategic Business 
Council.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Managing 
Director 
(Administrador 
Delegado) 
Manuel Rebelo Teixeira 
de Melo Ramos 
Managing Director of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. 
since 
2018. 
Master 
in 
Business 
and 
Administration, 
IE 
Business 
School 
(Madrid). 
Graduated in Economics from Nova University 
(Lisbon). From 2005 to 2018 was Head of Strategic 
Planning at Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. 
and was a non-executive Director of several Brisa 
Group companies. From 2002 to 2003 was a member 
of the Minister’s Cabinet of the Ministry of Defense 
(Portugal). From 1999 to 2002 was an Economic 
Affairs Attaché in the Portuguese Embassy in Rome 
(Italy). From 1995 to 1999 was a Corporate Finance 
Analyst/Senior Analyst at Banco Mello, S.A. 
(Portugal). Currently is a Member of the Board of 
Directors of Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., 
Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. (Executive 
Member), Brisa O&M, S.A. (CEO), Via Oeste, SGPS, 
S.A., Brisa - Internacional, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Áreas de 
Serviço, S.A., Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A., 
Brisal - Auto-Estradas do Litoral, S.A., AEBT – Auto-
Estradas do Baixo Tejo, S.A., Auto-Estradas do 
Atlântico – Concessões Rodoviárias de Portugal, S.A., 
Brisa – Infraestruturas e Operação, S.A. (CEO) and 
BGI - Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas, S.A. (CEO). 
Member 
Daniel Alexandre 
Miguel Amaral 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and of Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. Member of the Board of 
Directors of Brisa – Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. 
(Executive Member), since 2011. Degree in Business 
Management from ISEG (Instituto Superior de 
Economia e Gestão). Joined Caixa Geral de Depósitos 
Group in October 1996, having held the roles of 
Coordinating Director at Caixa – Banco de 
Investimento, S.A., from 2003 to 2008, and Executive 
Director at CREDIP – Instituição Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A., from 2007 to 2008. Was a member of 
the 
European 
Infrastructure 
Team 
of

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Babcock&Brown from 2008 to 2009. He is currently 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Brisal – Auto-
Estradas do Litoral, S.A. and AEBT – Auto-Estradas do 
Baixo Tejo, S.A., and is a member of the Board of 
Directors of Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - 
Internacional SGPS, S.A., BRISA - International 
Investments B.V. and Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, 
S.A.. He is also a Partner of Arcus Infrastructure 
Partners LLP and Arcus ISH LLP, and a Manager of 
Maintranche, Unipessoal, Lda.. 
Member 
Eduardo António da 
Costa Ramos 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A., Brisa - Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - 
Internacional, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Roads Áreas de 
Serviço, S.A., Via Verde Portugal – Gestão de 
Sistemas Electrónicos de Cobrança, S.A., Via Verde 
Serviços, S.A. and AtoBe - Mobility Technology, S.A.. 
Executive Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa 
Auto-Estradas 
de 
Portugal, 
S.A.. 
Degree 
in 
Economics from ISEG and MBA from Nova SBE / 
Católica / MIT Lisbon (Lisbon MBA). Also, he is 
currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
CONTROLAUTO – Controlo Técnico Automóvel, S.A. 
CONTROLAUTO III Serviços, S.A., 
Via Verde 
Connected Cars, S.A. and Via Verde Serviços de 
Apoio ao Automobilista, S.A.. He is currently the 
Chairman of the Advisory Board of Brisa - 
Participações e Empreendimentos Ltda (Brazil) and a 
Director of Brisa - International B.V. and Brisa - 
International Investments B.V.. Previous relevant 
professional activity includes the positions of 
Coordinating Director at the Directorate of Business 
Development of Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, 
S.A., Non Executive Director of Brisal – Auto-Estradas 
do Litoral, S.A., CEO at AtoBe - Mobility Technology, 
S.A., Director at Brisa United States, LLC (USA), 
Northwest Parkway, LLC (USA), Vice-Chairman of

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Feedback Brisa Highways (India), Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board at New Mobility Ventures, B.V. 
(The Netherlands), Non-Executive Director of 
Movenience, B.V. (The Netherlands), Deputy 
Director at the Directorate of Finance of Brisa - Auto-
Estradas de Portugal, S.A., Assistant Professor of 
Universidade Católica / FCEE and Management 
Consultant at EY and CapGemini Ernst & Young. 
Member 
Marta 
Brugnini 
de 
Sousa Uva Martinha 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A.. Has held this position 
since 2020 and is a Member of the Board of Directors 
of Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., Via 
Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Internacional, SGPS, S.A., 
Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A., BRISA Áreas de 
Serviço, S.A., Via Verde Portugal, S.A., Via Verde 
Serviços, S.A., AtoBe - Mobility Technology, S.A. 
(CEO), A-to.Be USA LLC (CEO), CONTROLAUTO – 
Controlo Técnico Automóvel, S.A. and Via Verde 
Connected Cars, S.A.. Degree in Management from 
Universidade Católica. She is also an Executive 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa Auto-
Estradas de Portugal, S.A.. From 1991 to 2012, was a 
Director of Brand Operations, Shopper Marketing 
and External Relations at Procter & Gamble Portugal. 
From 2000 to 2012 was a Member of the Board of 
Directors, Chairman of the Executive Committee 
(from 2002 to 2005) and a member of the Executive 
Committee of Sociedade Ponto Verde, S.A.. From 
2013 to 2020, was a Vice President of Operations of 
TIMWETECH. 
Member 
Luís Eduardo Brito 
Freixial de Goes  
Member of Board of Directors of Brisa - Concessão 
Rodoviária, S.A., Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, 
SGPS, S.A. and Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, 
S.A.. Has held this position since 2020. Degree in 
Law from Universidade Católica Portuguesa. He is 
also a Member of the Board of Directors of José de

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Mello Capital, S.A., José de Mello International and 
GEMP Invest, S.A.. He is also the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of José de Mello Imobiliária, 
SGPS, S.A., José de Mello – Investimentos, SGPS, 
S.A., MGI Capital, S.A., Tecnocapital, SGPS, S.A., 
Comitur Imobiliária, S.A., Sociedade Imobiliária e 
Turística do Cojo, S.A., Herdade do Vale da Fonte – 
Soc. Agrícola, Turística e Imobiliária, S.A. and MGI 
Capital – Sistemas de Gestão, S.A.. From 1990 to 
1993, was a member of Deloitte’s Tax Department. 
From 1993 to 1995, was an intern and from 1996 to 
2000 was a corporate and finance specialist at 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados – Sociedade de 
Advogados, SP R.L.. From 2000 to 2004 was a 
Director of the Legal Department of José de Mello 
SGPS. From 2005 to 2012 was the Coordinating 
Director of the legal departments of the José de 
Mello Group and since 2012 is an Executive 
Director of José de Mello Capital, S.A.. 
Member 
Fernando Aboudib 
Camargo 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A.. Law Degree at Federal 
University of Espírito Santo, Brazil. Previous 
relevant professional activity includes the purchase 
of Cabral Corretora de Securities e Valores 
Mobiliários Ltda. He was de founder of Avanti 
Veículos, S.A. and in 1988 founded DISTRIGOLD – 
Distribuidora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários Ltda 
and acquired a shareholding in Nativa Engenharia, 
S.A.. In the 1990s, he acquired RODOSOL – 
Concessionária do Sistema Rodoviária do Espírito 
Santo and INCOSPAL SA.. He also founded UNIMAR 
Transportes Ltda., CISA TRADING S.A., CPV – 
Companhia Portuária de Vila Velha and Unipetro 
Equipamentos Ltda. He also acquired control of 
ENGE URB Ltda, and founded TERVAP-PITANGA 
Mineração e Pavimentação Ltda.. More recently he

--- Page 78 ---
78 
founded Companhia Energética de Petrolina (CEP) 
and Quanta Geração S.A.. He also acquired 80 per 
cent. of HdP – Hoteis de Portugal, SGPS, S.A., and 
founded the Rede InterTV de Comunicação. He is a 
relevant player in real estate development, 
incorporation and construction of residential and 
commercial real estate for rental and use 
throughout Greater Vitória. Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of Comvix Trading, S.A., Incospal Group 
and Rede InterTV de Comunicação, as well as a 
Member of the Board of Directors of Cisa Trading, 
S.A., CPVV - Companhia Portuária de Vila Velha S.A., 
Quanta Geração, S.A., RODOSOL – Concessionária 
Rodovia do Sol S.A. and CEP - Companhia 
Energética de Petrolina, S.A.. In 2014 he was 
chosen as featured Business Leader by FINDES and 
awarded the Order of Industrial Merit by the 
National Confederation of Industry (CNI), the most 
important award in the Brazilian industrial sector, 
conferred by CNI. 
Member 
António José Louçã 
Pargana 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. Founder, shareholder and 
Executive Chairman and Member of the Board of 
Directors of Cisa Trading. He is also a Member of 
the Board of Directors of CEP – Cia. Energética de 
Petrolina, of Quanta Geração S.A. and of CPVV – 
Companhia Portuária de Vila Velha SA. He is a 
former Member of the Board of Directors of 
AMCHAM São Paulo, Conselho da Associação 
Brasileira de Empresas de Comércio Exterior 
(ABECE) and of Conselho da Associação de 
Comércio Exterior do Brasil. From 2005 to 2009, he 
was Chairman of Câmara Portuguesa de Comércio 
in Brazil and from 2008 to 2009 was Chairman of 
Eurocâmaras. He is a Counsellor of Portugal in the 
World, received the “Capixaba Foreign Trade

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Personality” award in 2004 and 2005 and was 
elected several times to the Forum of Business 
Leaders in Brazil. He was also elected State Business 
Leader in 2002 and National Sector Business Leader 
in the Foreign Trade Sector in 2001, 2003, 2004 and 
2005. 
Member 
Miguel José Pereira 
Athayde Marques* 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. since 2010. Non-
Executive Director, Vice Chairman and Lead 
Independent Director at Galp Energia, S.A.. Graduate 
in Business Administration and Management (UCP – 
Católica Lisbon School of Business & Economics) and 
a Ph.D. in business management (University of 
Glasgow, School of Financial Studies, U.K.). Vice-
Rector of UCP, Member of the Board of Trustees of 
UCP and Professor of Management at UCP – Católica 
Lisbon School of Business & Economics. From 2005 
to 2010, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of Euronext Lisbon, S.A. and Interbolsa, S.A. and a 
Member of the Management Committee of NYSE 
Euronext (New York). As part of his responsibilities 
as member of the Managing Board of Euronext N.V. 
(Netherlands), he was also a Member of the Boards 
of Directors of Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam 
and Euronext Brussels. After the merger between 
NYSE and Euronext in 2007, has performed different 
roles at group-wide level, namely Global Head of 
Information Services, Global Head of Indices and 
Head of Group Corporate Responsibility. Between 
2002 and 2004, he was an Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors of Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A. 
He also served in boards of banks and other financial 
services companies in Europe, Africa and Asia. In a 
supervisory capacity, he was Member of the 
Monitoring Committee at Novo Banco, S.A., 
between 2018 and 2019, and Chair of the 
Supervising Board at Caixa Banco de Investimento,

--- Page 80 ---
80 
S.A., between 2013 and 2018, as well as Chair of the 
Supervising Board of Hugin, S.A.S. (Norway). Prior to 
working in banking, was a Member of the Executive 
Committee of Jerónimo Martins, SGPS, S.A. from 
1996 to 2000. From 1992 to 1996, he was Chair of 
the Board of Directors ICEP - Investimentos, 
Comércio e Turismo de Portugal (the Portuguese 
government agency for inward and outward 
investment, export and tourism), where he also was 
Vice-Chair from 1990 to 1992. From 1992 to 1995 he 
was a Non-Executive Director of Banco de Fomento 
e Exterior, S.A. He was also a member of the Advisory 
Board of Grupo Banco Fomento e Exterior between 
1995 and 1996. From 1988 to 1990 he was Advisor 
to the Chairman of the Board of Directors of I.P.E., 
(Investimentos e Participações do Estado, S.A.. Until 
1990, he also served several domestic and foreign 
companies as an advisor, namely S.A.W. (the major 
Chinese heavy vehicles assembler, from 1988 to 
1990), 
E.F.M.D. 
(European 
Foundation 
for 
Management Development in Brussels, from 1988 to 
1990) and, through the Business Administration 
Department of the University of Glasgow, some 
British companies (from 1985 to 1986). Before this, 
he joined Price Waterhouse in Lisbon in 1978 from 
where he left in 1980. He is Chairman of AEM – 
Associação de Empresas Emitentes de Valores 
Cotados em Mercado, having also served during the 
years 
in 
several 
non-profit 
and 
charitable 
organisations. 
Member 
Maria de Fátima 
Henriques da Silva 
Barros Bertoldi* 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. since 2018. Graduated in 
Economics from UCP - Católica Lisbon School of 
Business and Economics in 1986. She was Research 
Student from 1989 to 1990 at London School of 
Economics and has a Ph.D. in Economic Sciences 
from Université Catholique de Louvain. From 2012 to

--- Page 81 ---
81 
2017 was President of the Board of Directors of 
ANACOM and from 2014 to 2016 was Vice-Chair 
(Incoming Chair), Chair and Vice-Chair (Outgoing 
Chair), respectively in each year, at BEREC (Body of 
European 
Regulators 
for 
Electronic 
Communications). From 2004 to 2012 was Dean at 
Católica Lisbon School of Business and Economics 
and from 2001 to 2004 was Associated Dean. From 
1993 to 1999 was an Assistant Professor at UCP - 
Católica Lisbon School of Business and Economics 
and from 1986 to 1998 was a Teaching Assistant. 
Currently is Associate Professor of Economics at UCP 
- Católica Lisbon School of Business and Economics. 
Non-Executive Member of the Supervising Board of 
WARTA and Non-Executive Member of the Board of 
Directors of Banco BPI. She has also served as 
Committee Member of Committee on Corporate 
Governance 
and 
Corporate 
Responsibility 
at 
Jerónimo Martins SGPS, S.A. 
Member 
José Maria Campos da 
Silva André* 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. since 2018. Graduated in 
Mechanical Engineering in 1982 and concluded the 
Doctorate in Mechanical Engineering in 1991 in 
Instituto Superior Técnico. In 1993 graduated in 
Philosophy from the Pontifical University of the Holy 
Cross, Rome and in 1994 obtained a Doctorate from 
the same University. In 2005, he attended the 
Enterprise Management Programme from AESE 
Business School. Since 1980, he has developed works 
on aerodynamics and energy consumption and is the 
owner of 12 patents on vehicles, transport 
infrastructures and energy plants. Currently and 
since 1982, he is a professor in the Mechanical 
Engineering Department of Instituto Superior 
Técnico. 
* Independent members of the Board of Directors

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Management Committee 
The Management Committee (the “MC”) of the Issuer, which has been elected by the Board of Directors 
for the financial years 2021-2023, is composed by an odd number of members, between 3 and 5. The 
Chairman of the MC is Manuel Rebelo Teixeira de Melo Ramos. 
The MC is a body that supports the executive management and reports to the Board of Directors, having 
powers to monitor, supervise and collaborate with the competent teams and departments in preparing 
and implementing strategic plans, annual reports, actions and plans in the areas of marketing, 
sustainability, operations and maintenance, security and engineering.  
In respect of sustainability matters, the MC is responsible for the annual investment and operating budget 
defined for sustainability and for verifying and informing the Board of Directors on the sustainability 
performance, in particular: 
(a) 
Analysing and defining, with the support of Brisa’s sustainability and communication directorate, 
the objectives and indicators, in line with the requirements of the science-based targets initiative, 
to be submitted to the Board of Directors for review and approval; 
(b) 
On a quarterly basis, monitoring, evaluating and validating data on targets and indicators adopted 
in accordance with the previous subparagraph; 
(c) 
Reporting data on targets and indicators approved to the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board of the Issuer, which has been elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held 
on 23 April 2021 for the financial years 2021 – 2023, is composed by three members: Sílvia Olavo Cortês 
Marques de Carvalho (Chairman), Helena Abecassis do Amaral Neto (Member) and Tiago Vaz Pinto Cyrne 
de Castro (Member) (Diogo da Gama Lobo Salema da Costa is the Alternate Member). The business 
address of the members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer is Quinta da Torre de Aguilha, Edifício Brisa, 
in São Domingos de Rana, Cascais. The Supervisory Board of the Issuer operates in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code.  
Statutory Auditor 
The statutory auditor of the Issuer, which audited the financial information for the period ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 relating to the Issuer and included in this Base Prospectus, was 
initially appointed in 2016 and was re-elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 23 April 
2021 for the 2021 – 2023 term office and is PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de 
Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., with registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, 
number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon, which is a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors 
(Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with number 183, registered with CMVM with number 
20161485, and represented by Rui Jorge dos Anjos Duarte, ROC number 1532.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
The Parent 
The Parent was incorporated in Portugal on 30 December 2009, for an unlimited period of time, and is 
registered with the Commercial Registry Office of Cascais under sole registration and tax payer number 
509 253 547. Until 28 September 2010, the Parent was named Brisa Participações III, SGPS, S.A. The Parent 
has its registered head office at Quinta da Torre da Aguilha, Edifício Brisa, in São Domingos de Rana, 
Portugal, and its telephone number is +351 214 448 500. The Parent’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 
89450035MCDTBVHYSZ86. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Parent is the only direct shareholder of the Issuer having been 
incorporated under Portuguese law and currently having the sole purpose of wholly owning the Issuer. 
The Parent operates in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Commercial Companies Code 
and the Portuguese legal framework for holding companies. 
On 18 June 2015, Brisa entered into sale and purchase agreements with various Portuguese and Brazilian 
investors, under which 4 blocks of shares representing, in aggregate, 30 per cent. of the share capital and 
voting rights of the Parent were sold. This resulted in Brisa ceasing to be the sole shareholder of the 
Parent. This disposal was announced by the Issuer following a notice received from Brisa (copy available 
at https://www.cmvm.pt/). In that notice, Brisa stated that the transaction complied with the contractual 
framework applicable to the Issuer, entailing no changes to the operational management and financial 
strategy of the Issuer and in no way affecting the ring-fencing structure created for the protection of the 
Issuer’s investors. As such, Brisa currently holds 70 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights of the 
Parent and indirectly controls the majority of the Issuer’s share capital and voting rights. 
As currently the sole shareholder of the Issuer, the Parent has an important role to play with regards to 
the security to be granted in favour of, and for the benefit of, the Security Agent, on behalf of the 
Noteholders (represented by the Notes Common Representative) and other Finance Parties, under the 
terms of the Security Agreement, as described in more detail in “Overview of Certain Transaction 
Documents” below. 
For the purpose of reinforcing protective credit measures, the Parent, as current shareholder, also 
undertakes, unless otherwise consented through the provisions of the relevant Finance Documents (as 
further described in “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents” below), (i) not to engage in any 
business or activities other than owning shares in the Issuer and incurring any liabilities towards, or 
providing any loans to, the Issuer and (ii) not to approve any Distribution, unless the same has been 
previously approved by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed with the favourable 
vote of the majority of the Independent Directors. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Parent has a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 100,000.00, represented by 
100,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of Euro 1 each. In accordance with Article 1 of the Parent’s 
articles of association, the corporate purpose of the Parent comprises the holding of share capital

--- Page 84 ---
84 
participations in other companies, as a mean of indirectly exercising economic activities, and the exercise 
of management services in relation to those entities in which it holds share capital participations. 
Considering that the Parent’s indirect economic activity essentially corresponds to the activity carried out 
by the Issuer, the known trends affecting the Parent in the year 2022 were the same as those affecting 
the Issuer, notably in connection with the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on the sustainable 
economic growth in the EEA, supply chains and energy prices which has affected and will affect the 
Issuer’s, and consequently the Parent’s performance (see risk factor headed “The Issuer is exposed to 
global economic conditions and geopolitical risks”, above).  
Other than as mentioned in the previous paragraphs, there are no recent events particular to the Parent 
which are, to a material extent, relevant to the evaluation of the Parent’s solvency. 
There are no relevant investments made since the date of the last published financial statements of the 
Parent, or relevant future investments of the Parent, on which its management bodies have made firm 
commitments. 
On 27 December 2022, Rubicone BidCo, S.A., holder of shares representing, at that time, 97.85 per cent. 
of the share capital of Brisa, acquired, by means of an offer and compulsory acquisition, the remaining 
share capital and voting rights of Brisa (approximately 2.2 per cent.) which were spread amongst a number 
of other minority shareholders. Thus, on 25 January 2023, Rubicone BidCo, S.A. became the sole 
shareholder of Brisa. For more detailed information see section “The Brisa Group”. 
Other than the events described in the paragraph above, there are no relevant arrangements known to 
the Parent the operation of which may result in a change in its control. 
Corporate Structure 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of the Parent that has been elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held 
on 9 April 2021 for the financial years 2021-2023 consists of eight directors. The business address of the 
directors of the Parent is Quinta da Torre de Aguilha, Edifício Brisa, in São Domingos de Rana, Cascais. The 
Parent complies with the corporate governance regime applicable in Portugal. 
The members of the board of directors of the Parent and their principal current and past affiliations are 
set forth below. 
Board of Directors 
Chairman 
António de Magalhães 
Pires de Lima 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., Brisa Concessão 
Rodoviária, S.A., Brisa – Infraestruturas e Operação, 
S.A., Brisa O&M, S.A., BGI – Brisa Gestão de

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Infraestruturas, S.A., Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - 
Internacional, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Áreas de Serviços, 
S.A., Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A., Via Verde 
Portugal – Gestão de Sistemas Eletrónicos de 
Cobrança, S.A., Via Verde Serviços, S.A., and is a 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa - Auto-
Estradas de Portugal, S.A. exercising the role of Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) thereof. Graduated in 
Economics from Universidade Católica de Lisboa 
MBA (IESE). 
From 1993 to 2005, he exercised the functions of 
Chief Executive Officer at Compal, from 2006 to 
2013, he exercised the functions of Chief Executive 
Officer of Unicer, Bebidas de Portugal, S.A.. He was 
appointed Minister of Economy (Portugal) and 
exercised his functions from 2013 to 2015. From 
2016 to 2020 he was an Operating Partner at Advent 
Private Equity and a non-executive member at 
Grupo Media Capital, SGPS, S.A.. He also exercised 
the functions of non-executive member at Fundação 
de Serralves from 2016-2022 and of Chief Technical 
Officer of Parfois from 2017 to 2019. From 2017 to 
2020 he was also a non-executive member of 
Horizon Equity Partners and from 2019 to 2020 he 
was a non-executive member of Sumol+Compal, 
among other executive duties. 
He is also a Senior Advisor of Bank of America and 
Chairman of the Business Council for Sustainable 
Development and the Sintra Strategic Business 
Council. 
Member 
Daniel 
Alexandre 
Miguel Amaral  
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and of Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. Member of the Board of 
Directors of Brisa – Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. 
(Executive Member), since 2011. Degree in Business 
Management from ISEG (Instituto Superior de

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Economia e Gestão). Joined Caixa Geral de Depósitos 
Group in October 1996, having held the roles of 
Coordinating Director at Caixa – Banco de 
Investimento, S.A., from 2003 to 2008, and Executive 
Director at CREDIP – Instituição Financeira de 
Crédito, S.A., from 2007 to 2008. Was a member of 
the 
European 
Infrastructure 
Team 
of 
Babcock&Brown from 2008 to 2009. He is currently 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Brisal – Auto-
Estradas do Litoral, S.A. and AEBT – Auto-Estradas do 
Baixo Tejo, S.A., and is a member of the Board of 
Directors of Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - 
Internacional SGPS, S.A., BRISA - International 
Investments B.V. and Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, 
S.A.. He is also a Partner of Arcus Infrastructure 
Partners LLP and Arcus ISH LLP, and a Manager of 
Maintranche, Unipessoal, Lda.. 
Member 
Eduardo António da 
Costa Ramos 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A., Brisa - Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., Via Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - 
Internacional, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Roads Áreas de 
Serviço, S.A., Via Verde Portugal – Gestão de 
Sistemas Electrónicos de Cobrança, S.A., Via Verde 
Serviços, S.A. and AtoBe - Mobility Technology, S.A.. 
Executive Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa 
Auto-Estradas 
de 
Portugal, 
S.A.. 
Degree 
in 
Economics from ISEG and MBA from Nova SBE / 
Católica / MIT Lisbon (Lisbon MBA). Also, he is 
currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
CONTROLAUTO – Controlo Técnico Automóvel, S.A. 
CONTROLAUTO III Serviços, S.A., Via Verde 
Connected Cars, S.A. and Via Verde Serviços de 
Apoio ao Automobilista, S.A.. He is currently the 
Chairman of the Advisory Board of Brisa - 
Participações e Empreendimentos Ltda (Brazil) and a 
Director of Brisa - International B.V. and Brisa - 
International Investments B.V.. Previous relevant

--- Page 87 ---
87 
professional activity includes the positions of 
Coordinating Director at the Directorate of Business 
Development of Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, 
S.A., Non Executive Director of Brisal – Auto-Estradas 
do Litoral, S.A., CEO at AtoBe - Mobility Technology, 
S.A., Director at Brisa United States, LLC (USA), 
Northwest Parkway, LLC (USA), Vice-Chairman of 
Feedback Brisa Highways (India), Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board at New Mobility Ventures, B.V. 
(The Netherlands), Non-Executive Director of 
Movenience, B.V. (The Netherlands), Deputy 
Director at the Directorate of Finance of Brisa - Auto-
Estradas de Portugal, S.A., Assistant Professor of 
Universidade Católica / FCEE and Management 
Consultant at EY and CapGemini Ernst & Young. 
Member 
Manuel Rebelo Teixeira 
Melo Ramos 
Managing Director of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. 
since 
2018. 
Master 
in 
Business 
and 
Administration, 
IE 
Business 
School 
(Madrid). 
Graduated in Economics from Nova University 
(Lisbon). From 2005 to 2018 was Head of Strategic 
Planning at Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. 
and was in the Board of Directors of several Brisa 
Group companies. From 2002 to 2003 was a member 
of the Minister’s Cabinet of the Ministry of Defense 
(Portugal). From 1999 to 2002 was an Economic 
Affairs Attaché in the Portuguese Embassy in Rome 
(Italy). From 1995 to 1999 was a Corporate Finance 
Analyst/Senior Analyst at Mello Investment Bank 
(Portugal). Currently is a Member of the Board of 
Directors of Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., 
Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. (Executive 
Member), Brisa O&M, S.A. (CEO), Via Oeste, SGPS, 
S.A., Brisa - Internacional, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Áreas de 
Serviço, S.A., Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A., 
Brisal - Auto-Estradas do Litoral, S.A., AEBT – Auto-
Estradas do Baixo Tejo, S.A., Auto-Estradas do 
Atlântico – Concessões Rodoviárias de Portugal, S.A.,

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Brisa – Infraestruturas e Operação, S.A. (CEO) and 
BGI - Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas, S.A. (CEO). 
Member 
Marta Brugnini de 
Sousa Uva Martinha 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A.. Has held this position 
since 2020 and is a Member of the Board of Directors 
of Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A., Via 
Oeste, SGPS, S.A., Brisa - Internacional, SGPS, S.A., 
Brisa - Roads Áreas de Serviço, S.A., BRISA Áreas de 
Serviço, S.A., Via Verde Portugal, S.A., Via Verde 
Serviços, S.A., AtoBe - Mobility Technology, S.A. 
(CEO), A-to.Be USA LLC (CEO), CONTROLAUTO – 
Controlo Técnico Automóvel, S.A. and Via Verde 
Connected Cars, S.A.. Degree in Management from 
Universidade Católica. She is also an Executive 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa Auto-
Estradas de Portugal, S.A.. From 1991 to 2012, was a 
Director of Brand Operations, Shopper Marketing 
and External Relations at Procter & Gamble Portugal. 
From 2000 to 2012 was a Member of the Board of 
Directors, Chairman of the Executive Committee 
(from 2002 to 2005) and a member of the Executive 
Committee of Sociedade Ponto Verde, S.A.. From 
2013 to 2020, was a Vice President of Operations of 
TIMWETECH. 
Member 
Luís Eduardo Brito 
Freixial de Goes 
Member of Board of Directors of Brisa - Concessão 
Rodoviária, S.A., Brisa - Concessão Rodoviária, 
SGPS, S.A. and Brisa - Auto-Estradas de Portugal, 
S.A.. Has held this position since 2020. Degree in 
Law from Universidade Católica Portuguesa. He is 
also a Member of the Board of Directors of José de 
Mello Capital, S.A., José de Mello International and 
GEMP Invest, S.A.. He is also the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of José de Mello Imobiliária, 
SGPS, S.A., José de Mello – Investimentos, SGPS, 
S.A., MGI Capital, S.A., Tecnocapital, SGPS, S.A., 
Comitur Imobiliária, S.A., Sociedade Imobiliária e

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Turística do Cojo, S.A., Herdade do Vale da Fonte – 
Soc. Agrícola, Turística e Imobiliária, S.A. and MGI 
Capital – Sistemas de Gestão, S.A.. From 1990 to 
1993, was a member of Deloitte’s Tax Department. 
From 1993 to 1995, was an intern and from 1996 to 
2000 was a corporate and finance specialist at 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados – Sociedade de 
Advogados, SP R.L.. From 2000 to 2004 was a 
Director of the Legal Department of José de Mello 
SGPS. From 2005 to 2012 was the Coordinating 
Director of the legal departments of the José de 
Mello Group and since 2012 is an Executive 
Director of José de Mello Capital, S.A.. 
Member 
Fernando Aboudib 
Camargo 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A.. Law Degree at Federal 
University of Espírito Santo, Brazil. Previous relevant 
professional activity includes the purchase of Cabral 
Corretora de Securities e Valores Mobiliários Ltda. 
He was de founder of Avanti Veículos, S.A. and in 
1988 founded DISTRIGOLD – Distribuidora de Títulos 
e Valores Mobiliários Ltda and acquired a 
shareholding in Nativa Engenharia, S.A.. In the 
1990s, he acquired RODOSOL – Concessionária do 
Sistema Rodoviária do Espírito Santo and INCOSPAL 
SA.. He also founded UNIMAR Transportes Ltda., 
CISA TRADING S.A., CPV – Companhia Portuária de 
Vila Velha and Unipetro Equipamentos Ltda. He also 
acquired control of ENGE URB Ltda, and founded 
TERVAP-PITANGA Mineração e Pavimentação Ltda.. 
More recently he founded Companhia Energética de 
Petrolina (CEP) and Quanta Geração S.A.. He also 
acquired 80 per cent. of HdP – Hoteis de Portugal, 
SGPS, S.A., and founded the Rede InterTV de 
Comunicação. He is a relevant player in real estate 
development, incorporation and construction of 
residential and commercial real estate for rental and

--- Page 90 ---
90 
use throughout Greater Vitória. Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Comvix Trading, S.A., Incospal 
Group and Rede InterTV de Comunicação, as well as 
a Member of the Board of Directors of Cisa Trading, 
S.A., CPVV - Companhia Portuária de Vila Velha S.A., 
Quanta Geração, S.A., RODOSOL – Concessionária 
Rodovia do Sol S.A. and CEP - Companhia Energética 
de Petrolina, S.A.. In 2014 he was chosen as featured 
Business Leader by FINDES and awarded the Order 
of Industrial Merit by the National Confederation of 
Industry (CNI), the most important award in the 
Brazilian industrial sector, conferred by CNI. 
Member 
António José Louçã 
Pargana 
Member of the Board of Directors of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. Founder, shareholder and 
Executive Chairman and Member of the Board of 
Directors of Cisa Trading. He is also a Member of the 
Board of Directors of CEP – Cia. Energética de 
Petrolina, of Quanta Geração S.A. and of CPVV – 
Companhia Portuária de Vila Velha SA. He is a former 
Member of the Board of Directors of AMCHAM São 
Paulo, Conselho da Associação Brasileira de 
Empresas de Comércio Exterior (ABECE) and of 
Conselho da Associação de Comércio Exterior do 
Brasil. From 2005 to 2009, he was Chairman of 
Câmara Portuguesa de Comércio in Brazil and from 
2008 to 2009 was Chairman of Eurocâmaras. He is a 
Counsellor of Portugal in the World, received the 
“Capixaba Foreign Trade Personality” award in 2004 
and 2005 and was elected several times to the 
Forum of Business Leaders in Brazil. He was also 
elected State Business Leader in 2002 and National 
Sector Business Leader in the Foreign Trade Sector in 
2001, 2003, 2004 and 2005.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Statutory Auditor 
The statutory auditor of the Parent, which audited the financial information for the period ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 relating to the Parent and included in this Base Prospectus, was 
re-elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders held on 9 April 2021 for the 2021 – 2023 term office, 
and is PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., with 
registered office at Palácio Sottomayor, Rua Sousa Martins, number 1 – 3rd floor, 1069-316 Lisbon and is 
a member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) with 
number 183, registered with CMVM with number 20161485, and represented by Rui Jorge dos Anjos 
Duarte, ROC number 1532. The statutory auditor of the Parent operates in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Portuguese Companies Code.  
Financial Information 
The financial information as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 has 
been prepared and is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See the section “Information 
Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
THE BRISA GROUP 
The company – main features 
Brisa – Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. (“Brisa”, and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the “Brisa 
Group”) is a limited liability company (sociedade anónima) incorporated in Portugal and registered with 
the Commercial Registry Office of Cascais under sole registration and tax payer number 500 048 177. Brisa 
has its registered head office at Quinta da Torre de Aguilha, Edifício Brisa, in São Domingos de Rana, 
Cascais, and its telephone number is +351 214 448 500. 
Brisa was incorporated on 28 September 1972 for an unlimited period of time. The original corporate 
scope of Brisa was to construct, maintain and operate motorways functioning under a toll regime. In 
accordance with the first concession contract entered into by Brisa and Portugal, Brisa was responsible 
for the task of building 390 km of motorways until the end of 1981, including parts of the connections 
between Lisbon and Porto (A1 motorway), Fogueteiro and Setúbal (A2 motorway), Estádio Nacional and 
Cascais (A5 motorway) and Porto and Famalicão (A3 motorway).  
Following the revolution of 25 April 1974, the Portuguese State became Brisa’s largest shareholder with 
a stake of about 90 per cent., by way of successive share capital increases. 
Brisa’s privatisation process began in 1997. The first stage was carried out through an initial public offer 
of 35 per cent. of Brisa’s share capital being listed on the Lisbon Stock Exchange; the second stage took 
place the following year, with the public offer of an additional 31 per cent. of the share capital; in 1999, 
the third stage of Brisa’s privatisation occurred with the public offer of 20 per cent. of the share capital. 
In 2001, the fourth and last stage took place with the public offer of 4.76 per cent. of Brisa’s share capital.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
On 29 March 2012, a mandatory bid (oferta pública geral e obrigatória de aquisição) was announced, 
under the terms of the Portuguese Securities Code, over the shares of Brisa by Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l., a 
company beneficially held by José de Mello Investimentos, SGPS, S.A. and Arcus European Infrastructure 
Fund Apollo S.à r.l. Accordingly, José de Mello Investimentos, SGPS, S.A., Arcus European Infrastructure 
Fund Apollo S.à r.l. and Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. announced that the voting rights inherent to 182,885,699 
and 114,557,795 shares in Brisa that are attributed to José de Mello Investimentos, SGPS, S.A., and Arcus 
European Infrastructure Fund Apollo S.à r.l., respectively, in an aggregate number of 297,443,494 shares 
corresponding to 49.57 per cent. of Brisa’s share capital and 53.81 per cent. of the voting rights in Brisa, 
are attributed to each of those entities. The launch and/or the completion of this transaction did not 
trigger a Trigger Event or an Event of Default. 
On 16 July 2012, the CMVM approved the registration of the mandatory bid, which was followed by the 
announcement of the tender offer and the release of the respective prospectus. 
On 9 August 2012, the results were disclosed, with Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. gaining control of 35.2 per cent. 
of Brisa’s shares, which made José de Mello Investimentos, SGPS, S.A. and Arcus European Infrastructure 
Fund Apollo S.à r.l. owners of a combined 84.8 per cent. of Brisa shares and 92.06 per cent. of the 
correspondent voting rights.  
On 4 September 2012, Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. requested to the CMVM the loss of Brisa’s public company 
status, pursuant to Article 27, 1, a) and 2 of the Portuguese Securities Code, in force at the time. The 
CMVM notified Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. on 8 February 2013, giving Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. fifteen working 
days to present a final offer to the remaining shareholders. On 3 March 2013, Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. 
informed of its option and conditionality to implement an exit mechanism addressed at least to Brisa’s 
shareholders who did not sell their shares in the tender offer, in line with what had been requested by 
the CMVM. On 5 April 2013, the CMVM notified Tagus Holdings, S.à r.l. of the fulfilment of the condition 
to which the CMVM subjected its decision to grant the application for Brisa’s loss of public company 
status. As such, Brisa lost its public company status on 11 April 2013 and, consequently, Brisa shares were 
excluded from trading on the regulated market with readmission to trading being prevented during a 
period of twelve months counting from 11 April 2013. As a consequence of the CMVM’s decision, Tagus 
Holdings, S.à r.l. implemented an exit mechanism for the shareholders who wished to dispose of their 
Brisa shares, by which Tagus was bound, from 11 April 2013 to 13 May 2013, to accept sale proposals of 
Brisa shares at a fixed price of Euro 2.22 per share. 
Following the closing of the takeover bid launched on 29 March 2012 by Tagus Holdings, S.à r l. over all 
Brisa shares, the Company was de-listed from the official market of Euronext Lisbon on 11 April 2013. 
On 28 April 2020, the José de Mello Group and Arcus European Infrastructure Fund 1 LP (managed by 
Arcus European Investment Manager LLP) agreed to the sale of 81.1 per cent. in Brisa’s voting rights to a 
consortium of international investors constituted by APG Asset Management N.V., NPS – The National 
Pension Service of the Republic of Korea and Swiss Life Asset Managers. The completion of this transaction

--- Page 93 ---
93 
was dependent on the verification of several conditions precedent, in particular the clearance of the 
European Commission that was issued on 18 September 2020. 
On 13 October 2020, the transfer of shares representing 81.1 per cent. of the voting rights in Brisa, by 
José de Mello – Investimentos, SGPS, S.A., AEIF Apollo S.à r.l. and Tagus Holding, S.à r.l. in favour of 
Rubicone BidCo, S.A, a vehicle fully held, directly and indirectly, by the consortium of international 
investors (APG Asset Management N.V., National Pension Service of the Republic of Korea and Swiss Life 
Asset Managers), and jointly controlled by APG, Asset Management N.V. and National Pension Service of 
the Republic of Korea, was completed. The José de Mello Group, through José de Mello Capital, S.A. as 
the sole shareholder of José de Mello – Investimentos, SGPS, S.A., remained the holder of 16.7 per cent. 
in the company’s voting rights and has an active participation in management. 
Following the General Meeting of Brisa held on 14 January 2021, which eliminated the Brisa’s 47,352,614 
own shares, Brisa’s share capital was reduced to Euro 5,526,473.86, represented by 552,647,386 
nominative shares with the nominal value of Euro 0.01. 
In November 2022, Rubicone BidCo, S.A., holding, at such time, shares representing 81.10 per cent. of the 
share capital of Brisa, was subject to a share capital increase which was exclusively subscribed by José de 
Mello – Investimentos, SGPS, S.A. in kind, by way of transfer of shares representing 16.7 per cent. of Brisa’s 
share capital. As a result of this transaction, Rubicone BidCo, S.A. became the holder of shares 
representing 97.85 per cent. of the share capital of Brisa. 
Subsequently, on 27 December 2022, Rubicone BidCo, S.A. acquired, by means of an offer and compulsory 
acquisition (oferta de aquisição potestativa de participações) under Article 490 of the Portuguese 
Companies Code, the remaining share capital and voting rights of Brisa (approximately 2.2 per cent.) 
which were spread amongst a number of other minority shareholders. Thus, on 25 January 2023, Rubicone 
BidCo, S.A. became the sole shareholder of Brisa. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Brisa’s sole shareholder is Rubicone BidCo, S.A., to which the 
entirety of the share capital and voting rights is attributable.  
The Brisa Group has recently renewed its 20 year long strong and earnest commitment to sustainability, 
by setting in its approved Strategic Plan for 2021-2025 - and thus BCR’s - four transformation levers, one 
of which is Sustainability (Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance – “ESG”). 
Brisa Group’s commitment to ESG is confirmed by its recognition by Global Real Estate Sustainability 
Benchmark (“GRESB”) and its 2022 assessment assigned Brisa as part of the most sustainable European 
private road companies. Brisa is an active member of the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development, since 2007, and of BCSD Portugal, since 2005. Brisa is a signatory of the United Nations’ 
Global Compact (since 2005) and it has adopted the Sustainable Development Goals guidance which it 
integrates into its ESG strategy and practice. Brisa has been publishing an annual integrated report since 
2016 – and prior to this, sustainability reports since 2004, where its sustainability performance is reported 
according to the Global Reporting Initiative Directives (GRI Standards), and subject to third-party

--- Page 94 ---
94 
verification. Brisa’s ESG strategy and performance have been continuously scrutinised and recognised 
over the last 20 years by the markets, rating and research agencies – DJSI, STOXX, FTSE4Good, GRESB, 
Sustainalytics, Vigeo or Triodos Bank, among others – as well as by numerous other stakeholders. Brisa 
Group’s mission is “In partnership with key stakeholders, efficiently develop and manage sustainable and 
innovative transport infrastructure and mobility solutions that best serve our customers”.  
Concessions operated by Brisa  
Before the corporate reorganisation of the Brisa Group (as described in “Corporate Organisational 
Structure of The Brisa Group - Corporate Reorganisation”), Brisa held equity participations in six road 
concessions in Portugal, approximately as follows: Main Concession (100 per cent.), Atlântico (50 per 
cent.), Brisal (70 per cent.), Douro Litoral (45 per cent.), Baixo Tejo (30 per cent.) and Litoral Oeste (15 per 
cent.).  
As previously described, the Main Concession was established in 1972, at the same time as the top level 
company Brisa. Geographically, motorways comprised within the Main Concession link up Portugal from 
north to south and east to west and ensure two major accesses to Spain, thus connecting the country to 
the Trans-European motorway network. The Main Concession includes 11 motorways already in 
operation covering a total of 1100.2 km, about 1014.1 km of which are tolled. The Main Concession further 
includes a motorway still to be built which is the link to the new Lisbon (or any other location that may be 
determined by the competent state authorities) airport. The Main Concession was transferred from Brisa 
to the Issuer upon completion of the aforementioned corporate reorganisation of the Brisa Group, with 
the role of concessionaire under the Concession Contract now being undertaken by the Issuer. 
The Atlântico concession was established in December 1998 and includes the operation of the A8 
motorway (Lisbon – Leiria) and the A15 motorway (Caldas da Rainha – Santarém), with a total length of 
170 km, both located in Portugal’s western region. The A8 motorway joins the A17 motorway (Brisal 
concession) in Leiria. This network has a strong urban nature as it serves Lisbon’s northern metropolitan 
area. It is also part of the second north-south corridor and serves the western region, one of the most 
developed regions in the country. As of December 2022, the Brisa Group holds a 50 per cent. stake in this 
concession. 
The Brisal concession operates the A17 – Litoral Centro motorway along a total length of 92.7 km between 
Marinha Grande and Mira. This concession is located on the west coast and forms the second north-south 
corridor, connecting the country’s two largest cities – Lisbon and Oporto. It is also linked directly to the 
Atlântico concession and to the A14 motorway near Figueira da Foz. As of December 2022, the Brisa Group 
holds a 80 per cent. stake in this concession. 
The Baixo Tejo subconcession was awarded in January 2009 and its main purpose is the design, planning, 
construction, widening, financing, operation and maintenance of motorway stretches and other roads in 
the district of Setúbal, with a combined total length of 60.2 km. One of its most important characteristics 
is a low risk level, since over half of its revenues are fixed and secured by Infraestruturas de Portugal (a

--- Page 95 ---
95 
company 100 per cent. held by the Portuguese State) that will fully cover the debt service. From an 
operational point of view, the concession added strong synergies, since it connects to other Brisa 
motorways. As of December 2022, the Brisa Group holds a 36.85 per cent. stake in this concession. On 28 
March 2023, Brisa acquired 625,000 shares corresponding to 12.5 per cent. of the share capital of AEBT, 
amounting to a total of 49.30 per cent. stake in this concession. 
The Litoral Oeste subconcession was awarded in February 2009 and comprises a total length of 102 km 
and covers motorways in the west coast of Portugal, namely the cities of Leiria, Batalha, Nazaré and 
Tomar. The subconcession further comprises two roads serving urban areas. As of December 2022, the 
Brisa Group holds a 15 per cent. stake in this concession.  
Other Businesses 
The market where the Brisa Group operates has undergone rapid changes. Innovation, growth, efficiency 
and sustainability are therefore crucial sectors which the group must rely on to create sustainable value. 
In order to meet continuously evolving challenges, the Brisa Group’s strategy expanded from simply 
managing road infrastructures to offering value added mobility services, keeping in mind customer 
satisfaction and efficiency. 
To this end, the Brisa Group has created a broad array of instruments in line with the recent trends in 
urban mobility, which materialise into the ongoing development of the Mobility Platform. 
It comprises several mobility instruments, spread through mobility services and payments, technology for 
mobility and vehicle inspection services. 
Within this platform, there is VVS, a company created in 2015 with the purpose of strengthening Brisa’s 
commitment to mobility, focusing on the design, marketing and management of products and services in 
mobility-related areas, as well as on improving clients’ experience and facilitating their experience by 
managing, in an integrated way, the contact services of all Brisa Group companies.  
The platform comprises even more tools to broaden the range of services available to clients, such as a 
mobility app, road assistance throughout the entire network, Via Verde stores, the Via Verde website to 
assist with any situation, and restaurant areas and free wi-fi in the service areas. 
This platform reflects the way Brisa keeps innovating and providing solutions for its clients’ needs.  
However, the innovation process of the Brisa Group is not circumscribed by this platform. Over the past 
few years, the technological component has played an increasingly significant role in the sector of 
technology for mobility, so A-to-Be USA LLC and AtoBe - Mobility Technology, S.A. have broadened their 
technological services to international markets, such as the U.S., by providing research and development 
services, supplying critical road control systems in toll lanes, motorway lanes and car parks, and by 
focusing on improving four major business areas: tolling, traffic management, urban mobility and revenue 
assistance.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Road concessions, technological solutions and mobility services are the Brisa Group’s strategic lines to 
achieve growth and value creation, for which it leverages on its vast experience, the best industry 
practices and a continuous search for innovative business models to ensure the highest possible quality 
services. 
In these markets, the development of existing assets is one of the main sources of value creation, which 
is achieved based on skills strengthened by the Brisa Group over five decades of activity. Furthermore, 
the continuing innovation of business models is a constant concern of the Brisa Group as it seeks to obtain 
sustained and significant competitive advantages. The analysis of future growth opportunities is also an 
ongoing process.  
In support of its operations, the Brisa Group holds a number of road service businesses, including Brisa 
O&M, which provides assistance to all domestic concessionaires within the Brisa Group, and BGI, which 
provides specialist engineering services. Also, VVP, one of the Brisa Group’s most prominent services – an 
electronic payment system which debits the toll corresponding to the distance travelled directly from the 
road user’s bank account. This innovative automatic payment service has contributed to higher standards 
of efficiency and more comfortable, easier and safer road mobility. 
Liability of the entities comprised within the Brisa Group 
Besides the Issuer and, in the terms and within the limits set forth in the Security Agreement, neither the 
Parent nor Brisa or any Shareholder will, from time to time, in any way guarantee or have any liability 
whatsoever in relation to the Obligations and, accordingly, the Noteholders will not have the benefit nor 
shall be entitled, in relation to the Parent, to make any claim based on Articles 501 and 502 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (which do not currently legally apply to any shareholder of the Parent), 
Article 629 of the Portuguese Civil Code or any other legal provisions of a similar nature, and 
unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right arising thereunder in relation to the Notes. 
CONFLICT OF INTERESTS 
The members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of the Issuer and the Parent do 
not have any conflicts, or any potential conflicts, between their duties to the Issuer and the Parent, 
respectively, and their private interests or other duties. In this context, as referred in the section headed 
“Description of the Issuer, the Parent and the Brisa Group”, it should be noted that Mr. Luís Eduardo Brito 
Freixial de Goes is an Executive Director of José de Mello Investimentos SGPS, S.A., a member of the board 
of directors of the Issuer and a member of the board of directors of the Parent. José de Mello 
Investimentos, SGPS, S.A. is shareholder of Rubicone BidCo, S.A., holding 16.7 per cent. of its capital and 
voting rights. 
TREND INFORMATION 
The Covid-19 pandemic, in the context of which the Portuguese Government decreed a state of 
emergency from March up to the end of 2020 and implemented several restrictive measures, had a

--- Page 97 ---
97 
significant impact on the movement of goods and people, thus producing a negative impact on the 
macroeconomic environment in Portugal in general, and specifically entailing a slowdown in BCR’s 
operational activity until the end of 2021, notably as traffic was affected to a significant extent. 
The macroeconomic environment started to recover in 2022, with the elimination of restrictions on the 
movement of people and goods, which led to an economic recovery, with the Portuguese GDP reaching a 
growth of 6.7 per cent. The end of the pandemic was since officially declared by the World Health 
Organisation on 5 May 2023. 
Nevertheless, in February 2022, the global economy, which was still recovering from the effects of the 
Covid-19 pandemic, was severely impacted by the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, further contributing 
to a significant and widespread increase in inflation rates, low growth and disruptions in global supply 
chains. In the context of such uncertainty, major international financial markets maintained a high level 
of volatility, pressured by the restrictive monetary policy that most central banks started to implement. 
Particularly, in response to the significant increase in inflationary pressures and in an attempt to control 
the general increase in prices, the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank increased their 
reference rates throughout the year by 425 b.p. (for the range 4.25 per cent. - 4.50 per cent.) and by 250 
b.p. (to 2.75 per cent.), respectively. 
As a result, during 2022, financial markets experienced a general devaluation, most notably defined by 
decrease of around 10 per cent. in major international stock market indices, the widening of credit spreads 
and a significant rise in interest rates. Notwithstanding the global context outlined above, BCR bonds 
performed much better in 2022 than their counterparts, with the risk premium investors demand for BCR 
debt declining over the year and the narrowing of the spread of BCR bond loans maturing in 2027. 
INVESTMENTS 
There have been no material investments made by the Issuer since 31 December 2022 and no new 
material investments have been approved as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
RATINGS 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt rating of “Baa1” from Moody’s, with positive outlook and 
“A-“ from Fitch, with stable outlook. The Parent is not rated. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
As the main asset of Brisa Group, the Issuer plays a critical role in Brisa Group’s overall continued ESG 
strategy and performance, which already has a 20 year long track record as a sustainability driven 
business, namely for its pursuit of eco-efficiency, integrated risk management, innovative business 
solutions, and the quest for balanced financial and non-financial performance. As part of Brisa Group, the 
Issuer’s ESG strategy and performance has been continuously scrutinised by the markets and indices, by 
rating and research agencies – ranging over time from DJSI STOXX, to FTSE4Good, to Vigeo, among others 
– as well as by numerous other non-financial stakeholders. In the past years, BCR has had a relevant role

--- Page 98 ---
98 
in Brisa Group’s recognition by GRESB as the most sustainable European private road company, in the 
2022 assessment. BCR has also been an active participant of the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) and BCSD Portugal activities, as part of Brisa Group.  
Sustainability Strategy 
Motorways have relevant environmental and social impacts, both during the construction stage and 
throughout their useful life. The Issuer pursues a culture of best practices concerning environmental and 
social management, at all stages, so as to prevent, mitigate or offset any environmental and social 
impacts. 
For this purpose, in 2021, Brisa Group, and thus the Issuer, approved the “Vision 25” strategic plan, 
underpinning BCR’s business model and consisting of four transformation levers – one of which is 
sustainability (ESG – Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance). 
Under the sustainability lever, the following 7 ESG targets have been defined by Brisa Group and 
transposed by BCR for environment, social and governance: 
(a) 
Reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions by 42 per cent. until 2030 (compared to 2021) and 
achieve emissions neutrality by 2045;  
(b) 
Adopt ambitious nature/biodiversity recovery/regeneration policies and procedures, based on 
ambitious, science-informed, short and mid-term environmental goals;  
(c) 
Implement circularity in 100 per cent. of procurement and supply processes by 2030;  
(d) 
Reduce the number of deaths and serious injuries from road traffic accidents by 50 per cent. by 
2030 compared to 2019, with a target towards zero fatalities; 
(e) 
Reconcile professional life with personal and family life; 
(f) 
To have in place a policy to respect human rights and a human rights due diligence and declare 
support for the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights;  
(g) 
To have a convergence of the percentage of women in leadership positions, with reference to 2021 
and double the number of women in first line management positions by 2025, with reference to 
2020. 
These targets are regularly reviewed (which is the reason why the SPTs surpass them) and are based on 
the materiality analysis performed in 2021 following the guidelines and directives from the Global 
Reporting Initiative (“GRI”) and the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) framework. 
BCR’s environmental and social strategy and action under the above-mentioned sustainability lever are 
aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and comply with the main 
environmental policy guidelines, laws and regulations, in particular concerning the protection of 
biodiversity and the mitigation of impacts associated to traffic, climate change and decarbonisation. 
Furthermore, Brisa Group endorsed the United Nations Global Compact in April 2007.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Health and safety matters are also at the core of BCR’s sustainability strategy and are strongly related to 
the company’s corporate values, namely people, ethics and sustainability, apart from excellence and 
innovation, with safety at work and on the road also being a priority for BCR. 
The following sustainable development goals are, along with the decarbonisation, the main priorities of 
BCR’s sustainability strategy:  
Monitoring, policies and procedures regarding sustainability and reporting 
BCR monitors, on a periodical basis, various environmental indicators that are material to its business, 
including energy consumption, GHG emissions, water consumption, waste management, biodiversity, 
health and safety, and gender equality. 
Brisa Group has implemented various policies on sustainability issues relevant to its business, which are 
applicable to and applied by BCR (e.g. environmental policy, code of ethics and conduct, whistleblowing 
Sustainable Development Goals 
SDG3. Health 
and Well-Being 
The health and well-being of its employees and of its direct core partners who ensure the operation and maintenance of the motorways in the 
concession. A new accident rate indicator was defined in 2022, which is a cornerstone of the “zero tolerance” in relation to accidents at work: lost 
time injury frequency rate. 
SDG5. Gender 
Equality 
BCR is committed to achieving gender equality, with a strategic goal of achieving gender parity in leadership positions by 2030. 
SDG7. Clean and 
Affordable 
Energy 
In its energy transition operations, BCR has defined a set of strategic principles, including combined energy efficiency solutions, to be implemented 
in a phased and scheduled manner. 
In this context, in 2022 BCR completed a project to implement energy efficient street lighting across the concession: replacing lighting equipment 
with light-emitting diode (“LED”) technology. Furthermore, in the course of 2022, it produced a thorough analysis of the areas likely to receive 
installation of photovoltaic panels (the installation of which is expected to start in 2023). Alongside these actions, a study has also been conducted 
to electrify certain types of vehicles in the operational fleet, notably in roadside assistance. 
SDG8. Decent 
Work and 
Economic 
Growth 
BCR is part of a Brisa Group programme to reconcile work and personal/family life. In this context, it engages in ongoing activity in the field of 
occupational safety and health, for its employees, core service providers and also in the value chain, with a view to reducing the number of accidents 
at work. In order to protect the employees who are most exposed to activities with a higher risk (e.g. roadworks), a project to introduce truck 
mounted attenuators, which is an equipment that absorbs energy in the event of a possible collision, has been developed. Alongside this measure, 
significant changes have also been made to improve roadworks signalling. 
SDG9. Industry, 
Innovation and 
Infrastructure 
BCR invests annually in the maintenance and upgrading of the motorways that are part of its infrastructure as a factor of access and development 
for the communities it serves. BCR invests continuously in the innovation of its infrastructures, in the fields of equipment and services, as well as its 
information and connectivity systems. In 2022, BCR invested Euro 64.2 million in the conservation and maintenance of its motorways network. BCR 
developed a new network of fast and ultra-fast electric charging points service areas, allowing BCR to contribute to the transition to electric mobility 
as a solution for the decarbonisation of traffic on its highways. 
SDG10. 
Reducing 
Inequalities 
Currently, BCR’s infrastructure network covers the “backbone” of the Portuguese road system, contributing through its activity to connecting the 
interior to the coast, and reducing inequalities by promoting everyone’s social, economic and political inclusion. For this reason, one of BCR’s 
strategic pillars is to partner with the Portuguese state to connect people and communities, be territorially cohesive and build the mobility agenda. 
BCR is also committed to ensuring equal opportunities and reducing inequality in outcomes by providing the code of ethics and the salary ratio. 
SDG11. 
Sustainable 
Cities and 
Communities 
BCR, which accounts for about 44 per cent. of the Portuguese motorway system, guarantees the smooth functioning of a network of safe and 
efficient motorways, promoting territorial cohesion and the conditions necessary for development and social inclusion. 
SDG12. 
Sustainable 
Production and 
Consumption  
The sustainability agenda defined in 2021 endorsed the strategic goal of implementing a 100 per cent. circular economy for purchases and supplies 
by 2030. During 2022, the code of conduct for suppliers was developed, as well as a methodology for assessing suppliers according to ESG criteria. 
Alongside these initiatives, BCR has been developing studies and solutions that aim to contribute to the circular economy of its processes, in relation 
to which the study on sustainable roads with the incorporation of recycled plastics should be highlighted. 
SDG13. Climate 
Action 
BCR has incorporated measures related to climate change into its strategy and planning, notably in decarbonising its operations and decarbonising 
road transport. In 2022 an exercise was carried out to identify and characterise in detail the material risks and opportunities related to climate 
change, in accordance with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. Additionally, in late 2022, Brisa sent 
its letter of commitment to the science-based targets initiative, having committed to adopting a carbon neutrality goal in line with climate science. 
SDG15. 
Protecting Life 
on Land 
BCR has always been active in biodiversity preservation, both in its compliance plan, and by implementing voluntary projects, to mitigate and 
compensate for the impacts of its activity as a linear infrastructure operator. Within the context of the sustainability agenda defined in 2021, the 
strategic objective of ensuring the recovery and regeneration of biodiversity and ecosystems has been approved, and BCR is currently developing a 
medium-term strategy (2022-2030) for biodiversity, natural capital and ecosystem services 
SDG17. 
Partnerships for 
the Goals 
BCR has a long history of collaboration and partnership, with public and private entities, in areas as distinct as road safety, biodiversity protection 
and advocacy.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
regulation, corruption prevention policy, labour code, BCR reporting channel, conflict of interests and 
related-party transactions policy, and occupational health and safety policy). 
BCR’s annual integrated report covers, alongside corporate governance matters, performance indicators 
pertaining to material non-financial items, such as sustainability (“Integrated Report”). Such non-financial 
data is presented in compliance with the GRI standards. 
BCR also publishes a half-yearly report with financial and non-financial information. The non-financial 
information included in this report is, however, more limited as it does not include the half-yearly 
performance indicators, reported in compliance with the GRI standards. 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework  
Recognising the role of sustainable finance in supporting sustainability goals, notably the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals, in September 2023, the Issuer adopted the Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, which provides a comprehensive outline for the issuance of sustainability-linked 
forms of debt, which may include, but are not restricted to, secured or unsecured bonds, loans, 
commercial paper programmes or revolving credit facilities. The Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework gives the Issuer the means to align its financing and corporate strategies via such instruments, 
and further signals its strong commitment to sustainability by linking its financing activities with 
meaningful and ambitious targets.  
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is aligned with the five core elements of the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Principles published by the ICMA and with the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles published 
by the LMA, namely: 
(i) 
Selection of key performance indicators; 
(ii) 
Calibration of sustainability performance targets; 
(iii) 
Characteristics of the sustainability-linked financing instruments; 
(iv) 
Reporting; and 
(v) 
Verification. 
Selection of Key Performance Indicators 
The Issuer has selected, in the version of its Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework available as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, key performance indicators which relate to core aspects of BCR’s 
sustainability and business strategy. BCR’s current sustainability agenda - approved in 2021 within the 
scope of Brisa Group’s ”Vision 25” strategic business plan - identifies energy, climate change and safety 
as key levers of business transformation and sets a strategic goal to significantly reduce carbon emissions 
from own operations by 2030 and to achieve carbon neutrality by 2045. The following KPIs are considered 
by BCR to be the most credible, ambitious targets and are aligned with SLLP and SLBP requirements and 
with sustainable finance market practices:

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(i) 
KPI 1: GHG Emission - Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG emissions  
Combined scope 1 (direct emissions) and scope 2 (indirect emissions from purchased electricity) 
GHG emissions, expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e), calculated in accordance 
with the GHG Protocol Standard (as defined in the Conditions). Consolidation uses a financial 
control approach and scope 2 emissions are accounted for using the market-based method. Thus, 
in terms of consolidating results, the operational data of the companies responsible for support 
services are allocated to the concessionaire itself, to the extent that it is the holder of the assets 
concerned.  
The GHG Protocol Standard allows companies to choose one of three consolidation approaches, 
according to the characteristics of the organisation and the objectives to be achieved as an 
emissions inventory. In the case of Brisa Group, the most appropriate consolidation approach is 
the financial control approach, in particular due to the existence of a report that integrates 
financial and non-financial information. For this purpose, financial control approach means that 
the Issuer accounts for 100 per cent. of GHG emissions from operations over which it has financial 
control and it does not account for GHG emissions from operations in which it owns an interest 
but has no control over. 
(ii) 
KPI 2: Health and safety at work – Lost time injury frequency rate  
Any work-related injuries which result in the inability of the Issuer’s workers and of its Direct 
Partners’ workers to return to work on the next scheduled workday/shift, with the lost time injury 
frequency rate corresponding to the number of lost-time injuries per million hours worked, 
calculated as follows: 
(Number of lost time injuries) / (Total hours worked in accounting period) x 1,000,000. 
(iii) 
KPI 3: Gender equality - Rate of women in leadership positions 
Positions held by women that involve managing teams (large or small) and/or ensuring the 
implementation of projects and processes, calculated by comparing the number of women in 
leadership and management positions to the total number of workers in the same positions, 
expressed as a percentage.  
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets 
By reference to the above KPIs, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework foresees SPTs for each of 
the KPIs and the specific actions aimed at achieving such targets. 
(i) 
SPT 1 (related to the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions KPI): Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Reduction Thresholds 
To reduce combined scope 1 and 2 absolute GHG emissions by 42 per cent. by 2030, with annual 
SPTs deriving from a linear regression. The annual SPTs presented below are aligned with a 1.5ºC

--- Page 102 ---
102 
emissions reduction trajectory, derived using the absolute contraction approach, developed by the 
science-based targets initiative. In 2022, Brisa Group submitted its commitment letter to the 
science-based targets initiative. To meet such requirements, BCR has set a near-term scope 1 and 
2 emissions reduction target, aligned with 1.5ºC decarbonisation trajectories. Modelling a near-
term scope 1 and 2 target with the latest version of science-based targets initiative's approved 
target-setting methods and tools results in a 42 per cent. emissions reduction by 2030 compared 
to the 2021 level. 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
103 
tCO2e 
5.58 
5.30 
5.01 
4.72 
4.43 
4.15 
3.86 
3.57 
Annual 
SPTs 
-9% 
-14% 
-19% 
-23% 
-28% 
-33% 
-37% 
-42% 
Baseline: 6.16 x 103 tCO2e as at 31 December 2021. 
(ii) 
SPT 2 (related to the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate KPI): Health and Safety at Work Target 
To reach 7.5 or below by 2030, with additional annual SPTs being a linear regression as per the 
following table. This corresponds to a c.53 per cent. decrease vis a vis 2021 (15.9) and an average 
year-on-year reduction of c. 7.4 per cent.. 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
≤13.0 
≤12.5 
≤11.5 
≤11.0 
≤10.5 
≤10.0 
≤9.0 
≤7.5 
Baseline: a 15.9 lost time injury frequency rate as at 31 December 2021. 
(iii) 
SPT 3 (related to the Rate of Women in Leadership Positions KPI): Gender Equality Target 
To have 39 per cent. of all leadership positions held by women by 2030, with annual SPTs being a 
linear regression. 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
32% 
33% 
35% 
36% 
37% 
38% 
39% 
39% 
Baseline: 34% of leadership positions as at 31 December 2021. 
The SPTs are monitored on annual observation dates, considering the relevant baseline values.  
Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Instruments 
The proceeds of the Issuer’s sustainability-linked financing instruments, such as the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, will be used for general corporate purposes including the refinancing of debt, the making of any

--- Page 103 ---
103 
permitted distribution, or any other specific purpose defined in the relevant terms, to achieve the Issuer’s 
overall strategy. 
The sustainability-linked instruments issued under the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework are 
linked to BCR’s sustainability performance, i.e., financial performance is dependent on the evolution of 
the relevant KPIs and performance of the SPTs applicable to each instrument in accordance with the 
relevant terms.  
The financial and/or structural characteristics of sustainability-linked instruments issued by the Issuer 
under the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework may vary, under the applicable terms, as a result of 
the Issuer’s compliance (or non-compliance) with the applicable SPTs.  
Reporting 
BCR is committed to ensuring that its sustainability improvement plans are fully transparent and will 
publish, at least on an annual basis, to the extent there is sustainability-linked debt outstanding, a 
Sustainability Confirmation Statement (as defined in the Conditions) containing, inter alia, (i) up-to-date 
information on the performance of the relevant KPIs, considering the SPTs for the relevant observation 
year; (ii) information on the occurrence of any recalculation/adjustment in good faith of the KPIs, SPTs 
and baselines, if applicable; (iii) an Assurance Report, as defined in the Conditions; and (iv) other relevant 
information enabling investors to monitor the progress of the SPTs or which the Issuer deems relevant or 
adequate, which will be disclosed on the Issuer’s website (https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/). 
Verification 
Further to the issuance of the Second Party Opinion by Standard & Poor’s and of the Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework, until maturity of any outstanding sustainability-linked financing instrument, a 
qualified independent provider of third-party assurance services appointed by the Issuer shall provide 
reasonable assurance on all KPI-related information included in the Issuer’s Integrated Report.  
In addition to the Integrated Report, the Issuer will publish the Sustainability Confirmation Statement, 
including its Assurance Report (both as defined in the Conditions), in a separate document, for investors’ 
convenience, on the Issuer’s website (https://www.brisaconcessao.pt). 
Amendments to the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and Recalculation Event 
As stated therein, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will be reviewed by the Issuer on a 
periodic basis to ensure that it is in line with market expectations, voluntary standards such as the SLLP 
and SLBP, and any relevant principles or regulatory developments that may emerge in the future. The 
Issuer may also review the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework in case of material changes in the 
perimeter, data calculation methodology, and in particular the relevant baselines, KPIs and SPTs’ 
calibration.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Any revised Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework will be published on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.brisaconcessao.pt) and will replace the previous Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework. 
The baselines and the sustainability performance targets are, therefore, subject to review as and when 
needed, and may be recalculated/adjusted in good faith by BCR, leading to a Recalculation Event, as 
defined in the Conditions. Information on the recalculation / adjusment, if applicable, will be made 
publicly available in each Sustainability Confirmation Statement. 
For additional and more detailed information, please consult the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework. 
HUMAN RESOURCES AND ORGANISATION 
People are one of the Brisa Group’s main strategic assets and it has always tried to attract and maintain 
talented personnel, manage performance and create a coherent corporate culture. For the 2,867 persons 
working at the Brisa Group at the end of 2022, a Performance Management System (PMS) has been 
developed which covers all functional levels of the Brisa Group – executive management, senior 
management and employees in general –, applying the human resources management strategy defined 
in the Human Resources Strategic Development Plan, as approved in 2003. In 2018, a new PMS for senior 
staff was implemented. The strategy is based on the adjustment of the necessary skills for corporate 
evolution and an increase in productivity levels, promoting the professional progress of its employees. In 
2019, a new leadership development programme was created to continue the work carried out in 2018. 
The Leadership 2.0 Programme was totally tailor-made to better equip managers with the most relevant 
skills and tools. In 2020, Brisa promoted the improvement of the ‘People’ website and the development 
of the ‘Recruitment’ website, making the process entirely digital.  
Also in 2018, the Brisa Group received the “efr certification” (family responsible company) from Fundación 
MásFamilia, a process initiated in 2016. This recognition translates the Brisa Group’s aim to help its 
employees balance their professional, personal and family life. For this purpose, the Brisa Group created 
the Brisa +Vida programme, which materialises the balance policy and the foundations for its 
development. In 2022 new solutions were developed to make the Brisa + Vida programme more 
accessible, namely by creating emails for employees in the operational areas, making e-learning content 
available through the human resources platform, and holding webinars on promoting healthy living 
habits. 
During 2022, the Brisa Group started to design and develop a safety management system based on the 
ISO 45001 standard and a health and safety unit was created at the corporate centre, with the mission of 
proposing and implementing policies and systems for managing health and safety at work. 
At the Issuer’s level, it should be noted that the necessary human resources to render the operational 
activities in relation to the Main Concession will be directly provided under the six main agreements with 
other companies members of the Brisa Group, as previously described in the section headed “Contractual

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Structure”. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s staff comprised 8 permanent employees and is not 
expected to change. Their main responsibilities are to: 
(a) 
ensure compliance with the Issuer’s obligations as defined in the Concession Contract; 
(b) 
manage the relationship with the Grantor, as counterparty to the Concession Contract; 
(c) 
manage in an effective and efficient way the Issuer’s investment programme for the Main 
Concession; 
(d) 
ensure the proper operation of the Main Concession’s motorway network and its complementary 
services, maintaining high standards and providing safety and comfort to its users; 
(e) 
act within the standards regarding ethics and social responsibility adopted by the Brisa Group; 
(f) 
ensure that the relevant Brisa Group companies, as counterparties to the five main service 
agreements described in the section headed “Contractual Structure”, render the contracted 
services in accordance with the levels of demand and quality defined in the relevant contracts. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
As previously mentioned, before becoming concessionaire under the Concession Contract, the Issuer was 
an affiliate of Brisa operating as a call centre under the corporate name M.Call – Serviços e 
Telecomunicações, S.A. Its historical financial statements present a materially lower level of assets and 
liabilities, which would have been the case if the Issuer had already become the new concessionaire.  
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 were prepared in accordance with the IFRS-EU. Prospective investors should carefully analyse these 
financial statements.  
In addition, the Issuer has published its 2023 Issuer First Half Results, which were prepared in accordance 
with the IFRS-EU. 
Selected financial information of the Issuer 
The financial highlights below have been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
prepared in accordance with the IFRS-EU.  
BRISA – CONCESSÃO RODOVIÁRIA, S.A. 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
INFORMATION FROM THE STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(Amounts expressed in Euros) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
31.12.2022 
(audited) 
  
31.12.2021 
(audited) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Assets: 
  
  
  
  
  
Intangible assets 
1 908 414 230 
  
2 004 748 292 
  
  
Cash and cash equivalents 
156 974 632 
  
209 785 651 
  
  
Deferred tax assets 
85 224 331 
  
83 039 834 
  
  
Other assets 
65 970 661 
  
62 292 355

--- Page 106 ---
106 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total assets 
2 216 583 854 
  
2 359 866 132 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Shareholders’ equity: 
  
  
  
  
  
Share capital  
75 000 000 
  
75 000 000 
  
  
Legal reserve and other reserves 
15 345 375 
  
15 949 030 
  
  
Net Income 
220 155 087 
  
183 177 676 
  
  
Interim Dividends* 
(75 477 931) 
  
(54 000 000) 
  
  
  
Total shareholders’ equity 
235 022 531 
  
220 126 706 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
  
Loans 
1 590 130 127 
  
1 757 314 404 
  
  
Other liabilities 
391 431 196 
  
382 425 022 
  
  
  
Total liabilities 
1 981 561 323 
  
2 139 739 426 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
2 216 583 854 
  
2 359 866 132 
  
 
* In the statement of financial position as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer corresponds to 
“Prepaid dividends”. 
 
The following table contains the interim summarised balance sheet of the Issuer as at and for the six 
months period ended 30 June 2023 and its variation when comparing to the information from the Issuer’s 
Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022:  
BRISA – CONCESSÃO RODOVIÁRIA, S.A. 
SUMMARISED BALANCE SHEET 
  
  
(Amounts expressed in millions of Euros) 
 
  
 31.12.2022 
(audited) 
30.06.2023 
(Unaudited and unreviewed) 
  
  
  
Non-current assets 
2 012.0 
1 956.5 
Intangible assets 
1 908.4 
1 850.3 
Tangible assets 
18.3 
19.4 
Deferred tax 
85.2 
86.8 
Current assets 
204.6 
156.6 
Cash and Cash equivalents 
157.0 
93.8 
Other 
47.6 
62.8 
 
 
 
Total Assets 
2 216.6 
2 113.0 
 
 
 
Total Equity 
235.0 
210.1 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities 
1 497.0 
1 454.6 
M/Long-term financial debt 
1 228.5 
1 184.4 
Other 
268.6 
270.2 
Current liabilities 
484.5 
448.3 
Short-term financial debt 
361.7 
285.6 
Other 
122.9 
162.7 
 
 
 
Total Liabilities 
1 981.6 
1 902.9 
Total Equity and Liabilities 
2 216.6 
2 113.0

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Selected financial information of the Parent 
These financial highlights have been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Parent as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 prepared in accordance with the IFRS-EU.  
BRISA – CONCESSÃO RODOVIÁRIA, SGPS, S.A. 
      
      
    
 INFORMATION FROM THE STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION 
      
      
    
(Amounts expressed in Euros) 
      
      
    
      
      
    
      
    
31.12.2022 
(audited) 
  
31.12.2021 
(audited) 
      
      
    
Assets: 
      
    
  Intangible assets 
    
1 908 414 230   
2 004 748 292 
  Cash and cash equivalent 
  
157 566 916   
209 798 071 
  Deferred tax assets 
    
85 224 331   
83 039 834 
  Other assets 
    
65 970 661  
62 292 355 
      
    
    
  
    Total assets 
    
2 217 176 138   
2 359 878 552 
      
    
    
  
Shareholders’ equity: 
  
    
  
  Share capital  
    
100 000   
100 000 
  Share premiums 
    
453   
453 
  Legal Reserve 
    
20 000   
20 000 
  Retained earnings and other reserves   
15 345 375   
36 849 583 
  Consolidated net profit for the year 
  
220 149 681   
183 171 640 
    Total shareholders’ equity 
  
235 615 509   
220 141 676 
      
    
    
  
Liabilities: 
    
    
  
  Loans 
    
1 590 130 127   
1 757 314 404 
  Other liabilities 
    
391 430 502   
382 422 472 
    Total liabilities 
    
1 981 560 629   
2 139 736 876 
      
    
    
  
    Total liabilities and equity 
  
2 217 176 138   
2 359 878 552

--- Page 108 ---
108 
OVERVIEW OF CERTAIN TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The description of certain transaction documents set out below is a summary of certain features of such 
documents and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions thereof. Noteholders may consult the 
documents listed in “General Information – Documents available for inspection” in the terms set forth 
therein. 
The Rose Notes were partially outstanding by the time the Combined Finance Documents were executed 
and therefore some definitions and provisions contained in those documents, notably in the Common 
Terms Agreement, include references to the Rose Notes and related terms. The Rose Notes matured and 
were entirely repaid on 17 December 2012. The Combined Finance Documents have not been amended 
in order to eliminate references to the Rose Notes Documentation. However, for the sake of clarity, those 
references have been removed from this Base Prospectus. 
In December 2014, Brisa Participações, SGPS, S.A., the former holding company of the Parent, merged 
into Brisa. Notwithstanding the Common Terms Agreement having not been amended, references to Brisa 
Participações, SGPS, S.A. in this section have been deleted and the summary of the Common Terms 
Agreement presented below has been amended accordingly, reflecting the Issuer’s interpretation of such 
Common Terms Agreement in light of the above referred merger. 
Common Terms Agreement 
Common Terms 
Under the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, the Issuer, the Parent and certain Finance Parties 
(either acting directly or as representatives of other Finance Parties) have agreed the definitions and the 
common terms applicable to the interpretation and construction of, inter alia, the Combined Finance 
Documents. 
Senior Debt and Additional Senior Debt 
The Senior Debt shall comprise any amounts payable by the Issuer to the Senior Creditors under the terms 
set out in the applicable Senior Debt Agreements. All Senior Debt shall rank pari passu with respect to the 
security created under or pursuant to the Security Agreement without any preference among such Senior 
Debt by reason of the date of incurrence or otherwise. All payments in respect of Debt Service under the 
Senior Debt Agreements shall be made to each Senior Creditor as and when due in accordance with (i) 
the relevant Senior Debt Agreement and the other Finance Documents and (ii) the Cashflow Waterfall. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be released from any of its payment obligations under the 
Finance Documents if there are not sufficient funds to make the payments required to be made in 
accordance with the Cashflow Waterfall. 
The Issuer may incur additional indebtedness providing that all of the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) 
(i) 
no Trigger Event is outstanding, except if the additional indebtedness is raised for the sole 
purpose of refinancing existing indebtedness and the proceeds are applied towards (x)

--- Page 109 ---
109 
prepayment or repayment of part or all of the existing Senior Debt and/or (y) funding of the 
Notes Collateral Account, 
(ii) 
no Trigger Event would result from the incurrence of the additional indebtedness, except if 
the Trigger Event is that set out in Clause 12.1.(e) (Trigger Events) of the Common Terms 
Agreement and the proceeds are applied towards (x) prepayment or repayment of part or 
all of the existing Senior Debt and/or (y) funding of the Notes Collateral Account, 
(iii) 
no Event of Default is outstanding or would result from the incurrence of the additional 
indebtedness, except if the Event of Default is that set out in Clause 13.1.(b) (Events of 
Default) of the Common Terms Agreement and the proceeds are applied towards (x) 
prepayment or repayment of part or all of the existing Senior Debt and/or (y) funding of the 
Notes Collateral Account; 
(b) 
the Issuer represents, on the date of the relevant agreement relating to the additional 
indebtedness, for all purposes of the Finance Documents, to the benefit of the Senior Creditors 
that, taking into account the additional indebtedness to be raised, the ratio of Net Senior 
Debt/EBITDA on each Calculation Date until the end of the Main Concession is forecast to be not 
more than the level specified in column (B) of the chart contained in the section Net Senior 
Debt/EBITDA below in respect of the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
no more than Euro 750,000,000 (Indexed) of Long Term Senior Debt will mature in any 2 year 
period and, during the last 5 years of the Concession Contract, the amount of debt maturing in a 
single year will not exceed 50 per cent. of the EBITDA of the relevant year; 
(d) 
the additional indebtedness has a final maturity date no later than 2 years before the expiry of the 
Main Concession; 
(e) 
the additional indebtedness falls under paragraphs (i), (ii), (vii) or (ix) of the definition of Financial 
Indebtedness; 
(f) 
the Hedging Policy is complied with; 
(g) 
any other conditions set out in the Finance Documents for the Issuer incurring additional 
indebtedness are satisfied or waived by the relevant Senior Creditors; 
(h) 
the Intercreditor Agent has received a copy of the proposed agreement relating to the additional 
indebtedness prior to its execution; 
(i) 
the creditor or creditors of the additional indebtedness (or an agent appointed by such creditor or 
creditors) execute and deliver to the Intercreditor Agent a Senior Creditors Accession Document; 
and 
(j) 
the Issuer may arrange any Short Term Facilities, subject only to the conditions set out in 
paragraphs (h) and (i) above being satisfied. The conditions set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) above,

--- Page 110 ---
110 
together with the delivery to the Intercreditor Agent of details of the amount, final maturity date 
and repayment profile of any drawings under the Short Term Facilities, will be required to be 
satisfied whenever the aggregate amount outstanding under the Short Term Facilities exceeds 
Euro 50,000,000, or any multiple of Euro 50,000,000.  
Any additional indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and which complies with the conditions set out above 
shall constitute Additional Senior Debt for all purposes of the Finance Documents. 
Representations and warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer will make certain representations and warranties and covenant on the terms of certain 
information undertakings, positive and negative undertakings and financial undertakings. The Parent will 
also covenant on the terms of certain negative undertakings. 
In terms of positive undertakings, the Issuer undertakes to the Finance Parties (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders) to: 
(a) 
prepare, keep and maintain, in accordance with good business practice and all applicable laws, all 
its accounting and financial information, statutory books, books of account, bank statements and 
other records; 
(b) 
ensure at all times that its obligations under the Finance Documents do and will rank (to the extent, 
if any, that they are not secured) at least pari passu with all its other present and future unsecured 
obligations and commitments, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law; 
(c) 
operate the Company Accounts in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the 
Accounts Agreement; 
(d) 
diligently operate and maintain, or ensure the diligent operation and maintenance of, the Main 
Concession in accordance with the Concession Contract, in a safe, efficient and business-like 
manner and in accordance with Good Industry Practice; 
(e) 
comply with all of its material obligations under the Project Agreements, the Management 
Consultancy Services Agreement and the Shared Services Agreement; 
(f) 
take all reasonable steps to maintain and enforce its rights under the Project Agreements, the 
Management Consultancy Services Agreement and the Shared Services Agreement, as well as its 
intellectual property rights; 
(g) 
enter into and maintain the Hedging Agreements in accordance with the Hedging Policy from time 
to time; 
(h) 
comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations (including environmental laws and 
regulations) applicable to it and obtain and maintain in full force and effect any authorisation, 
guarantee and/or licence required to be obtained by it in respect of the Main Concession under 
the Concession Contract;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(i) 
pay or procure payment of all its Taxes when due, except to the extent the Taxes are contested in 
good faith and by appropriate means; 
(j) 
procure that the Insurances are taken out and maintained in full force and effect; 
(k) 
procure that all Insurance Proceeds relating to physical damage Insurances received by it or to its 
order are, as soon or reasonably practicable after receipt, applied in restoration, reinstatement or 
replacement of the relevant assets to the extent the same is necessary for the implementation of 
the Main Concession, having regard to the assets concerned; 
(l) 
maintain a minimum of 2 Solicited Credit Ratings;  
(m) 
have, at all times, a minimum of three Independent Directors as members of its board of directors; 
and 
(n) 
have its accounts for each Financial Year audited by the Auditors. 
In terms of negative undertakings, the Issuer undertakes to the Finance Parties (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders) not to: 
(a) 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest on any of its assets, except for: 
(i) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law; or 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising under or pursuant to the Finance Documents; or 
(iii) 
any Security Interest which consists of a retention of title on normal commercial terms 
imposed by a supplier of material or equipment; or 
(iv) 
any Security Interest or Security Interests where the aggregate amount secured at any time 
does not exceed Euro 5,000,000 (Indexed) (or its equivalent); or 
(v) 
any EIB Security; and/or 
(vi) 
any Security Interest which is consented to in writing by the Intercreditor Agent prior to its 
creation, 
each a “Permitted Security Interest”; 
(b) 
save for the Permitted Security Interests or as otherwise contemplated in paragraph (c) below, (i) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby it is or may be leased to 
or re-acquired or acquired by it or any of its related entities, or (ii) sell, transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any of its receivables or General Rights, except for the discounting of bills or notes in 
the ordinary course of trading and any factoring transactions on non-recourse terms (or 
transactions with an equivalent effect) which aggregate amount does not exceed Euro 20,000,000 
(Indexed) (or its equivalent), in each case in circumstances where the transaction is entered into 
primarily as a method of raising finance or of financing the acquisition of an asset; 
(c) 
incur or have outstanding any Financial Indebtedness other than under the Documents, except for:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(i) 
liabilities under the equipment supply agreements deemed required for the operation of 
the Main Concession; 
(ii) 
any hire purchase, finance or operating lease or any similar agreement entered into by the 
Issuer in the ordinary course of its business in relation to which the capitalised value 
determined in accordance with accounting principles and practices generally accepted in 
Portugal does not at any time exceed Euro 5,000,000 (Indexed) in aggregate; 
(iii) 
any Shareholder Loans; 
(iv) 
any Permitted Guarantees granted by Initial Permitted Guarantors or Additional Permitted 
Guarantors;  
(v) 
any overdraft facilities or authorised overdrafts permitted under Clause 9.4 (Expropriations 
Accounts) and Clause 12.4 (Proceeds Accounts) of the Accounts Agreement; and 
(vi) 
Financial Indebtedness which amounts and terms are approved in writing by the 
Intercreditor Agent, 
each a “Permitted Indebtedness”; 
For the avoidance of doubt, Permitted Guarantees granted by Initial Senior Guarantors or 
Additional Senior Guarantors will constitute Senior Debt;  
(d) 
make or have outstanding any loans or provide any credit, or provide guarantees of financial debt, 
except for: 
(i) 
credit provided pursuant to the Finance Documents; 
(ii) 
Authorised Investments; 
(iii) 
loans which are Permitted Distributions; and 
(iv) 
any other trade credits provided by the Issuer within the ordinary course of its business on 
arm’s length terms or as otherwise authorised by the Intercreditor Agent, 
each a “Permitted Credit”; 
(e) 
sell, transfer, grant, lease, license or otherwise dispose (whether in a single transaction or in a 
series of transactions) of all or any of its assets or rights, present or future or promise to do so, 
even conditionally or at a future date, except for: 
(i) 
disposals made in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s trading for fair market consideration 
and negotiated on an arm’s length basis and which, in any event, shall not include any rights 
of the Issuer under the Project Agreements; 
(ii) 
disposals, for full arm’s length, fair market consideration, of equipment, plant or other 
assets the proceeds of which are to be reinvested in other assets comparable or superior as 
to type, value and quality;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
(iii) 
disposals, for full arm’s length, fair market consideration, of equipment, plant or other 
assets which are obsolete or no longer serviceable or not required or desirable for the 
implementation of the Main Concession; and 
(iv) 
disposals of assets expressly required or permitted by the Documents, 
in each case to the extent not prohibited under the Concession Contract; 
(f) 
engage in any business or activities, either alone or in partnership or joint venture with any other 
person, or incur any liability, other than those foreseen in the Finance Documents or in relation to 
the Main Concession, any Ancillary Business Activities and/or other activities directly or indirectly 
associated with the implementation of the Main Concession as envisaged by the Documents, 
except with the consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
(g) 
enter into any amalgamation, demerger, merger, reconstruction, winding up or acquire 
participations in other companies, except with the consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
(h) 
without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), agree to, or act in any way which might reasonably be expected to lead to, the 
sequestration, early termination, cancellation, redemption, rescission or abandonment, of any of 
the Project Agreements except, in the case of any Project Agreement other than the Concession 
Contract, where a substitute Project Agreement is entered into with a commercially qualified 
counterparty of acceptable credit standing and the necessary technical expertise, on substantially 
the same terms or in form and substance satisfactory to the Intercreditor Agent, within 60 days of 
the Issuer becoming aware of any of the above or such longer period as the Intercreditor Agent 
may agree; 
(i) 
without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), agree to any change to the Operator other than in the circumstances referred to in Clause 
10.2.(h) (Negative Undertakings) or 13.1.(j)(ii), 13.1.(l) or 13.1.(m) (Events of Default) of the 
Common Terms Agreement; 
(j) 
without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), agree to any material amendment or material waiver to the Concession Contract or agree 
to any amendment to the Project Agreements other than the Concession Contract which is 
material in the context of the Main Concession; 
(k) 
without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), make any material amendment to its by-laws or any other of its constitutional 
documents; 
(l) 
without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), settle any litigation where such settlement has a Material Adverse Effect;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(m) 
without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed), enter into any contracts, except for: 
(i) 
the Documents; 
(ii) 
the Management Consultancy Services Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Shared Services Agreement; 
(iv) 
any equipment supply agreements deemed required for the operation of the Main 
Concession on arm’s length terms;  
(v) 
any other contracts within the ordinary course of its business on arm’s length terms or as 
otherwise authorised by the Intercreditor Agent; 
(vi) 
any substitute Project Agreement with a commercially qualified counterparty of acceptable 
credit standing and the necessary technical expertise, on substantially the same terms or in 
form and substance satisfactory to the Intercreditor Agent; 
(vii) 
contracts within the ordinary course of any Ancillary Business Activity on arm’s length 
terms, provided that the Issuer’s rights thereunder are subject to a Security Interest in 
favour of the Finance Parties on substantially the terms set out in the Security Agreement; 
and/or 
(viii) 
contracts entered into with the Grantor in connection with the financial rebalance of the 
Main Concession, provided that where the relevant Financial Rebalance Event would 
otherwise be an Event of Default but for the application of the exceptions set out in 
paragraph (b) of the Events of Default section below those contracts are on terms 
satisfactory to the Intercreditor Agent; 
(n) 
amortise, reduce or redeem its share capital in any form whatsoever, acquire treasury shares, issue 
any further share capital or alter any rights attaching to the Shares, acquire or own any share or 
loan capital, or similar right of ownership or any debt security (or any interest in any of the above) 
or other investments other than the Permitted Credits or Permitted Distributions; 
(o) 
open or maintain any accounts other than the Company Accounts, the Authorised Accounts and 
any Hedging Collateral Accounts; 
(p) 
transfer any amounts to the Distributions Account, unless: (i) at the time of transfer no Trigger 
Event or Event of Default is outstanding or would result from such transfer, that transfer is made 
on a Transfer Date, and prior to that transfer being made, it has delivered to the Intercreditor 
Agent: (A) a Calculation Certificate for the most recent Calculation Date; and (B) a certificate issued 
by the secretary of the Issuer confirming that (x) the board resolution approving the relevant 
Distribution has been passed with the favourable vote of the majority of the Independent Directors 
and (y) where required under applicable corporate law, the Parent has approved the relevant

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Distribution on the basis of a board resolution passed as referred to in (x);  
(q) 
enter into transactions with Related Entities or propose any Distribution, unless, in each case, the 
same have been approved by a board resolution passed with the favourable vote of the majority 
of the Independent Directors and, prior to the Issuer entering into the relevant transaction, it has 
delivered to the Intercreditor Agent a certificate issued by the secretary of the Issuer confirming 
that (i) the board resolution approving the relevant transaction has been passed with the 
favourable vote of the majority of the Independent Directors and (ii) if required under applicable 
corporate law, the Parent has approved the relevant Distribution on the basis of a board resolution 
passed as referred to in (i); and 
(r) 
change its Financial Year, without the prior consent of the Intercreditor Agent. 
The Parent undertakes to the Finance Parties (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders) not 
to: 
(a) 
engage in any business or activities, either alone or in partnership or joint venture with any other 
person, other than owning shares in the Issuer and incurring any liabilities towards, or providing 
any loans to, the Issuer and Brisa (in each case, provided that such business or activities comply 
with the rules set out in the applicable legislation), unless the Intercreditor Agent otherwise 
consents; and 
(b) 
approve any Distribution which requires the approval of the Parent under applicable corporate law 
(at the relevant Shareholders’ General Meeting), unless the same has been previously approved 
by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed with the favourable vote of the 
majority of the Independent Directors. 
On each Calculation Date, the Issuer has undertaken to comply with the following financial ratios (the 
“Financial Covenants”): 
(a) 
the ratio of Net Senior Debt/EBITDA for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date and 
the following Calculation Period must not be more than the level specified in column (D) of the 
chart contained in the section Net Senior Debt/EBITDA below in respect of the relevant Calculation 
Date;  
(b) 
the Historic ICR for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date must be more than 1.75 
to 1;  
(c) 
the Forward Looking ICR for the Calculation Period commencing on the first day immediately after 
that Calculation Date, must be more than 1.75 to 1; and 
(d) 
the CLCR for that Calculation Date must be more than 1.8 to 1. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Intercreditor Agent, on or before the date 120 days after each Calculation 
Date, a calculation certificate indicating, as at that Calculation Date, compliance with the Financial

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Covenants. 
Net Senior Debt/EBITDA 
“Net Senior Debt/EBITDA” means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the ratio of Net Senior Debt on that 
Calculation Date to EBITDA for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date. This ratio is relevant 
notably for the following purposes: 
(a) 
one of the conditions that shall be satisfied by the Issuer in order to incur Additional Senior Debt 
is to represent, on the date of the relevant agreement relating to the additional indebtedness, for 
all purposes of the Finance Documents, to the benefit of the Senior Creditors that, taking into 
account the additional indebtedness to be raised, the ratio of Net Senior Debt/EBITDA on each 
Calculation Date until the end of the Main Concession is forecast to be not more than the level 
specified in column (B) of the chart below in respect of the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
one of the financial ratios that the Issuer shall comply with on each Calculation Date is the ratio of 
Net Senior Debt/EBITDA for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date and the 
following Calculation Period, which must not be more than the level specified in column (D) of 
chart below in respect of the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
one of the events that constitutes a Trigger Event (as described below) is the ratio of Net Senior 
Debt/EBITDA for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date or for the following 
Calculation Period being more than the level specified in column (B) of the chart below in respect 
of the relevant Calculation Date. 
(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
Years to the 
end of concession 
Trigger level 
and Additional 
Indebtedness test 
Years to the 
end of concession 
Default level 
More than or equal to 22.0 
6.50x 
More than or equal to 20.0 
8.00x 
More than or equal to 21.0 
6.25x 
More than or equal to 18.0 
7.75x 
More than or equal to 20.5 
6.00x 
More than or equal to 17.0 
7.25x 
More than or equal to 17.0 
5.75x 
More than or equal to 16.0 
7.00x 
More than or equal to 16.0 
5.50x 
More than or equal to 15.0 
6.75x 
More than or equal to 15.0 
5.25x 
More than or equal to 14.0 
6.50x

--- Page 117 ---
117 
More than or equal to 14.0 
5.00x 
More than or equal to 13.0 
6.25x 
More than or equal to 13.0 
4.75x 
More than or equal to 12.0 
5.75x 
More than or equal to 12.0 
4.25x 
More than or equal to 11.0 
5.50x 
More than or equal to 11.0 
4.00x 
More than or equal to 10.0 
5.00x 
More than or equal to 10.0 
3.50x 
More than or equal to 9.0 
4.50x 
More than or equal to 9.0 
3.00x 
More than or equal to 8.0 
4.25x 
More than or equal to 8.0 
2.75x 
More than or equal to 7.0 
3.75x 
More than or equal to 7.0 
2.25x 
More than or equal to 6.0 
3.25x 
More than or equal to 6.0 
1.75x 
More than or equal to 4.0 
3.00x 
More than or equal to 4.0 
1.50x 
More than or equal to 2.0 
2.50x 
More than or equal to 2.0 
1.00x 
 
 
Trigger Events 
The Common Terms Agreement provides for certain events, actions or omissions to constitute “Trigger 
Events”, as follows: 
(a) 
at any time, the DSRA Required Balance is not satisfied through the aggregate of amounts standing 
to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account and the amounts available for drawing under the 
Debt Service L/Cs; 
(b) 
any bank which has issued a Debt Service L/C ceases to be a Qualifying Bank and, (i) a replacement 
Debt Service L/C is not issued by a Qualifying Bank or (ii) a sum equal to the amount of the relevant 
Debt Service L/C is not credited to the Debt Service Reserve Account; 
(c) 
the CAPEX Required Balance is not satisfied through the aggregate of amounts standing to the 
credit of the CAPEX Reserve Account; 
(d) 
any Permitted Indebtedness (other than any arising under a Finance Document) having an 
aggregate principal amount in excess of Euro 5,000,000 (Indexed) is not paid within eight days of 
the due date (or within any longer applicable grace period originally provided for in the documents 
constituting or evidencing that Permitted Indebtedness); 
(e) 
on any Calculation Date: 
(i) 
the ratio of Net Senior Debt/EBITDA for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Date or for the following Calculation Period is more than the level specified in column (B) of 
the chart contained in the section Net Senior Debt/EBITDA above in respect of the relevant 
Calculation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Historic ICR for the Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date is less than 2.25 
to 1; or 
(iii) 
the Forward Looking ICR, for the Calculation Period commencing on the first day 
immediately after that Calculation Date, is less than 2.25 to 1; or 
(iv) 
the CLCR for that Calculation Date is less than 2 to 1; and 
(v) 
any Solicited Credit Rating falls below “Baa3”/”BBB-” or equivalent or the Issuer ceases to 
maintain at all times 2 Solicited Credit Ratings. 
Whilst a Trigger Event is outstanding, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Intercreditor Agent be allowed access 
(during normal business hours and no more frequently than is reasonable under the 
circumstances) to inspect (i) the site of the Main Concession, and (ii) the technical and statistical 
data, accounting books, records and other data in the possession or control of the Issuer with 
respect to the Main Concession as it may reasonably require; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall supply to the Intercreditor Agent and/or any Senior Creditor such information 
relating to the business or financial condition of the Issuer, the Main Concession or any Ancillary 
Business Activities, as the Intercreditor Agent and/or any Senior Creditor (as applicable) may 
reasonably require; 
(c) 
the Senior Creditors shall be entitled to appoint an independent adviser (on reasonable 
engagement terms) to carry out a review of the circumstances giving rise to the Trigger Event and 
to make proposals with regard to a plan to remedy the Trigger Event and the costs of such an 
adviser shall be borne by the Issuer; and 
(d) 
no Distribution can be made. 
A Trigger Event shall cease to exist when the event giving rise to it has been remedied or if it is waived by 
the Intercreditor Agent in writing in accordance with the provisions of the Finance Documents. 
Events of Default 
Without prejudice to other events that may constitute a default under the applicable law or the Common 
Terms Agreement, each of the following events, actions or omissions constitutes an event of default 
(“Event of Default”): 
(a) 
the Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it under the Finance Documents 
at the place at, and in the currency in, which it is expressed to be payable, unless the failure to pay 
is due solely to technical or administrative reasons and the relevant amount is duly paid in full

--- Page 119 ---
119 
within 5 Business Days after the due date or, if a determination by a Finance Party of the amount 
payable is required, within 5 Business Days of that determination having been made; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not comply with the Financial Covenants; 
(c) 
the Issuer does not comply with any provision of the Combined Finance Documents to which it is 
a party (other than those provisions set out in paragraphs (a) and (b) above) and, if capable of 
remedy, such non-compliance is not remedied within 30 days, in case of material provisions, and 
within 90 days, in case of any other provisions, of the Issuer becoming aware of the same and, 
where the default constitutes a Trigger Event, the same event also falls under a specific provision 
of Clause 13.1 (other than this paragraph (c)) of the Common Terms Agreement;  
(d) 
a representation, warranty or written statement by the Issuer made or repeated in any Finance 
Document is or proves to be materially incorrect or misleading when made or deemed to be made 
or repeated and, if the error is capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 days of the Issuer 
becoming aware of the same and the matter giving rise to the same has a Material Adverse Effect; 
(e) 
any Senior Debt becomes prematurely due and payable; 
(f) 
any Permitted Indebtedness (other than any arising under a Finance Document) having an 
aggregate principal amount in excess of Euro 10,000,000 (Indexed) becomes prematurely due and 
payable or is placed on demand in each case as a result of an event of default howsoever described 
under the document relating to that Permitted Indebtedness; 
(g) 
any of the following events occur in relation to the Issuer or the Parent: 
(i) 
it is, or is deemed to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due or insolvent, or admits in 
writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(ii) 
it suspends making payments on all or a material part of its debts or announces in writing 
an intention to do so, or a moratorium is declared in respect of any of its Financial 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
by reason of financial difficulties, begins negotiations with one or more classes of its 
creditors with a view to the readjustment or rescheduling of any of its Financial 
Indebtedness; 
(iv) 
any resolution for (or petition for) its winding-up is passed; or 
(v) 
any person presents a petition for the winding-up of the Issuer or the Parent unless the 
Issuer or the Parent, as the case may be, demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Intercreditor Agent that the petition is being or, subject only to applicable procedural rules, 
will be actively contested in good faith or the petition is withdrawn, terminated or 
unconditionally dismissed within 90 days after it was presented; or

--- Page 120 ---
120 
(vi) 
any final judgement, order, attachment, sequestration, distress, execution or analogous 
event (other than a frivolous or vexatious interim measure (“providência cautelar”)) affects 
any property or fixed assets of the Issuer or of the Parent having an aggregate value of at 
least Euro 50,000,000 (Indexed) or its equivalent in other currencies, which has not been 
discharged within 30 days; 
(h) 
except in the context of a solvent reorganisation on terms approved by the Intercreditor Agent, 
the Issuer ceases to carry on all or a substantial part of its business (save for the redemption of the 
Main Concession by the Grantor in accordance with the terms set out in the Concession Contract 
and provided that (i) the Grantor has confirmed, on or before the redemption date, that all of the 
Obligations then outstanding will be taken over by the Grantor as principal debtor or guarantor or 
(ii) the Intercreditor Agent receives, on or before the redemption date, evidence satisfactory to it 
that the compensation that the Issuer is legally entitled to receive from the Grantor under the 
Concession Contract will be, taking into account the amount of the Obligations outstanding on the 
redemption date, sufficient to discharge in full all such outstanding Obligations as and when the 
same fall due); 
(i) 
it is or becomes illegal for the Issuer to perform any of its material obligations under any Finance 
Document; 
(j) 
any party to a Project Agreement does not comply with any of its material obligations under that 
Project Agreement and the relevant breach is material in the context of the Main Concession, 
unless: 
(i) 
the default, if capable of remedy, is remedied or waived by the Intercreditor Agent (acting 
on instructions of the relevant Majority Senior Creditors) within 45 days of the Issuer 
becoming aware of the same or such longer period as the Intercreditor Agent may agree, 
or  
(ii) 
in case of any Project Agreement other than the Concession Contract, the Issuer enters into 
a substitute Project Agreement with a commercially qualified counterparty of acceptable 
credit standing and the necessary technical expertise, on substantially the same terms or in 
form and substance satisfactory to the Intercreditor Agent within 90 days of the Issuer 
becoming aware of the relevant default or such longer period as the Intercreditor Agent 
may agree; 
(k) 
the Concession Contract is repudiated or becomes void and unenforceable or terminates otherwise 
than by reason of full performance thereof or the Grantor issues a notice of termination thereof 
or expresses in writing its intention to do so; 
(l) 
any Project Agreement (other than the Concession Contract) is repudiated or becomes void and 
unenforceable or terminates otherwise than by reason of full performance thereof or the 
counterparty to any Project Agreement issues a notice of termination thereof or expresses in

--- Page 121 ---
121 
writing its intention to do so unless the Issuer enters into a substitute Project Agreement with a 
commercially qualified counterparty of acceptable credit standing and the necessary technical 
expertise, on substantially the same terms or in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Intercreditor Agent, within 90 days of the Issuer becoming aware of any of the above or such longer 
period as the Intercreditor Agent may agree; 
(m) 
any Document or any provision of any Document is required by any law or regulation having the 
force of law to be abandoned, waived, modified or amended in any way which would have a 
Material Adverse Effect, unless, in the case of any Project Agreement other than the Concession 
Contract, a substitute Project Agreement has been entered into with a commercially qualified 
counterparty of acceptable credit standing and the necessary technical expertise, on substantially 
the same terms or in form and substance satisfactory to the Intercreditor Agent, within 90 days or 
such longer period as the Intercreditor Agent may agree; 
(n) 
a Force Majeure Event affecting the Concession Contract or the O&M Agreement has occurred and 
has continued for 120 consecutive days to the extent that it has a Material Adverse Effect; 
(o) 
any Security Interest granted pursuant to the Finance Documents is not effective to confer the 
rights purported to be conferred thereby other than by reason of the act or omission of any Finance 
Party, subject to the Legal Qualifications, unless the relevant matter does not have a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
(p) 
the Issuer abandons the whole or a substantial part of the Main Concession (or its activities in 
relation to it); 
(q) 
the Government of Portugal or any agency thereof takes any legal step with a view to the seizure, 
expropriation, nationalisation or acquisition (whether compulsory or otherwise and whether or 
not for fair compensation) of the Issuer or a substantial part of its assets (save for the redemption 
of the Main Concession by the Grantor in accordance with the terms set out in the Concession 
Contract and provided that (i) the Grantor has confirmed, on or before the redemption date, that 
all of the Obligations then outstanding will be taken over by the Grantor as principal debtor or 
guarantor or (ii) the Intercreditor Agent receives, on or before the redemption date, evidence 
satisfactory to it that the compensation that the Issuer is legally entitled to receive from the 
Grantor under the Concession Contract will be, taking into account the amount of the Obligations 
outstanding on the redemption date, sufficient to discharge in full all such outstanding Obligations 
as and when the same fall due); 
(r) 
at any time, the shares in the Parent are transferred other than as permitted under the Concession 
Contract or as otherwise authorised by the Grantor; 
(s) 
at any time, the Parent ceases to own 100 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer, other than 
as a result of any of the events foreseen in paragraph (q); and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(t) 
an event which is a Trigger Event under paragraph (d) of Clause 12.1 (Trigger Events) of the 
Common Terms Agreement occurs and is not remedied within 45 days of the end of the grace 
period (if any) provided for the remedy of that Trigger Event. 
Subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, any remedy or other period expressed in any of the paragraphs 
above may be extended by the Intercreditor Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Finance 
Documents and any reference to a remedy or other period shall be to that period or such longer period 
as the Intercreditor Agent may allow. 
Appointment and removal of Agents 
The Intercreditor Agent and the Security Agent are appointed as such by the Finance Parties. Each of these 
agents may resign at any time by giving notice to the other Finance Parties and the Issuer. Furthermore, 
each of these agents may (after consultation with the Issuer) be removed upon the relevant Majority 
Senior Creditors giving notice to that effect to the Issuer and the Intercreditor Agent, in case the Agent 
being removed is the Security Agent, or to the Issuer and the Security Agent, in case the Agent being 
removed is the Intercreditor Agent.  
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Common Terms Agreement is subject to Portuguese law. The courts of Lisbon will have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction in relation to any dispute including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising 
out or in connection therewith. 
Security Agreement 
Security granted and promised to be granted by the Issuer 
Under the terms of the Security Agreement, the Issuer: 
(a) 
grants, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent and the EIB, a first ranking pledge over 
the balance of the Company Accounts (other than the Debt Service Reserve Account and the 
Distributions Account) held by the Issuer on the Signing Date, as identified in Schedule V (Pledged 
Company Accounts) of the Security Agreement, including the right to any monies deposited, from 
time to time, in, or Authorised Investments made from monies standing to the credit of, such 
Company Accounts and to any and all interest in relation thereto; 
(b) 
grants, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent and the EIB, a first ranking pledge over 
the balance of the Debt Service Reserve Account, including the right to any monies deposited, from 
time to time, in the Debt Service Reserve Account and to any and all interest in relation thereto; 
(c) 
grants, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance Parties other 
than the EIB) and the EIB, a first ranking pledge over all the General Rights; 
(d) 
promises to grant, at its own expense, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent and the 
EIB, a first ranking mortgage over each and all of the Real Assets acquired by the Issuer after the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Signing Date; 
(e) 
promises to grant, at its own expense, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent and the 
EIB a first ranking pledge over the balance of any Company Account or Authorised Account for the 
purposes of making Authorised Investments opened by the Issuer after the Signing Date, including 
the right to any monies deposited, from time to time, in, or Authorised Investments made from 
monies standing to the credit of, any such Company Account or Authorised Account and to any 
and all interest in relation thereto;  
(f) 
promises to grant, at its own expense, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent and the 
EIB, a first ranking pledge over the New Assets in accordance with Clause 12 (Promissory Pledge 
over the New Assets) of the Security Agreement; 
(g) 
promises to grant in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent, a first ranking mortgage over 
certain Real Assets if the aggregate commercial value of the Real Assets acquired by Issuer, and 
not yet mortgaged, regardless of the calendar year in which they were acquired, is equal to or 
exceeds Euro 5,000,000 and if the Security Agent has informed the Issuer that certain Real Assets 
shall be mortgaged in its favour; and 
(h) 
promises to grant in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance 
Parties, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders), a first ranking pledge over certain 
New Assets if the aggregate commercial value of the New Assets acquired by the Issuer, and not 
yet pledged, regardless of the calendar year in which they were acquired, is equal to or exceeds 
Euro 2,000,000 and if the Security Agent has informed the Issuer that certain New Assets shall be 
pledged in its favour,  
as security for the entire and timely performance of all and each of the Obligations. 
Under the terms of the Security Agreement, the Issuer, to the extent permitted under Portuguese law, 
will assign by way of security (cessão de créditos em garantia), in favour and for the benefit of the Security 
Agent and EIB, the Future General Rights for the entire and timely performance of all and each of the 
Obligations. 
Other security  
Under the terms of the Security Agreement, the Initial Shareholder has granted, in favour and for the 
benefit of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance Parties, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Noteholders, other than the EIB) and the EIB, a first ranking pledge over all and each of the Shares 
(including the corresponding Share Related Rights) as security for the entire and timely performance of 
all and each of the Obligations. Prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the Shares (including the 
corresponding Share Related Rights) have been transferred to the Parent and continue to secure the 
entire and timely performance of all and each of the Obligations. Furthermore, the Parent promises to 
grant, at its own expense, in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent (on behalf of the Finance

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Parties, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders, other than the EIB) and the EIB, a first 
ranking pledge over all and each of the New Shares (including all and each of the Share Related Rights 
attached thereto) as security for the entire and timely performance of all and each of the Obligations. 
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Security Agreement is subject to Portuguese law. The courts of Lisbon will have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction in relation to any dispute including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising 
out or in connection therewith. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Undertakings by the Issuer and the Parent 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer undertakes to the Finance Parties that it will 
not, except with the prior consent of the Intercreditor Agent or as otherwise expressly provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement or any of the Finance Documents: 
(a) 
pay, prepay or repay, or make a distribution in respect of or on account of, or purchase or acquire, 
any of the Obligations in cash or in kind except if and to the extent that it is permitted to be paid, 
prepaid, repaid or distributed in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents; 
(b) 
discharge any of the Obligations by set-off, any right of combination of accounts or otherwise 
except if and to the extent that it is permitted to be discharged in accordance with the terms of 
the Finance Documents; and 
(c) 
amend, vary, waive, supplement or modify or concur in the amendment, variation, waiver, 
supplement or modification of or cancel, repudiate, revoke, terminate, suspend or surrender any 
provision of the Finance Documents except in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor 
Agreement or as otherwise expressly provided in any of the Finance Documents. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Parent undertakes to the Finance Parties that it will 
not, except with the prior consent of the Intercreditor Agent or as otherwise expressly provided in the 
Intercreditor Agreement or any of the Finance Documents: 
(a) 
take any action which would be reasonably likely to result in the insolvency or dissolution of the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
vote favourably any Distribution by the Issuer which does not comply with the provisions of the 
Finance Documents; 
(c) 
receive any amounts paid by the Issuer in breach of the provisions of the Finance Documents; 
(d) 
make any material amendment to the by-laws of the Issuer or any other constitutional documents 
of the Issuer, without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent; and 
(e) 
transfer any Shares or New Shares (if applicable) (i) in breach of the provisions of the Finance

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Documents, and (ii) unless the transferee executes a Shareholders Accession Document.  
Undertakings by the Hedging Counterparties 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Hedging Counterparties undertake, for the benefit 
of the Finance Parties, that, until the Term Date and in relation to the Hedging Agreements, no Hedging 
Counterparty will: 
(a) 
demand (other than as may be necessary in order to exercise any right to terminate or close out 
any hedging transaction as provided in and permitted under paragraph (b) below) or receive 
payment, prepayment or repayment of, or any distribution in respect of, or on account of, any of 
the Hedging Liabilities in cash or in kind, or apply any money or property in or towards the 
discharge of any Hedging Liabilities except: 
(i) 
for scheduled payments or default interest on such scheduled payments arising under the 
original terms of the Hedging Agreements (without regard to any amendments made after 
the date of those Hedging Agreements other than those permitted by the terms of the 
Finance Documents) and any costs arising to the Hedging Counterparties as a result of the 
reduction of the aggregate amount of hedging transactions under the Hedging Agreements 
in accordance with Clause 5.3 (Hedging) of the Intercreditor Agreement; and/or 
(ii) 
for the proceeds of enforcement of the Security Interests received and applied in the order 
permitted by Clause 6 (Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
and/or 
(iii) 
for Hedging Termination Payments or any other amounts arising as a result of a termination 
or close out of a hedging transaction in accordance with the relevant Hedging Agreement 
and the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(b) 
exercise any right to terminate or close out any hedging transaction under the Hedging Agreements 
prior to its stated maturity (whether by reason of the Issuer becoming a defaulting party 
thereunder (and as defined therein) or otherwise) unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer has failed to pay on the due date any amount payable to the Hedging 
Counterparty under the relevant Hedging Agreement and such failure is not remedied 
within 30 days following receipt by the Intercreditor Agent of notice from the relevant 
Hedging Counterparty of such payment default; or 
(ii) 
all or any part of the Senior Debt is declared prematurely due and payable under Clause 14 
(Acceleration) of the Common Terms Agreement; or 
(iii) 
an Illegality (as such term is defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) has occurred; or 
(iv) 
a Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger (each as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) 
has occurred; or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
(v) 
in accordance with the Clause 5.3 (Hedging) of the Intercreditor Agreement, if at any time 
the notional principal amount of the hedging transactions exceeds 100 per cent. Of the 
actual amount outstanding of the Senior Debt; or 
(vi) 
any of the events specified in Clauses 13.1.(g) or 13.1.(h) (Events of Default) of the Common 
Terms Agreement has occurred in respect of the Issuer and (in relation to Clause 13.1.(g) 
(Events of Default)) the Parent; or 
(vii) 
so agreed with the Issuer (such an agreement only to be given if the Issuer fully complies 
with the Hedging Policy after termination of the relevant Hedging Agreement) or with the 
consent of the Intercreditor Agent; 
(c) 
subject to Clause 8 (Sharing between Finance Parties) of the Intercreditor Agreement, discharge all 
or any part of the Hedging Liabilities by set-off, any right of combination of accounts or otherwise 
except if and to the extent that those Hedging Liabilities are permitted to be paid under paragraphs 
(a) and (b) above; 
(d) 
permit to subsist or receive any Security Interest or any financial support (including without 
limitation the taking of any participation, the giving of any guarantee, indemnity or other assurance 
against loss, or the making of any deposit or payment) for, or in respect of, any of the Hedging 
Liabilities other than under the Security Agreement or any other Security Interests or support 
granted for the full benefit of the Finance Parties in accordance with the ranking specified in the 
Intercreditor Agreement, and except under the original provisions of the Hedging Agreements; or 
(e) 
amend, vary, supplement or allow to be superseded any provision of any Hedging Agreement 
except: 
(i) 
in accordance with Clause 11 (Decision Making – General Principles) of the Intercreditor 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
for any amendment which is technical, mechanical or procedural or which is administrative 
in nature and made in the ordinary course of the administration of the Finance Documents 
and which in any such case is not material; or 
(iii) 
any amendment required as a result of a proportional close-out of that Hedging Agreement 
in accordance with Clause 5.3 (Hedging) of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(iv) 
file a petition with the competent authorities for the insolvency, liquidation, winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
Proceeds of enforcement of Security 
Subject to the rights of any prior or preferential encumbrances or creditors (other than those that may 
arise under or in connection with the Finance Documents), the net proceeds of enforcement of the 
security conferred by the Security Agreement shall be paid to the Security Agent and applied in the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
following order: 
(a) 
first, in payment of all reasonable costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by or on behalf 
of the Security Agent and any receiver, attorney or agent in connection with carrying out or 
purporting to carry out its duties and exercising its powers and discretions under the Security 
Agreement and the remuneration of the Security Agent and every receiver, attorney or agent 
under the Security Agreement; 
(b) 
second, in payment of all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of any Finance Party in 
connection with such enforcement; 
(c) 
third, in payment of all other reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the 
Intercreditor Agent, the Security Agent, the EIB, the Notes Common Representative, any agent 
appointed under, or in connection with, any Senior Debt Agreement and the Account Banks; 
(d) 
fourth, in payment of all agency fees owed to the Intercreditor Agent, the Security Agent, the EIB, 
the Notes Common Representative, any agent appointed under, or in connection with, any Senior 
Debt Agreement and the Account Banks accrued but unpaid; 
(e) 
fifth, in payment of all unpaid reasonable costs and any expenses incurred by the Senior Creditors 
in respect of the Senior Debt pro rata between the Senior Creditors; 
(f) 
sixth, in payment of all fees accrued but unpaid, other than the agency fees, on the Senior Debt 
pro rata between the Senior Creditors; 
(g) 
seventh, in payment of default interest in respect of any Senior Debt, accrued but unpaid pro rata 
between the Senior Creditors; 
(h) 
eighth, in payment of interest in respect of any Senior Debt (including the Net Hedging Costs), 
accrued but unpaid pro rata between the Senior Creditors; 
(i) 
ninth, in payment of all amounts of principal outstanding under the Senior Debt Agreements and 
all Hedging Termination Payments pro rata between the Senior Creditors; 
(j) 
tenth, in payment of any other unpaid sums due to the Finance Parties under the Finance 
Documents pro rata between the Senior Creditors; 
(k) 
eleventh, in payment of any other sums due to any Debt Service L/C Provider; and 
(l) 
twelfth, in payment of the surplus (if any) to the Issuer, any Shareholder or other relevant person 
entitled thereto. 
Enforcement of Security by the Finance Parties 
Even though the Security Agent has become entitled to enforce the security created pursuant to, or to 
exercise rights conferred by, the Security Agreement, the Security Agent will refrain from enforcing or 
exercising the same security conferred by the Security Agreement unless and until instructed by the

--- Page 128 ---
128 
relevant Majority Senior Creditors. The Senior Creditors may, to the extent permitted by Clause 14 
(Acceleration) of the Common Terms Agreement, give or refrain from giving instructions to the Security 
Agent to enforce or refrain from enforcing the security conferred by the Security Agreement as long as 
they see fit. 
Subject to Clause 7.5 of the Intercreditor Agreement, if the relevant Majority Senior Creditors do instruct 
the Security Agent to enforce the security conferred by the Security Agreement, it shall do so in such 
manner as it sees fit and solely having regard to the interests of the Finance Parties. The Security Agent 
(acting on instructions of the relevant Majority Senior Creditors) may cease any such enforcement at any 
time. If: 
(a) 
pursuant to an enforcement of, or exercise of its rights under, the Security Agreement, the Security 
Agent on the instructions or with the consent of the relevant Majority Senior Creditors sells or 
otherwise disposes of any asset; or  
(b) 
the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of such asset at the request of the Security Agent on the 
instructions or with the consent of the relevant Majority Senior Creditors at a time when the 
Security Agent is entitled to enforce the Security Interests under the Security Agreement, 
the Security Agent is authorised by each of the Finance Parties to execute: 
(a) 
on behalf of itself and each such Finance Party without the need for any further referral to or 
authority from such Finance Party, any release of the security created by the Security Agreement 
over that asset; and 
(b) 
if such asset comprises all of the shares in the capital of the Issuer, on behalf of each Finance Party, 
without the need for any further referral to or authority from such Finance Party, any release of 
the security created by the Security Agreement over those shares, 
provided that in each such case the proceeds are to be applied in the manner provided for in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. Any sale or other disposal of assets made or permitted by the Security Agent in 
the course of its enforcement of the Security Agreement will be made pursuant to the relevant provisions 
of the Security Agreement. 
Sharing between Finance Parties 
If at any time the proportion received or recovered (whether by direct payment, by exercise of any right 
of set-off, or otherwise) by a Finance Party (a “Recovering Finance Party”) in respect of the total sum 
which has become due to it from the Issuer under the Finance Documents before that time, whether upon 
enforcement of security or beforehand (that Finance Party’s “Recovery Proportion”) exceeds the 
Recovery Proportion of any other Finance Party (as calculated by the Intercreditor Agent), but excluding 
any amounts received by the EIB under the EIB Security, then: 
(a) 
the Recovering Finance Party shall, within 3 Business Days of becoming aware that its Recovery 
Proportion exceeds the Recovery Proportion of any other Finance Party, notify the details of the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
receipt or recovery to the Security Agent; 
(b) 
the Security Agent shall determine whether the receipt or recovery is in excess of the amount the 
Recovering Finance Party would have been paid had the receipt or recovery been received or made 
by the Security Agent and distributed in accordance with Clause 12.2 (Proceeds Accounts) of the 
Accounts Agreement or as described in Clause 8.5 of the Intercreditor Agreement (as the case may 
be), without taking account of any Tax which would be imposed on the Security Agent in relation 
to the receipt, recovery or distribution; and 
(c) 
the Recovering Finance Party shall, within 5 Business Days of demand by the Security Agent, pay 
to the Security Agent an amount (the “Sharing Payment”) equal to such receipt or recovery less 
any amount which the Security Agent determines may be retained by the Recovering Finance Party 
as its share of any payment to be made, in accordance with Clause 12.2. (Proceeds Accounts) of 
the Accounts Agreement or as described in Clause 8.5 of the Intercreditor Agreement (as the case 
may be). 
If any part of the Sharing Payment received or recovered by a Recovering Finance Party becomes 
repayable and is repaid by that Recovering Finance Party, then: 
(a) 
each Finance Party which has received a share of the relevant Sharing Payment pursuant to Clause 
8.2 of the Intercreditor Agreement shall, upon request of the Security Agent, pay to the Security 
Agent for account of that Recovering Finance Party an amount equal to the appropriate part of its 
share of the Sharing Payment (together with the amount necessary to reimburse that Recovering 
Finance Party for its proportion of any interest on the Sharing Payment which that Recovering 
Finance Party is required to pay); and 
(b) 
that Recovering Finance Party’s rights of subrogation in respect of any reimbursement shall be 
cancelled and the relevant party will be liable to reimbursing the Finance Party for the amount so 
reimbursed. 
The aforementioned rules do not apply (without prejudice to the notification duty referred above) to the 
extent that the Recovering Finance Party, after making any payment as described above, would not have 
a valid and enforceable claim against the relevant party. A Recovering Finance Party is not obliged to share 
with any other Finance Party any amount which the Recovering Finance Party has received or recovered 
as a result of taking legal or arbitration proceedings, if: 
(a) 
it notified that other Finance Party of the legal or arbitration proceedings; and 
(b) 
that other Finance Party had an opportunity to participate in those legal or arbitration proceedings 
but did not do so as soon as reasonably practicable after having received notice and did not take 
separate legal or arbitration proceedings. 
Decision Making 
Each party to the Intercreditor Agreement (including, in relation to the Notes Common Representative,

--- Page 130 ---
130 
the Noteholders it represents) agrees that the Intercreditor Agent and the other Finance Parties may not 
exercise or enforce any right, power or discretion, give any consent or any waiver, or make any 
determination or notification under or in respect of any provisions of the Finance Documents except in 
accordance with that agreement.  
Save as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement and subject to the Entrenched Rights and the 
Retained Rights of the various Senior Creditors, all waivers, consents or approvals under the Combined 
Finance Document, or any amendment to the terms of any Combined Finance Document will require the 
consent of the relevant Majority Senior Creditors.  
Any decisions under the Combined Finance Documents which are expressed to be taken by the 
Intercreditor Agent will be taken by the Intercreditor Agent, acting on instructions of the relevant Majority 
Senior Creditors, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Combined Finance Documents, 
the Entrenched Rights and the Retained Rights of the various Senior Creditors.  
Any decision giving rise to an Entrenched Right or a Retained Right for any Senior Creditor (other than the 
Noteholders) or Class of Noteholders cannot be made without the approval of that Senior Creditor (other 
than the Noteholders) or Class of Noteholders (as applicable). 
The instructions given by any Senior Creditor or the Notes Common Representative (as applicable) in 
relation to any decision shall remain confidential and shall not be released by the Intercreditor Agent to 
any other Finance Party or to the Issuer. 
The Intercreditor Agent shall send to the Issuer, each Senior Creditor (other than the Noteholders), the 
Notes Common Representative and any other relevant Parties to the Intercreditor Agreement a copy of 
each amendment, modification or waiver to or with respect to any Combined Finance Document promptly 
after it is executed or given. 
The Intercreditor Agent shall be responsible for determining the relevant quorums and majorities in 
relation to any Ordinary Decision or Special Decision in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and 
shall keep appropriate records of the same. 
Ordinary Decisions, in which all Senior Creditors are entitled to participate, are governed by the provisions 
of Schedule V part A (Provisions for Taking Ordinary Decisions) of the Intercreditor Agreement while 
Special Decisions, in which all Senior Creditors are entitled to participate, are governed by the provisions 
of Schedule V part B (Provisions for Taking Special Decisions) of the Intercreditor Agreement.  
Noteholders’ Decision Process 
For a description of the Noteholders’ decision process, please refer to Condition 19 (Ordinary Decisions 
and Noteholders meetings) below. 
Entrenched Rights  
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that each Senior Creditor (other than the Hedging Counterparties

--- Page 131 ---
131 
and the Noteholders) and each Class of Noteholders shall have the right to veto any of the following: 
(a) 
any change in the amount of any Financial Principal, Financing Costs or any other amount payable 
to any Senior Creditor or the dates upon which such amounts are payable under the terms of the 
relevant Senior Debt Agreements or the currency of payment due of any Senior Creditor’s Senior 
Debt; 
(b) 
any waiver, amendment or consent which is made under or to any Event of Default (other than a 
Major Default) or Trigger Event, if the effect of any such waiver, amendment or consent is 
manifestly prejudicial to the position of that Senior Creditor or Class of Noteholders; 
(c) 
any waiver, amendment or consent which is made under or to any Major Default or to any 
definition used in the description of any Major Default; 
(d) 
any waiver, amendment or consent which (i) changes the definition of “Majority Senior Creditors”, 
“Special Decision”, “Senior Creditors”, “Senior Debt” or “Senior Debt Agreements” or any 
definition used in the description of any of these definitions, (ii) amends Clauses 5 (Hedging), 6 
(Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), 7 (Enforcement of Security by the Finance Parties), 8 (Sharing 
between Finance Parties), 9 (Undertakings of the Finance Parties) or 11 (Decision Making – General 
Principles) of the Intercreditor Agreement, (iii) changes any of the Entrenched Rights or Retained 
Rights of that Senior Creditor or Class of Noteholders, (iv) changes the priority of application of 
monies under the Cashflow Waterflow, (v) releases or waives any Security Interest created 
pursuant to, or evidenced by, any Combined Finance Document; 
(e) 
any consent for the early termination by the Issuer of, or any material waiver or material 
amendment to the Concession Contract; 
(f) 
any waiver of the Documentary Conditions Precedent or any other conditions precedent set out in 
Clause 3 (Conditions Precedent) of the Common Terms Agreement;  
(g) 
without prejudice to Clause 7 (Enforcement of Security by the Finance Parties) of the Intercreditor 
Agreement, any full or partial release of any security created by or pursuant to the Security 
Agreement;  
(h) 
the designation by the Intercreditor Agent of any rating agency (other than Moody’s Investors 
Service, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited or any 
successor thereof) as a Rating Agency; 
(i) 
any exchange of the relevant Senior Creditor’s Senior Debt for, or the conversion of such Senior 
Debt into, shares, bonds or other obligations of any other person; and 
(j) 
any change to the existing obligations of the Issuer or the Parent to gross up any payment in respect 
of the relevant Senior Creditor’s Senior Debt in the event of the imposition of withholding taxes. 
In addition, the EIB shall have the right to veto any of the following:

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(a) 
any amendment to any other Project Agreement which is material in the context of the Main 
Concession; 
(b) 
any amendment, waiver or consent to or under Clauses 4 (Senior Debt), 5 (Additional Senior Debt), 
6 (Prepayment), 8 (Information Undertakings), 9 (Positive Undertakings), 10 (Negative 
Undertakings), 14 (Acceleration), 15 (Costs and Expenses), 19 (Resignation and Removal of Agents), 
22 (Notices), 23 (Confidentiality), 28 (Applicable law and jurisdiction) and Schedule III (Hedging 
Policy) to the Common Terms Agreement; 
(c) 
any extension to a remedy period or other period expressed in any of the paragraphs in relation to 
an Event of Default;  
(d) 
any amendment, waiver or consent to or under Clauses 3 (Company Accounts), 4 (Instructions), 6 
(Compensations Account), 7 (Debt Service Reserve Account), 9 (Expropriations Account), 12 
(Proceeds Account), 13 (CAPEX Reserve Account), 15 (Authorised Investments), 16 (Operation of the 
Company Accounts), 17 (Undertakings of the Company), 19 (Information on the Company Accounts) 
or 20 (Appointment of Additional Account Banks) of the Accounts Agreement; and 
(e) 
any demand by the Intercreditor Agent that all or part of the amounts owing to the EIB under or in 
accordance with the EIB Facility Agreement be immediately due and payable.  
In addition, each Hedging Counterparty shall have the right to veto any amendment, waiver or consent to 
any of the following: 
(a) 
the order of priority or subordination under the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Finance 
Document or the manner in which the proceeds of enforcement of the Security Agreement are 
distributed; 
(b) 
the release of any Security Interest created or evidenced under the Security Agreement unless 
permitted under the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Finance Document; 
(c) 
Clause 8 (Sharing between Finance Parties) of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(d) 
Clause 12.2 (Proceeds Accounts) of the Accounts Agreement; 
(e) 
the date of payment of any amount, the currency of payment of any amount, the amount payable 
or that would be payable or paid under any Hedging Agreement; 
(f) 
the substitution of the Issuer or the Parent (in either case, a substitution is deemed to occur if the 
majority of the share capital or voting rights cease to be held by the Parent, in respect of the Issuer, 
and by the current direct and indirect shareholder of the Parent, in respect of the Parent) in any 
Hedging Agreement, other than in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement; 
(g) 
a Hedging Counterparty’s ability to net or set-off; 
(h) 
any provision which expressly requires the consent of any Hedging Counterparty;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(i) 
the ability of a Hedging Counterparty to close-out or otherwise terminate, in part or in full, any 
Hedging Arrangement and the method of calculation of such close-out amount; 
(j) 
any right of assignment or transfer that a Hedging Counterparty has; 
(k) 
the definitions of “Common Terms Agreement”, “Hedging Agreement”, “Hedging Counterparty”, 
“Hedging Liabilities”, “Hedging Termination Payments”, “Net Hedging Costs”, “Majority Senior 
Creditors”, “Financing Costs” or any other defined term used in part C of Schedule III of the 
Intercreditor Agreement or in any of all these definitions, and the inclusion of the definition of 
Hedging Agreement in the definition of Finance Documents; and 
(l) 
Clause 2.6 (Construction) of the Common Terms Agreement.  
Retained Rights 
The Intercreditor Agreement also provides that each Senior Creditor (other than the Noteholders) and 
each Class of Noteholders may in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
give any consent under or, make any waiver or amendment to, any provision of the respective 
Senior Debt Agreement in accordance with its terms; 
(b) 
assign or transfer any rights and obligations under and in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement and the respective Senior Debt Agreement; 
(c) 
receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of premia, fees, costs, charges, liabilities, 
damages, proceedings, claims and demands in relation to any Finance Document to which it is a 
party as permitted pursuant to the terms of the Common Terms Agreement; 
(d) 
make determinations of and require the making of payments due and payable to it under the 
provisions of the Finance Documents as permitted by the terms of the Common Terms Agreement; 
(e) 
exercise the rights vested in it or permitted to be exercised by it under and pursuant to the terms 
of the Common Terms Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(f) 
receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information under the 
Finance Documents or otherwise. 
In addition, the EIB may in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
demand, after the occurrence of a Major Default or an event of default under the EIB Facility 
Agreements which is subsisting and in accordance with the terms provided in Clause 14 
(Acceleration) of the Common Terms Agreement and/or Clause 12.3 (Acceleration) of the EIB 
Facility Agreement, that all or part of the amounts owing to it under or in accordance with the EIB 
Facility Agreement be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately 
due and payable; 
(b) 
decide about any waiver, amendment or consent which is made under or to any provision of the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
EIB Facility Agreements (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any provisions and/or definitions 
incorporated in the EIB Facility Agreements by reference to any other Finance Document), in 
particular to any event of default or trigger event thereunder or to any definition used in the 
relevant event of default or trigger event; and 
(c) 
exercise any discretion under the EIB Facility Agreements and/or the EIB Guarantees. 
In addition, the Security Agent may in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
exercise any right, power, authority or discretion expressly granted to it pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement; 
(b) 
make any determination expressly contemplated or required under the Combined Finance 
Documents in relation to its Retained Rights and in relation to its Entrenched Rights; 
(c) 
receive any sums owing to it for its own account in respect of fees, costs, charges, liabilities, 
damages, proceedings, claims and demands in performing its powers and exercising its discretions 
under the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Finance Document to which the Security Agent 
is a party; 
(d) 
exercise any right, power, authority or discretion expressly provided to it under the Finance 
Documents for the purpose of enabling the Security Agent to protect its own position and interests 
in its personal capacity (including its own personal financial interest) or which the Security Agent 
determines to be necessary or appropriate to exercise for the protection of its own position and 
interests in its personal capacity; 
(e) 
(i) receive notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information, (ii) direct that 
such notices, certificates, communications or other documents or information must be provided 
(or must not be provided) to it or any other party, or, where applicable, (iii) determine the form 
and content of any notice, certificate, communication or other document; and 
(f) 
exercise any right, power, authority or discretion expressly provided to it under the Finance 
Documents and which relieves or exempts the Security Agent from liability or exculpates or 
exonerates it (including, without limitation, any right of the Security Agent under any of the Finance 
Documents to make assumptions as to, or rely on any notice, certificate or other communication 
confirming, the existence or non-existence of any act, circumstance or event). 
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Intercreditor Agreement is subject to Portuguese law. The courts of Lisbon will have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction in relation to any dispute including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising 
out or in connection therewith.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Accounts Agreement 
Company Accounts 
The Accounts Agreement sets out the rules applicable to the opening and operation of the Company 
Accounts. The Company Accounts will be opened in the name of the Issuer with the Lead Account Bank 
and shall be on-demand deposit accounts with the features and associated with the rights and obligations 
set out in the Accounts Agreement. 
Each of the Company Accounts: 
(a) 
may be used to carry out credit and debit transactions only in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Accounts Agreement and the Lead Account Bank or any Account Bank, in relation 
to any Expropriations Account and Proceeds Account opened and maintained with it, is not obliged 
to execute any instructions of the Issuer that do not comply with the provisions of the Accounts 
Agreement; 
(b) 
is remunerated on the terms and conditions agreed by the parties to that effect and, in the absence 
of such an agreement, in accordance with the General Conditions; 
(c) 
may not be encumbered or transferred, nor may the rights attached to it be encumbered or 
transferred, in favour of any third party, save on the terms provided for in the Finance Documents; 
(d) 
is associated with the corresponding Account Opening Sheet which may not be amended without 
the prior written consent of the Lead Account Bank or, in the case of any Additional Expropriations 
Account or Proceeds Account opened and maintained with another Account Bank, the relevant 
Account Bank; 
(e) 
shall be opened and kept in euro and all amounts received in a currency other than euro must be 
converted into euro, as soon as practicable after receipt, at the prevailing rate for comparable 
transactions of the Lead Account Bank or, in the case of any Additional Expropriations Account or 
Proceeds Account opened and maintained with another Account Bank, the relevant Account Bank; 
(f) 
is separate and independent from the other Company Accounts, without prejudice to any transfer 
of funds between them in accordance with the provisions of the Accounts Agreement; 
(g) 
shall be cancelled and the corresponding balance transferred to any bank account indicated for 
that purpose by the Issuer, on the Term Date; and 
(h) 
except for the Distributions Account and without prejudice to Clause 9.4 (Expropriations Accounts) 
and Clause 12.4. (Proceeds Accounts) of the Accounts Agreement, must maintain at all times a 
balance in an amount equal or higher than the Minimum Balance. 
The Issuer may not cancel any Company Account opened with the Lead Account Bank, other than any 
Additional Expropriations Account, without the prior written consent of the Intercreditor Agent. 
Compensations Account

--- Page 136 ---
136 
The Compensations Account shall be used by the Issuer to deposit the Compensations it receives and the 
Issuer shall procure that all such Compensations are credited to the Compensations Account. 
The Issuer may only withdraw amounts from the Compensations Account for the following purposes: 
(a) 
to prepay or early redeem Senior Debt to the extent required under Clause 6.1 (Prepayment) of 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(b) 
in the case of the Insurance Proceeds relating to physical damage Insurances, to apply in the 
restoration, reinstatement or replacement of the relevant assets to the extent the same is 
necessary for the implementation of the Main Concession, having regard to the assets concerned; 
(c) 
in the case of Insurance Proceeds relating to third party liability Insurances, to apply in payment of 
indemnities to third parties; and 
(d) 
to make transfers to any Proceeds Accounts, after the payments referred to in paragraphs (a) to 
(c) above have been made. 
Debt Service Reserve Account 
The Debt Service Reserve Account shall be used by the Issuer to deposit the DSRA Required Balance and 
the Issuer shall procure that, at any time, the balance of the Debt Service Reserve Account is equal to or 
greater than the DSRA Required Balance. 
Any calculation of the balance of the Debt Service Reserve Account shall include (i) the monies standing 
to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account, and (ii) any amounts available for drawing under any 
Debt Service L/C delivered by the Issuer to the Intercreditor Agent which are issued by a bank which is a 
Qualifying Bank at the time of the calculation. 
Withdraws from the Debt Service Reserve Account are limited. The Issuer may only withdraw amounts 
from the Debt Service Reserve Account, if at any time: 
(a) 
to the extent that there are insufficient funds standing to the credit of the Proceeds Accounts 
(taken collectively), to pay the Debt Service; and 
(b) 
if and to the extent that the balance standing to the credit of the Debt Service Reserve Account 
exceeds the DSRA Required Balance, to transfer amounts to any Proceeds Account. 
The Intercreditor Agent shall credit the demanded proceeds into the Debt Service Reserve Account. The 
Intercreditor Agent shall demand payments under any Debt Service L/C if and to the extent that there are 
no funds available in the Proceeds Accounts (taken collectively) or the Debt Service Reserve Account (as 
confirmed by the Lead Account Bank) to pay any Debt Service when due or, if the amounts available for 
drawing under any Debt Service L/C are required for the purposes of achieving the DSRA Required Balance 
for the current Calculation Period, and: 
(a) 
at any time within 30 days prior to the expiry of that Debt Service L/C; or at any time

--- Page 137 ---
137 
(b) 
the Debt Service L/C Provider under any such Debt Service L/C ceases to be a Qualifying Bank, 
(each Debt Service L/C affected being an “Expiring Debt Service L/C”), and 
a replacement Debt Service L/C has not been issued by a Qualifying Bank to the Issuer which will become 
effective no later than the expiry of the Expiring Debt Service L/C or 30 days after the Debt Service L/C 
Provider has ceased to be a Qualifying Bank (as the case may be), for a face amount of not less than the 
face amount of the Expiring Debt Service L/C at that time less the aggregate at that time of all amounts 
paid to the Intercreditor Agent under the Expiring Debt Service L/C (such lesser amount the “Relevant 
Amount”), in which case the Intercreditor Agent shall make a call under the Expiring Debt Service L/C in 
an amount equal to the Relevant Amount. 
Distributions Account 
The Distributions Account shall be credited with (i) any amounts available to the Issuer for the purpose of 
making Permitted Distributions and (ii) any amounts paid to the Issuer as interest or capital in respect of 
loans advanced by the Issuer which are Permitted Distributions. 
The Issuer may only transfer amounts to the Distributions Account on any Transfer Date provided that: 
(a) 
any such transfer is made in accordance with the Cashflow Waterfall; and 
(b) 
the conditions set out in Clause 10.2(p) (Negative Undertakings) of the Common Terms Agreement 
and any other conditions to the transfer of amounts to the Distributions Account set out in the 
Finance Documents are satisfied. 
The Issuer may withdraw amounts from the Distributions Account to make Distributions and to make 
transfers to any Proceeds Account. 
Expropriations Accounts 
The Issuer shall procure that all amounts required to make payments of any expropriation costs, in 
relation to expropriations made in accordance with Clause 22 (Expropriations) of the Concession Contract, 
are credited to an Expropriations Account. 
Each Expropriations Account may include an overdraft facility up to the amount of Euro 1,000,000. 
The Issuer may withdraw amounts from any Expropriations Account only for the purposes of meeting the 
alluded expropriations costs if and when they fall due and to make transfers to any Proceeds Accounts. 
Notes Collateral Account 
The Issuer shall procure that the Notes Collateral Account be credited, immediately upon receipt of the 
relevant amounts, with any proceeds from Additional Senior Debt raised upon satisfaction of the tests in 
Clause 5.1(a) (Additional Senior Debt) of the Common Terms Agreement relating to the raising of 
Additional Senior Debt on the basis that the proceeds raised from the relevant Additional Senior Debt 
would be credited to the Notes Collateral Account. The Issuer may also credit the Notes Collateral Account

--- Page 138 ---
138 
with amounts transferred from any Proceeds Account in accordance with the Cashflow Waterfall. 
The Issuer may only withdraw amounts from the Notes Collateral Amount for the purposes of redeeming 
some or all the Notes on any Notes Maturity Date. 
Petty Cash Account 
The Issuer may credit the Petty Cash Account with amounts transferred from any Proceeds Account in 
accordance with the Cashflow Waterfall, provided that, at any moment, the corresponding balance is not 
more than Euro 1,000,000. 
The Issuer may withdraw amounts from the Petty Cash Account only for the following purposes: 
(a) 
to pay Project Costs in the nature of out of pocket and other administrative and managerial 
expenses of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
to make transfers to any Proceeds Account. 
Without prejudice to Clause 11.1 of the Accounts Agreement, the amount transferred to the Petty Cash 
Account in each calendar year may not, under any circumstances, exceed Euro 6,000,000. 
Proceeds Account 
The Issuer shall credit to the Proceeds Account any and all amounts: 
(a) 
received under or in connection with any Project Agreement, the Management Consultancy 
Services Agreement or the Shared Services Agreement or as revenues arising from the activities of 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
of Insurance Proceeds under business interruption Insurances in relation to loss of revenues; 
(c) 
drawn under the Senior Debt Agreements or the Short Term Facilities; 
(d) 
paid to the Issuer under the Hedging Agreements, (other than amounts paid pursuant to any credit 
support annex); 
(e) 
received from the Shareholders; 
(f) 
transferred from other Company Accounts, in accordance with the terms of the Accounts 
Agreement; 
(g) 
of refunds of tax of any kind; and 
(h) 
received from any other source, on any account, where such amounts are not required to be paid 
into a Company Account other than a Proceeds Account, in accordance with the terms of the 
Accounts Agreement. 
The Issuer may only withdraw amounts from the Proceeds Account (taken collectively) for the following 
purposes and in the following order: 
(a) 
first, payment of Project Costs and Tax Permitted Payments, as and when they fall due, and

--- Page 139 ---
139 
transfers to the Expropriations Accounts; 
(b) 
second, payment of all costs and expenses of the Intercreditor Agent, the Security Agent, the EIB, 
the Notes Common Representative, any agent appointed under, or in connection with, any Senior 
Debt Agreement and any Account Bank; 
(c) 
third, payment of all Financing Costs (other than any Return Amounts (as defined in a credit 
support annex) payable under any credit support annex) and any fees in respect of the Permitted 
Guarantees granted by Initial Senior Guarantors or Additional Senior Guarantors; 
(d) 
fourth, payment of all Financing Principal and any Hedging Termination Payments and 
reimbursement of amounts paid by Initial Senior Guarantors or Additional Senior Guarantors under 
the Permitted Guarantees; 
(e) 
fifth, payment of any mandatory prepayments of the Senior Debt made in accordance with the 
Finance Documents; 
(f) 
sixth, funding of the CAPEX Reserve Account; 
(g) 
seventh, payment to the Debt Service Reserve Account up to the amounts required to ensure that 
the balance of the Debt Service Reserve Account when aggregated with the available but undrawn 
Debt Service L/Cs, is equal to the Debt Service Required Balance; 
(h) 
eighth, payment of any other sums due but unpaid under the Finance Documents (other than the 
Debt Service L/Cs); 
(i) 
ninth, payment of any amounts due to the Debt Service L/C Providers under the Debt Service L/Cs; 
(j) 
tenth, payment of any voluntary prepayments of the Senior Debt made in accordance with the 
Finance Documents; 
(k) 
eleventh, transfers to the Petty Cash Account; 
(l) 
twelfth, transfers to the Notes Collateral Account; and 
(m) 
thirteenth, subject to the restrictions in the Finance Documents, transfer of any remaining amounts 
to the Distributions Account. 
Each Proceeds Account may be overdrawn by a total amount not exceeding Euro 5,000,000 per Proceeds 
Accounts, provided that any such overdrawing of a Proceeds Account is exclusively due to operational 
reasons and that, in any event, no Proceeds Account remains overdrawn for more than 5 consecutive 
Business Days. 
CAPEX Reserve Account 
The Issuer shall procure that the CAPEX Reserve Account be credited, up to 10 Business Days after each 
Calculation Date, in order to satisfy the CAPEX Required Balance. 
In the six-month period following any Calculation Date, the Issuer may only withdraw monies from the

--- Page 140 ---
140 
CAPEX Reserve Account for the purposes of making: 
(a) 
payments of CAPEX which fall due during that six-month period; and 
(b) 
transfers to any Proceeds Account at the end of that six-month period of any amounts in excess of 
the amounts required to make payments of CAPEX during that 6 month period. 
Authorised investments 
The Issuer may invest or instruct any Account Bank to invest such part of the amounts standing to the 
credit of any Company Account, as it considers prudent, from time to time in Authorised Investments, it 
being agreed that: 
(a) 
no Authorised Investments may be made if an Event of Default or event of default under the EIB 
Facility Agreement is outstanding or would result from the making of the Authorised Investments; 
(b) 
the Authorised Investments made with amounts standing to the credit of any Company Account 
shall be made with an Account Bank or any other Qualifying Bank; 
(c) 
any Authorised Investment made with an Account Bank shall be pledged in favour and for the 
benefit of the Security Agent and shall be made out of a Company Account pledged in favour of 
the Security Agent; 
(d) 
any Authorised Investment made with a Qualifying Bank other than an Account Bank shall be made 
only subject to the following conditions: 
(i) 
such Authorised Investment is pledged in favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent 
and is made out of an Authorised Account pledged in favour and for the benefit of the 
Security Agent or in relation to which other Security Interest acceptable to the Security 
Agent is granted to the Security Agent; 
(ii) 
the Authorised Investment is held to the order of the Issuer and: 
(A) 
any payment in respect of the Authorised Investment will be remitted (in full and 
without any deduction, withholding or retention of any kind, except to the extent 
required by law) to the Company Account from which it was made or from which 
monies were transferred to any Authorised Account for that purpose; and 
(B) 
the Issuer will not exercise, and will hold the Authorised Investment free of, any 
Security Interest (other than those referred to in paragraph (i) above), right of set-
off, counterclaim or other interest which it may have; 
(e) 
the Issuer may transfer amounts from any Company Account to an Authorised Account opened 
with a Qualifying Bank for the purposes of making Authorised Investments; 
(f) 
Authorised Investments shall be accounted for in the Company Account from which they were 
made or from which monies were transferred to any Authorised Account for that purpose, in

--- Page 141 ---
141 
accordance with the rules applicable to the relevant investment and the terms of the General 
Conditions and customary banking practice and any reference in the Finance Documents to the 
balance standing to the credit of one of the Company Accounts will be deemed to include the 
Authorised Investments in which all or part of such balance is for the time being invested; 
(g) 
the Issuer shall:  
(i)  
immediately and in writing notify the Intercreditor Agent, the Lead Account Bank and the 
bank or financial institution holding the Authorised Account (the “Authorised Account 
Bank”) if the Authorised Account Bank and/or any bank or financial institution from whom 
an Authorised Investment has been purchased or subscribed for pursuant to Clause 15 
(Authorised Investments) of the Accounts Agreement ceases to be Qualifying Bank; and 
(ii)  
within such notice served pursuant to the preceding paragraph, request the relevant 
Authorised Account Bank to immediately (A) dispose, realise or otherwise liquidate any 
investment that has been entered into with such Authorised Account Bank or such bank or 
financial institution in the Issuer’s name pursuant to Clause 15 (Authorised Investments) of 
the Accounts Agreement and (B) transfer the funds realised by the Authorised Account 
Bank, together with any additional funds standing to the balance of the Authorised Account, 
to the Company Account from which monies were paid out for the purposes of making the 
relevant Authorised Investments; 
(h) 
the Authorised Investments will be made on behalf of the Issuer by an Account Bank or any other 
Qualifying Bank (as the case may be) on terms no less favourable that the terms on which such 
investments are made for customers of the relevant Account Bank or Qualifying Bank (as 
applicable) of similar standing to the Issuer;  
(i) 
the Authorised Investments shall be denominated in euro; and 
(j) 
income arising from or in respect of any Authorised Investment shall be credited to the Company 
Account or Authorised Account from which the relevant Authorised Investment was made. 
Applicable law and jurisdiction 
The Accounts Agreement is subject to Portuguese law. The courts of Lisbon will have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction in relation to any dispute including a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising 
out or in connection therewith. 
Grantor Direct Agreement 
Step-in  
Under the terms of the Grantor Direct Agreement, the Grantor authorises, at any time after the 
occurrence of an event which, under the Finance Documents, entitles the Senior Creditors to accelerate 
any Senior Debt (and such event is continuing) or to enforce the security interests created under the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Finance Documents, that all shares representing the share capital of the Issuer and the respective voting 
rights are transferred to a third entity (the “Transferee”), provided that: 
(a) 
the Transferee has, to the Grantor’s satisfaction, sufficient technical and financial resources 
available to it in order to carry out its obligations as a shareholder of the Issuer and to ensure that 
the Issuer carries out its obligations to the Grantor under the Concession Contract; and 
(b) 
the Transferee is a company incorporated in Portugal in accordance with Portuguese law, with 
head office in Portugal for as long as it remains a direct shareholder of the Issuer and whose shares 
are exclusively nominative. 
Any transfer in accordance in the terms described above will not constitute a breach of or a termination 
event under the Concession Contract. 
The Grantor further undertakes to use its best endeavours to ensure that, in case of a transfer occurring 
in the terms described above, all authorisations or licences given to the Issuer will not expire or be 
materially modified as a result of the same. 
The Transferee will be obliged to remedy or cause the Issuer to remedy any breach which is outstanding 
under the Concession Contract at the date of the transfer taking place in accordance the terms described 
above (the “Transfer Date”), within a reasonable period of time to be determined by the Grantor 
according to the relevant circumstances, namely it shall pay or cause to be paid any amounts or 
contractual penalties or fines due to the Grantor. 
For the purposes of allowing the Senior Creditors to exercise their rights in the terms described above and 
the pledge over the shares of the Issuer, the Grantor shall not terminate or step-in (“sequestro”) the 
Concession Contract without giving the Security Agent at least 30 days prior written notice, in the case of 
step-in, or 90 days prior written notice, in the case of termination, stating the grounds for step-in or 
termination and the proposed step-in or termination date. 
Step-out Rights 
The Grantor will allow the Transferee, at any time after a transfer of shares and voting rights under the 
terms described above, to transfer back all the shares and voting rights in the Issuer to the original 
shareholders of the Issuer, and any such transfer will not constitute a breach of or a termination event 
under the Concession Contract. Notwithstanding any transfer occurring in accordance with this paragraph, 
the Transferee shall be fully liable for any breach of the Concession Contract which may occur during the 
period in which it was a shareholder of the Issuer (including any failure to remedy any breach which was 
outstanding on the Transfer Date). 
Redemption (“resgate”) of the Main Concession 
Notwithstanding the above, the provisions of the Grantor Direct Agreement shall not limit or restrict, in 
any manner whatsoever, the right of the Grantor to redeem (“resgatar”) the Main Concession in 
accordance with Article 42 (Redemption of the Concession) of the Concession Contract.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Applicable law 
The Grantor Direct Agreement is subject to Portuguese law. 
Other Agreements 
Besides the aforementioned Combined Finance Documents, other documents will be executed for the 
purpose of the Transaction. The following is a summary of certain features of such other documents and 
is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions thereof: 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
Under the terms of the Tax Deed of Covenant entered into between the Issuer, the EIB, the Intercreditor 
Agent on behalf of the Finance Parties and the relevant Brisa Group companies which are under the 
Portuguese tax consolidation regime, the relevant Brisa Group companies undertook certain covenants 
to the Issuer, the Parent and the Intercreditor Agent, namely that they should not trigger any Tax liability 
under the Portuguese tax consolidation regime in respect of the ring-fenced group composed of the Issuer 
and its Shareholder (the “Ring-fenced Group”) and should not surrender any losses of the Ring-fenced 
Group to other companies within the Brisa Group outside the Ring-fenced Group that were not under the 
Portuguese tax consolidation regime or make any claims of group relief which effectively removes an asset 
from the Ring-fenced Group.  
The Ring-fenced Group also granted representations and undertakes covenants to the Intercreditor Agent 
in respect of certain actions regarding the liability of the Ring-fenced Group and Tax Permitted Payments. 
However, the Ringed-fenced Group are no longer part of the Brisa tax consolidation group due to the sale, 
in June 2015, of four stakes in aggregate representing 30 per cent. Of the Parent’s share capital and voting 
rights. Consequently, the Tax Deed of Covenant has lost the rationale underlying its execution and 
although not expressly revoked the conditions for its applicability to the Ring-fenced Group ceased to 
apply as from 31 December 2014, i.e. the date on which Ringed-fenced Group ceased being part of the 
Brisa tax consolidation group.  
The Tax Deed of Covenant is subject to Portuguese law. 
EIB Facility Agreement 
Under the EIB Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement (“EIB Facility Agreement”), Brisa 
assigns to the Issuer its contractual position of borrower (mutuário), including all its rights and obligations 
under certain finance contracts entered into between Brisa and the EIB (and as specified in the EIB Facility 
Agreement, the “Finance Contracts”) and the Issuer accepts the assignment of such contractual position 
as borrower under the Finance Contracts with effect as from the effective date specified in the EIB Facility 
Agreement. As a result thereof, Brisa is released and discharged from its obligations under such Finance 
Contracts.  
In connection with such assignment from Brisa to the Issuer, Brisa and the EIB agree to certain

--- Page 144 ---
144 
amendments to the Finance Contracts and all loans (and all tranches thereof) extended by the EIB under 
the Finance Contracts are consolidated into a single loan, which will be subject to a single revised interest 
rate regime and repayment schedule and shall be governed by the amended and restated Finance 
Contracts, as set out in the EIB Facility Agreement. 
The EIB Facility Agreement is subject to Portuguese law. 
Hedging Agreements and Hedging Policy 
The Hedging Policy is disclosed in Schedule III (Hedging Policy) of the Common Terms Agreement and is 
subject to certain general principles, as follows: 
(a) 
The only member of the Brisa Group that may enter into Hedging Agreements is the Issuer; 
(b) 
The purpose of the hedging policy is to limit the Issuer’s exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, 
currencies and inflation; 
(c) 
The Issuer will not enter into Treasury Transactions for the purpose of speculation, but rather only 
to manage risk inherent in its business or funding on a prudent basis; 
(d) 
The Hedging Policy will be reviewed from time to time as appropriate in line with market 
developments, regulatory developments, Concession Contract developments and Good Industry 
Practice. Any such review will require a change to Schedule III (Hedging Policy) of the Common 
Terms Agreement; 
(e) 
Any amendments to the Hedging Policy will be subject to the approval of the board of directors of 
the Issuer, which may only be given if a majority of the independent directors vote in favour. Any 
amendments to the Hedging Policy will also be subject to the approval of the Intercreditor Agent 
and to the Entrenched Rights and Retained Rights and in compliance with the provisions of the 
Intercreditor Agreement; 
(f) 
It is agreed that the Issuer may enter into Treasury Transactions with Hedging Counterparties 
pursuant to which each relevant Hedging Counterparty has the right to terminate the relevant 
Treasury Transaction subject to the following restrictions, any restrictions set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement and others that may apply in the terms of the Hedging Policy: 
(i) 
the aggregate notional amount and/or euro currency amounts (as applicable) of Treasury 
Transactions pursuant to which Hedging Counterparties have such right of termination (any 
such Treasury Transactions “Breakable Transactions”) does not exceed 10 per cent. of the 
total outstanding Senior Debt at the relevant time;  
(ii) 
in any three year period, the aggregate notional amount and/or euro currency amounts (as 
applicable) of Breakable Transactions where the right to terminate occurs during such three 
year period does not exceed one third of the total notional amounts and euro currency 
amounts of all Breakable Transactions; and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(iii) 
no Breakable Transactions may have termination provisions permitting the Hedging 
Agreements to be terminated prior to their 10th anniversary of the relevant execution date. 
In what concerns currency risk, the Hedging Policy is subject to the following principles: 
(a) 
The Brisa Group must not bear currency risk in respect of any foreign currency denominated debt 
instruments, or in respect of any significant foreign currency purchases; 
(b) 
Currency hedges for debt instruments will convert into euro liabilities the interest payable to 
expected maturity and the repayment of principal in respect of such debt instruments. 
Regarding interest rate risk, the Hedging Policy is subject to the following principles: 
(a) 
The Issuer shall ensure that at least 50 per cent. of the projected interests costs on the Senior Debt 
are fixed on real or nominal terms for at least the next 5 years on a rolling basis; 
(b) 
Interest rate risk on floating rate liabilities will be hedged through instruments such as interest rate 
swaps in order to comply with paragraph (a) of the currency risk principles. 
Further, the Hedging Policy contains provisions in respect of the Hedging Counterparties, which set forth 
that the Issuer may only enter into Treasury Transactions with Qualifying Banks or where a parent 
guarantee is provided by an institution which meets the same criteria. 
Finally, the Hedging Policy establishes that all Hedging Agreements must be entered into (whether by way 
of novation or otherwise) in the form, as amended by the parties thereto, of the 1992 or 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) or any successor thereto published by ISDA (an “ISDA Master 
Agreement”) unless otherwise agreed by the Intercreditor Agent. 
Matured and Discharged Obligations 
The Rose Notes and the Rose Notes Documentation 
The Rose Notes were issued by Tagus – Sociedade de Titularização de Créditos, S.A. in December 2007 in 
the context of a securitisation transaction carried out under the Portuguese securitisation legal 
framework. As mentioned above, the Rose Notes were partially outstanding by the time the Combined 
Finance Documents were executed and therefore some definitions and provisions contained in those 
documents, notably in the Common Terms Agreement, include references to the Rose Notes and related 
terms. As the Rose Notes have matured and been entirely repaid on 17 December 2012, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the overview of the Rose Notes Documentation has been removed from this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes will be represented in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural), registered in the 
Portuguese Central Securities Clearing System – the Central de Valores Mobiliários or CVM – and are 
nominative (nominativas), as Interbolsa can, at the request of the Issuer, ask the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa for information regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the 
Issuer. The Notes will be held through the accounts of Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, the manager of 
the CVM. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination provided that, in the case of any Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Union or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Clearing and Settlement 
Interbolsa manages the operation of CVM, the central securities clearing system in Portugal known as 
sistema centralizado in which all securities in book-entry form admitted to trading on a regulated market 
to be centrally cleared and settled in Portugal must be registered with (the “Book-Entry Registry”). CVM 
is composed of interconnected securities accounts, through which securities (and inherent rights) are 
created, held and transferred. This allows Interbolsa to control the amount of securities created, held and 
transferred at each time. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries which are Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa and the Bank of Portugal, all participate in the CVM. 
The CVM provides for all the procedures which allow the owners of securities to exercise their rights. In 
relation to each issue of securities, CVM comprises inter alia, (i) the issue account, opened by the issuer 
in the CVM and which reflects the full amount of securities issued; (ii) the individual accounts, opened 
with the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa by their respective customers, and (ii) the control accounts 
opened by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa, and which reflect, at all times, the aggregate principal 
amount of securities held in the individual securities accounts opened by holders of securities with each 
of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the records of an 
Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as 
having an interest in Notes shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded. 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means a financial institution licensed to act as a financial intermediary 
for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code and which is entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, Affiliate Members of Interbolsa include 
any depository banks appointed by: (i) Euroclear and Clearstream, for the purposes of holding accounts 
on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream with Interbolsa; or (ii) other financial intermediaries that do not 
hold control accounts directly with Interbolsa.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
One or more certificates in relation to the Notes (each a “Certificate”) will be delivered by the relevant 
Affiliate Member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon the request by the 
relevant Noteholder and in accordance with the procedures of such Affiliate Member of Interbolsa and 
pursuant to Article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code.  
Any Noteholder will, except as otherwise required by law, be treated as the absolute owner of the relevant 
Notes for all purposes regardless of the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of such Notes and 
no person will be liable for so treating any relevant Noteholder. 
Notes registered with Interbolsa will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
code through Interbolsa’s codification system and will be accepted for registration and clearing through 
the clearing system operated by Interbolsa as well as through the clearing systems operated by Euroclear 
and Clearstream and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. 
Payments 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be subject to Portuguese laws and 
regulations, notably the Portuguese Companies Code, the Portuguese Securities Code and regulations 
from time to time issued and applied by the CMVM and by Interbolsa. 
The Issuer must give Interbolsa advance notice of all payments and provide all necessary information for 
that purpose, notably the identity of the financial intermediary registered with Interbolsa appointed by 
the Issuer to act as the paying agent in respect of the Notes (the “Portuguese Paying Agent”) and perform 
the relevant payments. 
Prior to any payment the Portuguese Paying Agent shall provide Interbolsa with a statement of acceptance 
of its role of Portuguese Paying Agent. Interbolsa must notify the Portuguese Paying Agent of the amounts 
to be settled, which will be determined by Interbolsa on the basis of the account balances of the accounts 
of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. 
On the date on which any payment in respect of the Notes is to be made, the corresponding entries and 
counter-entries will be made by Interbolsa in the relevant current accounts held by the Portuguese Paying 
Agent and by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. 
Accordingly, payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes (i) in euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the Portuguese Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the 
Issuer) from the payment current account which the Portuguese Paying Agent has indicated to, and has 
been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Portuguese Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect 
of securities held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Notes and thereafter (b) 
credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current accounts to 
the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or (ii) in currencies other than 
euros will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations 
applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese Paying Agent in the foreign currency 
settlement system (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, 
S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) 
transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. 
References to Clearstream and/or Euroclear shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include 
a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note will be incorporated by reference into each such Note 
and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below, and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme with a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 
2016, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). [The Issuer has prepared a] / [Consequently, no] key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 
26 November 2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”), for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA [has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2017/565, as amended (the “Regulation 2017/565”) as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) / 
the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014, as amended (the “Regulation 600/2014”), as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) / Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as

--- Page 150 ---
150 
amended, the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). [The Issuer has prepared a] / [Consequently, no] key 
information document required by the [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, of 26 November 2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) / PRIIPs Regulation] as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”), for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK [has been 
prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as 
amended (“MiFID II”) / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) / distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565, as amended (the “Regulation 2017/565”), as it forms part of the UK domestic 
law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) / EUWA], eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) / 
distributor] should take into consideration manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, as applicable.]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]1 
 
Final Terms dated [date] 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
Euro 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, 
as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. A 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and any 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is][are] available for inspection on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). The Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/corporate-debt/emtn-and-debt-issues/emtn-euro-medium-
term-note-programme. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [2 March 2012 / 4 July 2014 / 16 November 
 
1 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
2016 / 16 July 2021] and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) and in order to obtain all relevant information must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[date]] which constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023 [as so supplemented] and the Conditions 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated [2 March 2012 / 4 July 2014 / 16 November 2016 / 16 July 2021]. 
A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. Copies of such Base Prospectuses 
[and any supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] are available for inspection on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
[(i)]  Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)  Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
indicate the relevant Series and the 
date on which the Notes become 
fungible)] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
(N.B. Book-Entry Notes may only be 
denominated in Euro, Japanese yen 
and Swiss francs or in such other 
currency as can be settled through 
Interbolsa) 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i)  
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT 
admitted to trading on a European 
Economic Area; and (ii) only offered 
in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus 
is not required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the 
Euro 
1,000 
minimum 
denomination is not required) 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000 (or 
equivalent) in order to benefit from 
the wholesale exemption set out in 
Article 1.4(c) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State.)  
(N.B. Notes of a certain Tranche 
will only be tradable in one 
Specified Denomination.) 
6. 
(i)  
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement 
Date will not be relevant for certain 
Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes) 
7. 
Notes Maturity Date: 
[●] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate]
[EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(If the rate is not fixed, indicate where 
the past and future performance of 
the underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained by electronic means and 
whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge) 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par on the Notes 
Maturity Date, subject to any 
purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption [, plus the Redemption 
Premium Amount] 
10. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
11. 
Make-Whole Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
12. 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of Notes obtained]: [●] (N.B. Only relevant where Board 
(or similar) authorisation is required 
for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
13.  Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange / other] 
14.  Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.  Fixed Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)   
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including 
the Notes Maturity Date, except if 
the Interest Payment Date is not a 
Business Day, in which case the 
relevant Interest Payment Date will 
be the following Business Day 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv)  
Broken Amount: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination 
payable on the Interest Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on] 
[●]/Not 
Applicable] 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(NB: If interest is not payable on a 
regular 
basis, 
Actual/ 
Actual 
(ICMA) may not be a suitable Day 
Count Fraction). 
(vi)  
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year / Not Applicable] 
(Insert day(s) and month(s) on 
which interest is normally paid 
ignoring Issue Date or Notes 
Maturity Date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon) 
(NB: This will need to be amended 
in the case of regular interest 
payment dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
(NB: Only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
16.  Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)  Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
(ii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Following Business Day Convention 
/ Modified Following (Adjusted) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / 
Eurodollar Convention] 
(iii)  Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(iv)  Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination] 
(v)  Party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
(vi)  Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[The second day on which T2 is 
open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period (EURIBOR)] 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not 
Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite 
rate or amend the fall-back 
provisions appropriately)

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
(if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply)/EUR-
EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply)/EUR-EuroSTR/EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded 
Index/GBP-
SONIA/GBP-SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/USD-SOFR/USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is 
not relevant where the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free 
rate) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback  
- 
Lookback: [●] Applicable 
Business Days]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
[Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift 
- 
Observation Period Shift: 
[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
- 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
- 
Lockout: 
[●] 
Lockout 
Period Business Days 
- 
Lockout Period Business 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not 
Applicable] 
(x) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17.  Zero Coupon Notes Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)  
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
 
[●]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(iv)  Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[Actual/Actual – (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18.  Sustainability-Linked Notes  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Step Up Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Key Performance Indicator Event(s): 
[Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Event] / [Health and 
Safety at Work Event] / [Gender 
Equality Event] 
(a) [Step Up Margin(s): 
(Applicable to non-syndicated issuances 
only. Include this row only in case of a 
KPI-Agnostic Structure.  
If not applicable, delete this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] on the occurrence of one 
Key Performance Indicator Event; 
or 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] on the occurrence of two 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Events; or

--- Page 160 ---
160 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] on the occurrence of 
three Key Performance Indicator 
Events] 
[specify further Step Up Margins 
and relevant Target Observation 
Year below if more than one 
Target 
Observation 
Year 
is 
included and the Step Up Margin 
is not the same] 
 
o 
Target Observation Year[(s)]: 
[●] [and [●]] 
(b) [Step Up Margin(s): 
(Applicable to both syndicated and non-
syndicated issuances. Include this row 
only in case of a KPI-Specific Structure. 
If not applicable, delete this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in respect 
of [Target Observation Year] / 
[each of the Target Observation 
Years as specified below]] [on the 
occurrence of [an Absolute (Scope 
1 and 2) GHG Emissions Event] / [a 
Health and Safety at Work Event] / 
[a Gender Equality Event]]  
[[●] per cent. per annum in respect 
of [Target Observation Year] / 
[each of the Target Observation 
Years as specified below]] [on the 
occurrence of [an Absolute (Scope 
1 and 2) GHG Emissions Event] / [a 
Health and Safety at Work Event] / 
[a Gender Equality Event]]  
[specify 
relevant 
Target 
Observation Year if more than one 
Target Observation Year is included

--- Page 161 ---
161 
and include further Step Up 
Margins above] 
o 
Target Observation Year[(s)]: 
[●] [and [●]] 
(N.B. only one Target Observation 
Year to be specified in respect of 
syndicated issuances) 
• 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions 
Reduction Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation 
Year]] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year if 
more than one Target Observation 
Year is included and include further 
thresholds below] 
[[●] per cent. in respect of [Target 
Observation Year]] 
• 
Health and Safety at Work Target: 
[●] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation 
Year]] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year if 
more than one Target Observation 
Year is included and include further 
targets below] 
[[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation Year]] 
• 
Gender Equality Target: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation Year] [specify relevant 
Target Observation Year if more 
than one Target Observation Year 
is included and include further 
targets below] 
[[●] per cent. in respect of [Target 
Observation Year]] 
• 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Event/Condition 
Notification 
Deadline(s): 
the day falling [●] days after the 
last day of the relevant Target 
Observation Year(s)

--- Page 162 ---
162 
(ii) Step Down Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Key Performance Indicator Condition(s): 
[Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Condition] / [Health and 
Safety at Work Condition] / 
[Gender Equality Condition] 
(a) 
[Step Down Margin(s): 
(Applicable to non-syndicated issuances 
only. Include this row only in case of a 
KPI-Agnostic Structure.  
If not applicable, delete this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] upon satisfaction of one 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Condition; or  
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] upon satisfaction of two 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Conditions; or 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] upon satisfaction of three 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Conditions]  
[specify 
further 
Step 
Down 
Margins and relevant Target 
Observation Year below if more 
than one Target Observation Year 
is included and the Step Down 
Margins are not the same]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
o 
Target Observation Year[(s)]: 
[●] [and [●]] 
(b) 
[Step Down Margin(s):  
(Applicable to both syndicated and non-
syndicated issuances. Include this row 
only in case of a KPI-Specific Structure. 
If not applicable, delete this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in respect 
of [Target Observation Year] / 
[each of the Target Observation 
Years as specified below]] [on the 
occurrence of [an Absolute (Scope 
1 and 2) GHG Emissions Condition] 
/ [a Health and Safety at Work 
Condition] / [a Gender Equality 
Condition] 
[[●] per cent. per annum in respect 
of [Target Observation Year] / 
[each of the Target Observation 
Years as specified below]] [on the 
occurrence of [an Absolute (Scope 
1 and 2) GHG Emissions Condition] 
/ [a Health and Safety at Work 
Condition] / [a Gender Equality 
Condition]] 
[specify 
relevant 
Target 
Observation Year if more than one 
Target Observation Year is included 
and include further Step Down 
Margins above] 
o 
Target Observation Year(s): 
[●] [and [[●]] 
(N.B. only one Target Observation 
Year to be specified in respect of 
syndicated issuances) 
• 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions 
Reduction Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation Year] [specify relevant 
Target Observation Year if more 
than one Target Observation Year

--- Page 164 ---
164 
is included and include further 
thresholds below] 
[[●] per cent. in respect of [Target 
Observation Year]] 
• 
Health and Safety at Work Target: 
[●] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation 
Year]] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year if 
more than one Target Observation 
Year is included and include further 
targets below] 
[[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation Year]]] 
• 
Gender Equality Target: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation Year] [specify relevant 
Target Observation Year if more 
than one Target Observation Year 
is included and include further 
targets below] 
[[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation Year]] 
• 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Event/Condition 
Notification 
Deadline(s): 
the day falling [●] days after the 
last day of the relevant Target 
Observation Year(s)  
(iii) Redemption Premium Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining 
sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Key Performance Indicator Event(s): 
[Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Event] / [Health and 
Safety at Work Event] / [Gender 
Equality Event] 
(a) 
[Redemption Premium Amount: 
(Applicable to non-syndicated issuances 
Either:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
only – include this row only in case of a 
KPI-Agnostic Structure.  
If not applicable, delete this row) 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination on 
the 
occurrence 
of 
one 
Key 
Performance Indicator Event; or 
[●] per Specified Denomination on 
the 
occurrence 
of 
two 
Key 
Performance Indicator Events; or 
[●] per Specified Denomination on 
the occurrence of three Key 
Performance Indicator Events]] 
o 
Target Observation Year: 
[●] 
(b) 
[Redemption Premium Amount:  
(Applicable to syndicated and non-
syndicated issuances - include this row 
only in case of a KPI-Specific Structure. 
If not applicable, delete this row) 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination [on 
the occurrence of [an Absolute 
(Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions 
Event] / [a Health and Safety at 
Work Event] / [a Gender Equality 
Event]] 
[[●] per Specified Denomination 
[●]] 
 
o 
Target Observation Year: 
[●] 
• 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions 
Reduction Threshold: 
[●] per cent 
• 
Health and Safety at Work Target: 
[●]  
• 
Gender Equality Target: 
[●] per cent.  
• 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Event/Condition Notification Deadline: 
the day falling [●] days after the 
last day of the relevant Target 
Observation Year[(s)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19.  Issuer Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  If redeemable in part: 
 
 
  
(a)  Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
  
(b)  Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv)  Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods 
which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing systems and custodians, 
as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or the Notes 
Common Representative) 
20.  Make–Whole Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) Make-Whole Redemption Calculation Date 
[●] 
(ii) Make-Whole Spread 
[●] 
(iii) Reference Security 
[●] 
(iv) Quotation Time 
[●]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
(v) Redemption Premium Amount 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable - to 
specify the relevant methodology 
for calculating the redemption 
premium amount to be paid] 
(vi) Remaining Term Interest 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – to 
specify the relevant methodology 
for calculating any remaining term 
interest to be paid] 
21.  Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
22.  Early Redemption Amount of each Note payable on 
redemption for tax reasons or on event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase)): 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23.  Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised 
book-entry 
(escriturais) 
and 
nominative 
(nominativas) Notes 
24.  Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates 
to the place of payment and not 
Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 15 and 16 relate) 
25.  Redenomination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, 
specify the applicable Day Count 
Fraction)] 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 168 ---
168 
26. 
(i)  
If syndicated, names and addresses of Managers 
and underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of 
entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
 
(ii)  
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
27.  If non-syndicated, name and address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
28. 
Total commission and concession: 
[●] 
29.  TEFRA C/D: 
TEFRA Rules not applicable 
30. Public Offer where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 27 and also paragraph 8 
of Part B below). 
(g) Public Offer Jurisdictions: 
(ii) Offer Period: 
[Luxembourg] [and] [Portugal] 
[Specify date] until [specify date or 
a formula such as “the Issue Date” 
or “the date which falls [ ] Business 
Days thereafter”] 
(ii) Financial intermediaries granted specific consent to 
use the prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of 
financial intermediaries receiving 
consent (specific consent)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
31.  Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable / Not 
Applicable from [specify date] until

--- Page 169 ---
169 
[specify date] [[the date which falls 
[ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date], otherwise, Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or 
the 
Notes 
do 
constitute 
“packaged” products and a key 
information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If (i) the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products 
and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer 
does not intend to prepare and 
publish a PRIIPs KID in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified. 
Use the “Not Applicable from [ ] 
until [ ]” option where a KID is only 
to be available for a certain period 
(e.g. the primary Offer Period)) 
32. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable / Not 
Applicable from [specify date] until 
[specify date] [[the date which falls 
[ ] Business Days after] the Issue 
Date], otherwise, Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or 
the 
Notes 
do 
constitute 
“packaged” products and a key 
information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If (i) the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products 
and (ii) the PRIIP manufacturer 
does not intend to prepare and 
publish a PRIIPs KID in the UK, 
“Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Use the “Not Applicable from [ ] 
until [ ]” option where a KID is only 
to be available for a certain period 
(e.g. the primary Offer Period)) 
 
PURPOSE OF THE FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on [the Bourse 
de Luxembourg’s regulated market / specify other market or official list]] of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. (as from [insert Issue Date for the Notes]). 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A.: 
 
By: ................................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 171 ---
171 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ 
other] and / admitted to trading on the 
[Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange / other] with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ 
other] and admitted to trading on [Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ 
other] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
2.  
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes have not been specifically rated] 
The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected 
to be] rated by credit rating agencies [established 
in the European Union and registered / which is 
certified] under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009, as amended, and stated in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered with the 
European Securities and Market Association and 
published on https://www.esma.europa.eu: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[●]: [●]]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
[Insert relevant explanation of the meaning of the 
rating(s) attributed to the Notes, if previously 
published by the rating provider] 
(h) INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
[other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i)  Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] (If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.)] 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield:  
[Based upon the Issue Price of [●], at the Issue 
Date the anticipated yield of the Notes is [●] per 
cent. per annum. / Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from Reuters.] 
7.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i)  
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(iii)  
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv)  
FISN Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v)  
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
Interbolsa - Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the 
Central de Valores Mobiliários, and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(vi)  
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii)  
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(viii)  Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
registered with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora 
de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its 
capacity as a securities settlement system, and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or

--- Page 174 ---
174 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [Include this text if “Yes” is 
selected] 
8. [TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(ii) 
Offer Price: 
[Not Applicable/Issue Price] [specify] 
(iii) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(v) 
Description of the option to reduce 
subscriptions and the process for 
refunding excess amounts paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(vi) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount that can be 
applied for: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(vii) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(viii) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(ix) 
Procedure for exercising any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(x) 
Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered and 
whether Tranche(s) have been 
[Qualified investors/non-qualified investors/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
reserved for certain countries: 
(xi) 
Process for notifying to applicants 
of the amount they have been 
allotted and indicating whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(xiii) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None Applicable/[●]] 
9. EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, of 8 June 2016, as 
amended), Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to the [insert name of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of administrator[s] – if more than one specify 
in relation to the relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of the Base Prospectus, [insert name of 
the administrator[s]] does appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Articles 36 and 29(2) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation.]  
[As at the date of the Base Prospectus, [insert name of 
the Administrator[s]] does [not] appear on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by [ESMA/the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)] pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] OR 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [insert 
names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
An issue-specific summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. [To be prepared and attached 
pursuant to Article 8(9) of the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes (i) issued under 
the Programme with a denomination of at least Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and/or 
(ii) to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 
2016, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014, as 
amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”), for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2017/565, as amended (the “Regulation 2017/565”) as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) / 
the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014, as amended (the “Regulation 600/2014”), as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Regulation”) / Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as 
amended (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the 
[Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 November 2014, as 
amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) / PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA, as amended (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”), for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK [has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended (“MiFID II”) / MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) / distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment)and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject 
to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an 
EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered 
or sold to non-qualified investors.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) / distributor] should take into consideration manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR Product

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Governance Rules, as applicable.] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]2 
Final Terms dated [date] 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
Euro 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, 
as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus [and any supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is][are] available for inspection on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). The Final Terms are available for 
viewing on the website of the Issuer at https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/corporate-debt/emtn-and-
debt-issues/emtn-euro-medium-term-note-programme. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [2 March 2012 / 4 July 2014 / 16 November 
 
2 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
2016 / 16 July 2021] and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) and in order to obtain all relevant information must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[date]] which constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023 [as so supplemented] and the Conditions 
contained in the Base Prospectus dated [2 March 2012 / 4 July 2014 / 16 November 2016 / 16 July 2021]. 
Copies of such Base Prospectuses [and any supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] are 
available for inspection on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
[(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, indicate the 
relevant Series and the date on which the Notes 
become fungible)] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●]  
(N.B. 
Book-Entry 
Notes 
may 
only 
be 
denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Sterling, 
Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars 
and Canadian dollars, or in such other currency 
as can be settled through Interbolsa) 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading on a European Economic Area; and (ii) 
only offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is not 
required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum denomination for 
professional investors (Euro 100,000 or other 
amount that, from time to time, corresponds to 
the minimum denomination for professional 
investors) is not required.) 
(N.B. Notes issued and/or to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area must have a minimum 
denomination of Euro 100,000 (or equivalent) in 
order to benefit from the wholesale exemption 
set out in Article 1(4)I of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State)  
(N.B. Notes of a certain Tranche will only be 
tradable in one Specified Denomination.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. 
An 
Interest 
Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, 
for 
example 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Notes Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Notes) / (for 
Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date

--- Page 182 ---
182 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[EURIBOR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
(If the rate is not fixed, indicate where the past 
and future performance of the underlying and 
its volatility can be obtained by electronic 
means and whether or not it can be obtained 
free of charge) 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par on the Notes Maturity Date, 
subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption [, plus the Redemption 
Premium Amount] 
10
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
11
Make-Whole Call Option:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
12 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained]: 
[●] (N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes) 
13
Listing 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
/ other] 
14
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable

--- Page 183 ---
183 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Notes 
Maturity Date, except if the Interest Payment 
Date is not a Business Day, in which case the 
relevant Interest Payment Date will be the 
following Business Day 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount: 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
 
 
 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
[[●] per Specified Denomination payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / Not 
Applicable] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(NB: If interest is not payable on a regular basis, 
Actual / Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable Day 
Count Fraction)  
 
(vi) Interest Determination Date(s): 
 
[[●] in each year / Not Applicable] 
(Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid, ignoring Issue Date or Notes 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration) 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Following 
(Adjusted) 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Eurodollar 
Convention] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / 
ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[The second day on which T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period (EURIBOR)] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[●] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back 
provisions appropriately) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
(if 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions apply)/EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply)/EUR-EuroSTR/EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded 
Index/GBP-SONIA/GBP-SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/USD-SOFR/USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index]] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this sub-paragraph) 
 
[Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback  
- 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
- 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling)

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Actual/Actual – (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Event(s): 
[Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions 
Event] / [Health and Safety at Work Event] / 
[Gender Equality Event] 
 
(a) 
[Step Up Margin(s): 
[●] per cent. per annum [in respect of [Target

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(Applicable 
to 
non-
syndicated issuances only. 
Include this row only in 
case of a KPI-Agnostic 
Structure.  
If not applicable, delete 
this row) 
 
Observation Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified below]] on the 
occurrence of one Key Performance Indicator 
Event; or 
[●] per cent. per annum [in respect of [Target 
Observation Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified below]] on the 
occurrence of two Key Performance Indicator 
Events; or 
[●] per cent. per annum [in respect of [Target 
Observation Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified below]] on the 
occurrence 
of 
three 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator Events] 
[specify further Step Up Margins and relevant 
Target Observation Year below if more than 
one Target Observation Year is included and 
the Step Up Margins is not the same] 
 
 
o 
Target 
Observation 
Year[(s)]: 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(b) 
[Step Up Margin(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
both 
syndicated 
and 
non-
syndicated 
issuances. 
Include this row only in 
case of a KPI-Specific 
Structure. 
If not applicable, delete 
this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] [on the occurrence of 
[an Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) 
GHG Emissions Event] / [a 
Health and Safety at Work 
Event] / [a Gender Equality 
Event]]  
[[●] per cent. per annum in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] [on the occurrence of 
[an Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) 
GHG Emissions Event] / [a 
Health and Safety at Work 
Event] / [a Gender Equality 
Event]]  
[specify 
relevant 
Target 
Observation Year if more than 
one Target Observation Year is 
included and include further 
Step Up Margins above] 
 
o 
Target 
Observation 
Year[(s)]: 
[●] [and [●]] 
(N.B. only one Target Observation 
Year to be specified in respect of 
syndicated issuances) 
 
• 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) 
GHG Emissions Reduction 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation 
Year]] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Target 
Observation Year is included and 
include further thresholds below] 
[[●] per cent. in respect of [Target 
Observation Year]] 
 
• 
Health and Safety at Work 
Target: 
[●] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation 
Year]] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Target 
Observation Year is included and 
include further targets below] 
[[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation Year]] 
 
• 
Gender Equality Target: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation 
Year] 
[specify

--- Page 189 ---
189 
relevant Target Observation Year 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Target 
Observation Year is included and 
include further targets below] 
[[●] per cent. in respect of [Target 
Observation Year]] 
 
• 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator Event/Condition 
Notification Deadline(s): 
the day falling [●] days after the 
last day of the relevant Target 
Observation Year(s) 
(ii) 
Step Down Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Condition(s): 
[Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Condition] / [Health 
and Safety at Work Condition] / 
[Gender Equality Condition] 
 
(a) 
[Step Down Margin(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
non-
syndicated issuances only. 
Include this row only in 
case of a KPI-Agnostic 
Structure.  
If not applicable, delete 
this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] upon satisfaction of one 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Condition; or  
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] upon satisfaction of two 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Conditions; or 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] upon satisfaction of three 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Conditions]  
[specify 
further 
Step 
Down 
Margins and relevant Target 
Observation Year below if more 
than one Target Observation Year 
is included and the Step Down 
Margins are not the same] 
 
o 
Target 
Observation 
Year[(s)]: 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(b) 
[Step Down Margin(s):  
(Applicable 
to 
both 
syndicated 
and 
non-
syndicated 
issuances. 
Include this row only in 
case of a KPI-Specific 
Structure. 
If not applicable, delete 
this row) 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below]] [on the occurrence of [an 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Condition] / [a Health 
and Safety at Work Condition] / [a 
Gender Equality Condition] 
[[●] per cent. per annum in 
respect of [Target Observation 
Year] / [each of the Target 
Observation Years as specified 
below] [on the occurrence of [an 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Condition] / [a Health 
and Safety at Work Condition] / [a 
Gender Equality Condition]] 
[specify 
relevant 
Target 
Observation Year if more than one 
Target 
Observation 
Year 
is

--- Page 191 ---
191 
included and include further Step 
Down Margins above] 
 
o 
Target 
Observation 
Year(s): 
[●] [and [[●]] 
(N.B. only one Target Observation 
Year to be specified in respect of 
syndicated issuances) 
 
• 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) 
GHG Emissions Reduction 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation 
Year] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Target 
Observation Year is included and 
include further thresholds below] 
[[●] per cent. in respect of [Target 
Observation Year]] 
 
• 
Health and Safety at Work 
Target: 
[●] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation 
Year]] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Target 
Observation Year is included and 
include further targets below] 
[[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation Year]]] 
 
• 
Gender Equality Target: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [Target 
Observation 
Year] 
[specify 
relevant Target Observation Year 
if 
more 
than 
one 
Target 
Observation Year is included and 
include further targets below] 
[[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
[Target 
Observation Year]] 
 
• 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator Event/Condition 
Notification Deadline(s): 
the day falling [●] days after the 
last day of the relevant Target 
Observation Year(s)

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
(iii) 
Redemption 
Premium 
Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator 
Event(s): 
[Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Event] / [Health and 
Safety at Work Event] / [Gender 
Equality Event] 
 
(a) 
[Redemption 
Premium 
Amount: 
(Applicable 
to 
non-
syndicated issuances only 
– include this row only in 
case of a KPI-Agnostic 
Structure. 
If not applicable, delete 
this row) 
 
Either:  
[●] per Specified Denomination 
on the occurrence of one Key 
Performance Indicator Event; or 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
on the occurrence of two Key 
Performance Indicator Events; or 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
on the occurrence of three Key 
Performance Indicator Events]] 
 
o 
Target 
Observation Year: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
[Redemption 
Premium 
Amount: 
(Applicable to syndicated 
and 
non-syndicated 
issuances – include this 
row only in case of a KPI-
Specific Structure. 
If not applicable, delete 
this row) 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
[on 
the 
occurrence 
of 
[an 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Event] / [a Health and 
Safety at Work Event] / [a Gender 
Equality Event]] 
[[●] per Specified Denomination 
[●]] 
 
 
o 
Target 
Observation Year: 
[●]

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
• 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) 
GHG Emissions Reduction 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent 
 
• 
Health and Safety at Work 
Target: 
[●] 
 
• 
Gender Equality Target: 
[●] per cent. 
 
• 
Key 
Performance 
Indicator Event/Condition 
Notification Deadline: 
the day falling [●] days after the 
last day of the relevant Target 
Observation Year[(s)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent 
[or the Notes Common Representative)

--- Page 194 ---
194 
20. 
Make – Whole Call Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Calculation Date 
[●] 
 
(ii) Make-Whole Spread 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reference Security 
[●] 
 
(iv) Quotation Time 
[●] 
 
(v) Redemption Premium Amount 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – to specify the 
relevant 
methodology 
for 
calculating 
the 
redemption premium amount to be paid] 
 
(vi) Remaining Term Interest 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – to specify the 
relevant 
methodology 
for 
calculating 
any 
remaining term interest to be paid] 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
22
Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption for tax reasons 
or on event of default and/or the 
method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out 
in Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase)): 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised book-entry (escriturais) and 
nominative (nominativas) Notes 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable / [●]]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraphs 15 and 16 relate) 
25
Redenomination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[(If Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
applicable Day Count Fraction)] 
DISTRIBUTION 
26. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses 
of Managers and underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers) 
 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
27
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
28
Total commission and concession: 
[●] 
29
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable / Not Applicable from 
[specify date] until [specify date] [[the date which 
falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue Date], 
otherwise, Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If (i) 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and

--- Page 196 ---
196 
(ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified. Use the “Not 
Applicable from [ ] until [ ]” option where a KID is 
only to be available for a certain period (e.g. the 
primary Offer Period)) 
30
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable / Not Applicable from 
[specify date] until [specify date] [[the date which 
falls [ ] Business Days after] the Issue Date], 
otherwise, Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If (i) 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
(ii) the PRIIP manufacturer does not intend to 
prepare and publish a PRIIPs KID in the UK, 
“Applicable” should be specified. Use the “Not 
Applicable from [ ] until [ ]” option where a KID is 
only to be available for a certain period (e.g. the 
primary Offer Period)) 
 
 
PURPOSE OF THE FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue [and admission to trading on [the Bourse 
de Luxembourg’s regulated market / specify other market or official list]] of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, 
S.A. (as from [insert Issue Date for the Notes]). 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Signed on behalf of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A.: 
 
By: …............................................................................. 
Duly authorised:

--- Page 198 ---
198 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the [Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ other] and / 
admitted to trading on the [Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ other] with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ other] 
and admitted to trading on [Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ other] with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been specifically rated] 
The Notes to be issued [have been / are expected to 
be] rated by credit rating agencies [established in the 
European Union and registered / which is certified] 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009, 
as amended, and stated in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered with the European Securities and 
Market 
Association 
and 
published 
on 
https://www.esma.europa.eu: 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[Fitch: [●]]  
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[[●]: [●]]

--- Page 199 ---
199 
[Insert relevant explanation of the meaning of the 
rating(s) attributed to the Notes, if previously 
published by the rating provider] 
3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
[other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i)  
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] (If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)] 
5. YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Based upon the Issue Price of [●], at the Issue Date the 
anticipated yield of the Notes is [●] per cent. Per 
annum./ Not Applicable] 
6. HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from Reuters.] 
7. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii)  CFI Code 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) FISN Code 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) 
or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
Interbolsa 
– 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação 
e 
de 
Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, 
S.A., and the relevant identification 
number(s) 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 [Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be registered with 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity as a securities settlement 
system, and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [Include this text if 
“Yes” is selected]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
8. EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, of 8 June 2016, as 
amended), Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to the [insert name of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name[s] of administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to the relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of the Base Prospectus, [insert name of 
the administrator[s]] does appear on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Articles 36 and 29(2) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation.]  
[As at the date of the Base Prospectus, [insert name of 
the Administrator[s]] does [not] appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [ESMA/the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”)] pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation.] 
As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] OR 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [insert 
names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 202 ---
202 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (except for this paragraph) is the text of the Conditions which, together with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms will be incorporated by reference into each Note cleared by Central de Valores 
Mobiliários, the central securities clearing system managed by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas 
de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários S.A. Reference should be made to “Form 
of the Notes” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to 
apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to Euro 3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”) by the Issuer.  
1.2 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme may comprise one or more tranches of Notes which are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates, Issue Prices and/or principal amount of Notes issued (all as defined below) 
(each a “Tranche”). Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are these Conditions together with the relevant Final Terms. 
1.3 
Paying Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of a paying agency agreement dated on or about 7 September 2023 (as 
amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Paying Agency Agreement”) between 
the Issuer, the Notes Common Representative, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as Principal Paying 
Agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression includes any successor principal paying 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and Citibank Europe Plc, as 
Portuguese Paying Agent (the “Portuguese Paying Agent”, which expression includes any 
successor Portuguese paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes and, 
together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any 
successor paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
1.4 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of the same Series. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes that 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, 
Issue Prices and/or principal amount of Notes issued.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
1.5 
The Initial Notes  
The Initial Notes were issued prior to the Signing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, all references 
in these Conditions to “Initial Notes” are to the Initial Notes only, while all references in these 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Initial Notes and any other additional Notes that may be issued 
by the Issuer under the Programme after the Signing Date. 
1.6 
References 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to Notes shall mean each person shown 
in the book-entry records of a financial institution licensed to act as a financial intermediary for the 
purposes of the Portuguese Securities Code and which is entitled to hold control accounts with 
Interbolsa on behalf of Noteholders (each such institution an “Affiliate Member of Interbolsa”), as 
having an interest in the principal amount of the Notes.  
1.7 
Inspection 
The Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/). Copies of the Base Prospectus are also 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of the Paying Agents. 
Copies of the Final Terms may also be obtained from those offices save that, if the Notes are neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”), the relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding 
one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
1.8 
Summaries 
The Noteholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Notes 
Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Paying Agency Agreement, the Security 
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the Common Terms Agreement applicable to them. 
Any assignee or successor Noteholder will benefit from, and be bound by, all the provisions of the 
Combined Finance Documents and accordingly the Dealer (as identified in the Dealer Agreement) 
of each issue will execute and deliver to the Intercreditor Agent a Senior Creditors Accession 
Document on behalf of the initial Noteholders and any assignee or successor Noteholder. 
Noteholders may consult the documents listed in “General Information – Documents available for 
inspection” in the terms therein set forth. 
2. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 204 ---
204 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto 
(“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented from time to time, as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of the relevant Series; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant 
Series; 
“Acceleration” means the taking by the Intercreditor Agent (acting on the instructions of the 
relevant Majority Senior Creditors or of the Senior Creditors (other than the EIB), as the case may 
be) or the EIB of any action referred to in Clause 14 (Acceleration) of the Common Terms 
Agreement and Condition 15 (Acceleration); 
“Acceptable Guarantor” means a legal person that satisfies certain conditions and that is approved 
by the EIB for participation in an EIB Guarantee up to such Percentage Participation as the EIB has 
approved subject (i) to the conditions the EIB may in its discretion deem appropriate and (ii) to the 
acceptance thereof by such legal person; 
“Account Bank” means the Lead Account Bank and any other Qualifying Bank so appointed by the 
Issuer in accordance with Clause 20.1 (Appointment of Additional Account Banks) of the Accounts 
Agreement; 
“Accounts Agreement” means the agreement so designated executed on or about the Signing Date 
between the Issuer, the Lead Account Bank, the Intercreditor Agent and the Security Agent setting 
out the rules applicable to the opening and operation of the Company Accounts and the making of 
Authorised Investments; 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
“Additional Expropriations Account” has the meaning ascribed to this expression in Clause 3.2. 
(Company Accounts) of the Accounts Agreement; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Permitted Guarantor” means any entity granting a Permitted Guarantee after the 
Signing Date that does not execute and deliver to the Intercreditor Agent a Senior Creditors 
Accession Document;

--- Page 205 ---
205 
“Additional Senior Creditor” means any creditor providing Additional Senior Debt to the Issuer, 
any Additional Senior Guarantor or any Hedging Counterparty entering into a Hedging Agreement 
with the Issuer after the Signing Date; 
“Additional Senior Debt” means any additional indebtedness incurred by the Issuer in accordance 
with Clause 5 (Additional Senior Debt) to the Common Terms Agreement, excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Permitted Indebtedness; 
“Additional Senior Debt Agreement” means any agreement between the Issuer and an Additional 
Senior Creditor; 
“Additional Senior Guarantor” means any entity granting a Permitted Guarantee (i) after the 
Signing Date that executes and delivers to the Intercreditor Agent a Senior Creditors Accession 
Document or (ii) existing on the Signing Date that after the Signing Date executes and delivers to 
the Intercreditor Agent a Senior Creditors Accession Document; 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer (following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Agents” means the Intercreditor Agent and the Security Agent; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that an Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, 
the Issuer determines is customarily applied in the international debt capital markets for the

--- Page 206 ---
206 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of 
notes denominated in the same Specified Currency as Notes and with an interest period of a 
comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period; 
“Authorised Accounts” means any account opened and maintained with: 
(a) 
any Qualifying Bank for the purposes of making Authorised Investments, in accordance with 
Clause 15 (Authorised Investments) of the Accounts Agreement; 
(b) 
any Debt Service L/C Provider for the purposes of issuing Debt Service L/Cs and making any 
payments in relation thereof; 
(c) 
any bank for the purposes of issuing Permitted Guarantees and making any payments in 
relation thereof; and 
(d) 
any bank for the purposes of incurring additional Short Term Facilities and making any 
payments in relation thereof; 
“Authorised Investment” means any of the investments listed in Schedule IV (Authorised 
Investments) to the Accounts Agreement; 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 7 September 2023, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, prepared in connection with the Programme. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that it will, 
on or prior to a specified date, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
stating that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
it has, or will on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Agents or any Calculation Agent specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case 
may be, to calculate any payments due to be made to the holders of the Notes using the 
Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 207 ---
207 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market. 
Provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d), the Benchmark Event shall occur on 
the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means: 
(a) 
in relation to an Ordinary Decision, the process designed to (i) confirm proof of holding of 
the Notes and (ii) permit Noteholders to participate in Ordinary Decisions via the Investor 
Website, subject to the terms and according to the procedures from time to time disclosed 
in the Investor Website; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Special Decision, a Certificate in which it is stated that (a) the Notes will not 
be released until the earlier of: (i) the date by which a decision is required, and (ii) the 
surrender of such certificate to the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa; and (b) that the bearer 
of such Certificate is entitled to vote for or against the proposal subject to the Special 
Decision; 
“Book-Entry Registry” means the book-entry securities registry system applicable to the Notes, 
which is subject to the rules, regulations and procedures under which Interbolsa operates in 
respect of book-entry securities; 
“Brisa” means Brisa – Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Lisbon and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2 System) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
if T2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the relevant Final Terms, a day 
on which T2 is open for the settlement of payment in euro; and  
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sidney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is 
open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to 
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date 
shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such 
date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Portuguese Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Calculation Date” means 31 December and 30 June in each year, commencing on 30 June 2011 
and ending on the Term Date; 
“Calculation Period” means a period of 12 months commencing on the first day immediately after 
a Calculation Date or ending on a Calculation Date; 
“CAPEX Reserve Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in accordance 
with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank; 
“Class of Noteholders” means all Noteholders holding Notes of the same Series; 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, with registered address 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg;  
“CMVM” means the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários); 
“Combined Finance Documents” means the following documents: (a) the Accounts Agreement; 
(b) the Common Terms Agreement; (c) each Debt Service L/C; (d) the Intercreditor Agreement; (e) 
the Security Agreement; and (f) the Grantor Direct Agreement; 
“Common Terms Agreement” means the agreement so designated executed on or about the 
Signing Date between the Issuer, the Parent and the Senior Creditors (acting directly or by means 
of a representative); 
“Company Accounts” means the Compensations Account, the Debt Service Reserve Account, the 
Distributions Account, each Expropriations Account, the Notes Collateral Account, the Petty Cash 
Account, each Proceeds Account and the CAPEX Reserve Account; 
“Compensation” means any amounts received by the Issuer in respect of: 
(a) 
expropriation, nationalisation and any form of mandatory acquisition of the Issuer, or 
substantial part of its assets or of the Main Concession, 
(b) 
redemption or early termination of the Main Concession, and 
(c) 
Insurances, save for Insurance Proceeds under business interruption Insurances in relation 
to loss of revenues; 
“Compensations Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in 
accordance with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank; 
“Concession Contract” means the concession contract between the Issuer and the Portuguese 
State, as approved by the Ministerial Order (“Resolução do Conselho de Ministros”) 198-B/2008, of 
31 December 2008, transferred to the Issuer on or about the Signing Date, as amended; 
“CSSF” means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier;

--- Page 210 ---
210 
“CVM” means the Portuguese central securities clearing system (Central de Valores Mobiliários) 
composed of interconnected securities accounts, through which such securities (and inherent 
rights) are created, held and transferred; 
“Debt Service” means in respect of any Calculation Period, any amounts due by the Issuer under 
the Finance Documents as Financing Costs and Financing Principal; 
“Debt Service L/C” means each letter of credit or irrevocable first demand bank guarantee issued 
by a Debt Service L/C Provider, for the purpose of satisfying the DSRA Required Balance, under 
which the Intercreditor Agent may, in accordance with the terms of the Accounts Agreement, 
demand any amounts payable by the Issuer as Financing Costs and/or Financing Principal (other 
than any bullet repayment to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes on any Notes Maturity 
Date), substantially in the form set out in Schedule III (Form of Debt Service L/C) to the Accounts 
Agreement;  
“Debt Service L/C Provider” means any Qualifying Bank providing a Debt Service L/C; 
“Debt Service Reserve Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in 
accordance with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank; 
“Disqualified Guarantor” means any bank providing an EIB Guarantee which has ceased to be an 
Acceptable Guarantor; 
“Distributions Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in accordance 
with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank; 
“DSRA Required Balance” means, at any time, the amount equal to the aggregate of Debt Service 
payable by the Issuer in the subsequent 12-month period (other than any principal amounts in 
respect of Non-Amortising Senior Debt); 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“EIB” means the European Investment Bank, an international institution established by the Treaty 
of Rome on 25 March 1957 and having its registered office at 100 boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-
2950; 
“EIB Facilities” means the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the EIB Facility 
Agreement and any other facilities made available by the EIB to the Issuer under the EIB Facility 
Agreement; 
“EIB Facility Agreement” means the agreement dated the date hereof between the EIB and the 
Issuer and any other agreement so designated executed between the EIB and the Issuer setting 
out the terms and conditions of the EIB Facilities; 
“EIB Guarantee” means any bank guarantee provided by an Acceptable Guarantor on behalf of the

--- Page 211 ---
211 
Issuer exclusively in support of its obligations under the EIB Facility Agreement; 
“Engineering and Technical Services Agreement” means the agreement entered into between BEG 
– Brisa Engenharia e Gestão, S.A. (renamed to BGI – Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas, S.A.) and the 
Issuer in relation to the provision by BGI – Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas, S.A. to the Issuer of 
engineering services; 
“Entrenched Rights” has the meaning from time to time ascribed thereto in the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates 
for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from 
the designated distributor); 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, with registered address at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium; 
“Event of Default” means the events indicated pursuant to Condition 14 (Events of Default); 
“Exposure” means, as at the relevant Decision Date: 
(a) 
in relation to any Senior Creditor (other than the EIB, the Initial Senior Guarantors, the 
Additional Senior Guarantors and the Hedging Counterparties) and subject to the provisions 
of paragraph 6.1.(b) of part A (Provisions for Taking Ordinary Decisions) and paragraph 
3.1.(b) of part B (Provisions for Taking Special Decisions) of Schedule V (Provisions for Taking 
Ordinary and Special Decisions) to the Intercreditor Agreement, the aggregate of the 
principal amount outstanding under the relevant Senior Debt Agreement; 
(b) 
in relation to the EIB, the aggregate of the principal amount outstanding under the EIB 
Facility Agreement which does not benefit from an EIB Guarantee, plus an amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Percentage Participation of any Disqualified Guarantor which 
has not been replaced or secured pursuant to the terms of the EIB Facility Agreement; 
(c) 
in relation to any Initial Senior Guarantor or Additional Senior Guarantor granting an EIB 
Guarantee, the maximum amount which may be demanded under the relevant EIB 
Guarantee, at such Decision Date, in accordance with the express provisions thereof, plus 
the aggregate of all payments made pursuant to demands made under the relevant EIB 
Guarantee, at or prior to such Decision Date, except to the extent reimbursed by the Issuer 
prior to such Decision Date; 
(d) 
in relation to any Initial Senior Guarantor or Additional Senior Guarantor granting a

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Permitted Guarantee that is not an EIB Guarantee, the aggregate of all payments made 
pursuant to demands made under the relevant Permitted Guarantee, at or prior to such 
Decision Date, except to the extent reimbursed by the Issuer prior to such Decision Date; 
and 
(e) 
in relation to any Hedging Counterparty:  
(i) 
where the relevant Hedging Agreement has been terminated, the amount equal to 
the Realised Hedge Loss of that Hedging Counterparty as a result of such 
termination, and 
(ii) 
following an Acceleration (where the relevant Hedging Agreement has not been 
terminated), an amount equal to that Hedging Counterparty’s “marked-to-market” 
position in respect of the relevant Hedging Agreement determined by the Hedging 
Counterparty according to the prevailing market practice and confirmed by the 
Issuer as at 12:00 hours GMT on the Business Day immediately prior to the date on 
which the Intercreditor Agent notifies the Finance Parties of the relevant vote; 
“Expropriations Accounts” means the account designated as the Expropriations Account opened 
and maintained in accordance with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the 
Lead Account Bank, and each Additional Expropriations Account; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders in respect of 
any of the following matters: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
reduction of the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of the Notes or 
variation of the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity; 
(b) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(c) 
to approve the modification or abrogation of any of the provisions of these Conditions; 
(d) 
to approve any amendment of this definition; 
(e) 
to approve any other matter in respect of which these Conditions or Article 355(4) of the 
Portuguese Companies Code (or other legal provision that may in the future indicate the 
matters in respect of which meetings of Noteholders are by law obliged to pass a resolution) 
require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed; and 
(f) 
to approve a Special Decision; 
“Fee Letters” means each letter dated on or about the Signing Date agreed between the Issuer and 
the Intercreditor Agent, the Security Agent and the Lead Account Bank, and any other letter 
agreed, from time to time, between the Issuer and any Senior Creditor or any agent appointed by

--- Page 213 ---
213 
the Issuer, setting out the amount and timing for payment of various fees payable by the Issuer in 
relation to the Finance Documents; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Finance Documents” means the following documents: (a) the Combined Finance Documents; (b) 
each Senior Debt Agreement; (c) the Fee Letters; and (d) any other documents designated as such 
by the Intercreditor Agent and the Issuer in writing; 
“Finance Party” means each Senior Creditor, the Intercreditor Agent, the Security Agent, each 
Account Bank, the Notes Common Representative, any agent or common representative in respect 
of any Additional Senior Debt and any successors or assignees of any of the foregoing; 
“Financing Costs” means any interest, fees, compensation, costs (including breakage costs) or 
expenses payable under the Finance Documents (other than the Debt Service L/Cs), including the 
Net Hedging Costs; 
“Financing Principal” means any principal amounts payable by the Issuer under the Finance 
Documents (other than the Debt Service L/Cs); 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Future General Rights” means any and all credit rights acquired by the Issuer at any time after 
the Signing Date: 
(a) 
under or resulting from any Project Agreement, the Management Consultancy Services 
Agreement and the Shared Services Agreement or guarantees provided thereunder, and 
(b) 
under or resulting from any Insurances; 
“General Rights” means each and all credit rights held by the Issuer on the Signing Date under the 
Concession Contract, the Engineering and Technical Services Agreement, the O&M Agreement and 
the Via Verde Contract; 
“Grantor” means Portugal; 
“Grantor Direct Agreement” means the agreement so designated executed on or about the Signing 
Date between the Issuer, the Security Agent and the Grantor; 
“Hedging Agreement” the 1992 or 2002 standard ISDA Master Agreements (including the 
confirmations and, if applicable, credit support annexes thereto) entered into with the Initial 
Hedging Counterparties and any agreement entered into by and between the Issuer and a Hedging 
Counterparty based on the 1992 or 2002 standard ISDA Master Agreement (including, the 
confirmations and, if applicable, credit support annexes thereto) and including without limitation 
for the purposes of hedging (interest rate or currency risks of the Issuer) in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Hedging Policy;

--- Page 214 ---
214 
“Hedging Counterparty” means each entity which is a counterparty to the Issuer under a Hedging 
Agreement and which is or has become a party to the Intercreditor Agreement as a Hedging 
Counterparty in accordance with the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
“Hedging Policy” means the hedging strategy substantially in the form of Schedule III (Hedging 
Policy) to the Common Terms Agreement; 
“Hedging Termination Payments” means any amounts falling due from the Issuer under a Hedging 
Agreement as a result of the termination of that Hedging Agreement, other than interest accruing 
on any amount not paid when due; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise, in each case selected and appointed by 
the Issuer. 
“Initial Facilities” means the facilities provided by the Initial Lenders; 
“Initial Facilities Agreements” means the agreements executed between the Issuer and the Initial 
Lenders setting out the terms and conditions of the Initial Facilities; 
“Initial Hedging Counterparty” means each entity which is a counterparty to the Issuer under a 
Hedging Agreement on the Signing Date; 
“Initial Lender” means each entity, other than the EIB, the Initial Noteholders, the Initial Senior 
Guarantors and the Initial Hedging Counterparties, which is a provider of credit or guarantee 
facilities to the Issuer on the Signing Date; 
“Initial Noteholders” means the several persons who are holders of the Initial Notes on the Signing 
Date; 
“Initial Notes” means the Euro 500,000,000 bonds issued by Brisa Finance, B.V. on 26 September 
2003 and due in 2013, the Euro 600,000,000 bonds issued by Brisa on 5 December 2006 and due 
in 2016 and the Euro 63,300,000 bonds issued by Brisa on 26 October 2009 and due in 2012. The 
Initial Notes have already been redeemed, and reference to it has been made herein solely for the 
sake of completion and information purposes only; 
“Initial Permitted Guarantor” means any entity granting a Permitted Guarantee existing on the 
Signing Date that does not enter into any of the Combined Finance Documents on the Signing Date 
(except if after the Signing Date such entity becomes an Additional Senior Guarantor); 
“Initial Senior Creditors” means the EIB, the Initial Noteholders (represented, where applicable, 
by the Notes Common Representative), the Agents, the Initial Lenders, the Initial Senior Guarantors 
and the Initial Hedging Counterparties; 
“Initial Senior Debt” means any amounts owing to the Initial Senior Creditors under the Senior 
Debt Agreements as at the Signing Date, as set out in Schedule II (Initial Senior Debt) to the

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Common Terms Agreement (except, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts that are not drawn 
on the Signing Date under Permitted Guarantees granted by Initial Senior Guarantors); 
“Initial Senior Guarantor” means any entity granting a Permitted Guarantee existing on the Signing 
Date that enters into the relevant Combined Finance Documents on the Signing Date; 
“Initial Shareholder” means Brisa – Auto-Estradas de Portugal, S.A.; 
“Insurance” means any policy of insurance taken out by or on behalf of the Issuer as required in 
line with the generally accepted practice for a prudent toll road concessionaire (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any insurances relating to any risks for which cover is not or ceases to be 
available to the Issuer in the international insurance market on reasonable commercial terms); 
“Insurance Proceeds” means all proceeds of insurance payable to, or for the account, of the Issuer 
under the Insurances; 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as management entity of the CVM; 
“Intercreditor Agent” means Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A., or any successor thereof 
appointed in accordance with the Finance Documents and which is for the time being acting as 
intercreditor agent; 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the agreement so designated executed on or about the Signing 
Date setting out the intercreditor arrangements between the Senior Creditors, including decision 
making procedures and distribution ranking; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any

--- Page 216 ---
216 
other case); 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date); 
“Investor Website” has the meaning ascribed to this expression in part A (Provisions for Taking 
Ordinary Decisions) of Schedule V (Provisions for Taking Ordinary and Special Decisions) to the 
Intercreditor Agreement, which is currently https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issue Price” means the issue price set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Lead Account Bank” means Banco Santander, S.A. or any other successor bank or financial 
institution so appointed by the Issuer, in accordance with the Accounts Agreement; 
“Long Term Senior Debt” means any Senior Debt originally granted to the Issuer for a term of more 
than 1 year; 
“Main Concession” means the concession granted pursuant to the Concession Contract; 
“Major Default” has the meaning from time to time ascribed to it in the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
“Majority Senior Creditors” means Senior Creditors whose Voting Entitlements as at the relevant 
Decision Date (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) together aggregate at least 66.67 per 
cent. of: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Decision, the aggregate Voting Entitlement of all Senior Creditors 
who have voted (or, in the case of EIB, deemed to have voted) in respect of that decision in 
accordance with Schedule V (Provisions for taking Ordinary and Special Decisions) part A 
(Provisions for taking Ordinary Decisions) to the Intercreditor Agreement,  
(b) 
in the case of a Special Decision, the aggregate Voting Entitlement of all Senior Creditors in 
accordance with Schedule V (Provisions for Taking Ordinary and Special Decisions), part B 
(Provisions for Taking Special Decisions) to the Intercreditor Agreement, and 
(c) 
in all other cases (if any), the aggregate Voting Entitlement of all Senior Creditors on the 
Decision Date; 
“Management Consultancy Services Agreement” means the agreement entered into between 
Brisa and the Issuer in relation to the provision by Brisa to the Issuer of management services at 
commercial rates fixed on arm’s length terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 217 ---
217 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Net Hedging Costs” means in respect of any period, the aggregate amount payable (or in respect 
of a future period, projected to be payable) by the Issuer under the Hedging Agreements (except 
for costs in connection with the execution of any Hedging Agreement or any Hedging Termination 
Payments), less the amounts payable (or in respect of a future period, projected to be payable) to 
the Issuer under those Hedging Agreements on the same date; 
“New Assets” means all moveable assets and items of equipment acquired or held by the Issuer at 
any time after the Signing Date, under any title and for whatever reason, and which may be pledged 
under the applicable law and the Concession Contract; 
“New Shares” means any and all shares, of any kind and/or class, representing the share capital of 
the Issuer (or of any other company that results from a merger or spin-off of the Issuer) acquired 
or subscribed to by, or distributed to, any Shareholder after the Signing Date, including without 
limitation: 
(a) 
any and all additional shares that are distributed to any Shareholder as a result of an 
increase in the share capital of the Issuer by incorporation of reserves, 
(b) 
any and all additional shares that are acquired or subscribed to by any Shareholder as a 
result of an increase in the share capital of the Issuer, and 
(c) 
any and all shares of other companies which are transferred to any Shareholder as a result 
of a merger or spin-off of the Issuer; 
“Non-Amortising Senior Debt” means any Senior Debt which does not amortise, but is scheduled 
to be repaid in full on its final maturity date; 
“Notes Collateral Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in 
accordance with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank; 
“Notes Common Representative” means António Frutuoso de Melo e Associados, Sociedade de 
Advogados, SP R.L., or any successor thereof appointed in accordance with the Notes 
Documentation and which is for the time being acting as common representative of the 
Noteholders; 
“Notes Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement so named 
entered into on or about the Signing Date between the Notes Common Representative and the 
Issuer;

--- Page 218 ---
218 
“Notes Documentation” means the documentation pertaining to each Series of Notes and setting 
out the terms and conditions thereof and any documents related therewith; 
“Notes Maturity Date” means each maturity date of the Notes as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Obligations” means any and all payment obligations and liabilities, present and future, of the 
Issuer under the Finance Documents; 
“Operator” means Brisa O&M, S.A. or any successor thereof appointed in accordance with the 
Finance Documents and which is for the time being acting as operator in respect of the Main 
Concession; 
“O&M Agreement” means the agreement so designated executed on or about the Signing Date 
between the Issuer and the Operator; 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Ordinary Decision” means any decision required to be taken by the Senior Creditors under the 
Finance Documents which is not a Special Decision; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) applicable to the Notes in respect of any Interest Period(s); 
“Parent” or “Guarantor” means Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A.; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts 
the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;  
“Percentage Participation” means the percentage participation of an EIB Guarantor in the EIB 
Guarantees as set out in the relevant EIB Guarantee; 
“Permitted Guarantees” means each of the following: 
(a) 
the EIB Guarantees; and 
(b) 
any bank guarantees provided on behalf of the Issuer exclusively in support of its obligations 
(i) under Clause 17 of the Concession Contract (former Article XX of the concession contract 
approved by Decree-Law no. 294/97, of 24 October 1997), (ii) in relation to any tax due to 
the tax authorities, (iii) in respect of any legal proceedings in which it is a party or (iv) in 
respect of expropriations by either: 
(i) 
an Initial Senior Guarantor or Additional Senior Guarantor; or 
(ii) 
an Initial Permitted Guarantor or Additional Permitted Guarantor, provided that the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
amount guaranteed thereunder does not exceed Euro 50,000,000 in aggregate; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Petty Cash Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in accordance 
with the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank; 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the Portuguese Código das Sociedades Comerciais, 
approved by Decree-Law no. 262/86, dated 2 September 1986, as amended; 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means the Portuguese Código dos Valores Mobiliários approved by 
Decree-Law no. 486/99, dated 13 November 1999, as amended; 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any day, in relation to a Note, the principal amount of 
that Note upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal payments in respect of that Note 
which have become due and/or payable on or prior to that day; 
“Proceeds Account” means the account so designated opened and maintained in accordance with 
the Accounts Agreement, in the name of the Issuer, with the Lead Account Bank and each account 
so designated opened and maintained in accordance with the Accounts Agreement, in the name 
of the Issuer, with any Account Bank (other than the Lead Account Bank); 
“Project Agreements” means the following documents: 
(a) 
the Concession Contract; 
(b) 
the Engineering and Technical Services Agreement; 
(c) 
the O&M Agreement;  
(d) 
the Via Verde Contract; and 
(e) 
any other documents designated as such by the Intercreditor Agent and the Issuer in writing; 
in each case, as amended or substituted, from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of 
the Finance Documents; 
“Qualifying Bank” means any of the following: 
(a) 
in the case of any Account Bank or bank holding Authorised Investments with an exposure 
of less than Euro 5,000,000 (Indexed), a bank or financial institution which has a short-term 
credit rating equal to or greater than “A-2”/”P-2”/”F2” or equivalent, assigned by any Rating 
Agency, and 
(b) 
for any other purposes of the Finance Documents, a bank or financial institution which has 
a short-term credit rating equal to or greater than “A-1”/”P-1”/”F1” or equivalent, assigned 
by any Rating Agency;

--- Page 220 ---
220 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
according to the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”), Standard & 
Poor’s Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc., Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) or another credit rating agency of equal repute, in the opinion of 
the Intercreditor Agent;  
“Real Assets” means all real estate assets held by the Issuer, at any given time, on or after the 
Signing Date, under any title and for whatever reason and able of being mortgaged under the 
applicable law and the Concession Contract; 
“Realised Hedge Loss” means in respect of a terminated Hedging Agreement, the amount equal to 
all monies, debts, liabilities (if any) which are due by the Issuer to the relevant Hedging 
Counterparty (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Hedging Termination Payments); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Call Option Redemption Amount or the Optional 
Redemption Amount; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent if so agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, or 
another agent appointed by the Issuer, in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate;  
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date,

--- Page 221 ---
221 
where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
Interest Period;  
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
by the Portuguese Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount 
having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 21 (Notices); 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Resolution” means any resolution in relation to any matter pertaining to, and having an impact 
on, the Notes and/or the Notes Documentation only which is not an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Retained Rights” has the meaning from time to time ascribed thereto in the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
“Screen Rate Determination” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Security Agent” means Banco Santander, S.A., or any successor thereof appointed in accordance 
with the Finance Documents and which is for the time being acting as security agent; 
“Security Agreement” means the agreement so designated executed on or about the Signing Date 
between the Issuer, the Parent, Brisa, the Security Agent and EIB, including any security document 
entered into pursuant thereto; 
“Security Assets” means the balance of the Company Accounts (other than the Distributions 
Account) and of the Authorised Accounts opened and maintained by the Issuer for the purposes 
of making Authorised Investments, the General Rights, the Future General Rights, the New Assets

--- Page 222 ---
222 
and the Real Assets pledged, assigned by way of security or mortgaged (as applicable) in favour of 
the Security Agent and the EIB under or pursuant to the terms of the Security Agreement; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment by way of security or 
security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having a commercial effect analogous to 
the conferring of security; 
“Senior Creditors” means each of the Initial Senior Creditors and any Additional Senior Creditors; 
“Senior Creditors Accession Document” means the accession document substantially in the form 
of Schedule I (Senior Creditors Accession Document) to the Intercreditor Agreement; 
“Senior Creditors Entrenched Rights” means the rights of the Senior Creditors (other than the 
Hedging Counterparties) to veto any decision proposed to be taken by the Intercreditor Agent (on 
behalf of the Senior Creditors) as set out in Schedule III (Entrenched Rights) part A (Senior Creditors 
Entrenched Rights) of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
“Senior Creditors Retained Rights” means the rights that the Senior Creditors may exercise in their 
sole discretion as set out in Schedule IV (Retained Rights) of the Intercreditor Agreement; 
“Senior Debt” means any amounts owing to the Senior Creditors under the Senior Debt 
Agreements; 
“Senior Debt Agreements” means each of the following: the EIB Facility Agreement, the Notes 
Documentation, the Initial Facilities Agreements, any agreements entered into by and between the 
Issuer and the Initial Senior Guarantors and/or Initial Hedging Counterparties and the Additional 
Senior Debt Agreements; 
“Share Related Rights” means any and all rights, present and future, deriving from title to and/or 
possession of the Shares (and, if and where applicable, the New Shares), including without 
limitation: 
(a) 
any and all rights to receive dividends, profits or any premium or other payment on account 
of the Shares; 
(b) 
the right to call, take part and vote in any annual general meeting of the Issuer; 
(c) 
any and all rights to subscribe to or acquire New Shares or any other transferable securities 
issued by the Issuer and/or by third parties; 
(d) 
any and all pre-emption rights to acquire or subscribe New Shares; 
(e) 
the right to propose and elect any members of corporate bodies; and 
(f) 
any and all other rights granted as a result of title to and/or possession of the Shares (and, 
if and when applicable, the New Shares); 
“Shared Services Agreement” means agreement to be entered into between Brisa and the Issuer

--- Page 223 ---
223 
in relation to the provision by Brisa to the Issuer of back-office and management services at 
commercial rates fixed on arm’s length terms; 
“Shareholder” means Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. and any other person or company 
who is or has from time to time become a direct shareholder in the Issuer in accordance with the 
Finance Documents; 
“Shares” means 15,000,000 ordinary nominative shares, representing 100 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
share capital, on the Signing Date; 
“Short Term Facilities” means any debt facilities with a maturity less than or equal to 1 year 
entered or to be entered into by the Issuer for the purposes of securing additional liquidity; 
“Signing Date” means 22 December 2010; 
“Special Decision” means a decision to be taken by the Senior Creditors on any matter giving rise 
to an Entrenched Right of the Noteholders or a Retained Right of the Noteholders, or in relation to 
the acceleration of any Senior Debt under Clauses 14.1 or 14.3 (Acceleration) of the Common 
Terms Agreement, or in relation to the enforcement of security; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination” means the denomination set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” means each address identified as the address of each Paying Agent in the Paying 
Agency Agreement and in the last page of this Base Prospectus; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“T2” means the Trans-European automated real time gross settlement express transfer system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the T2 System is open for settlement of 
payment in Euros; 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein

--- Page 224 ---
224 
having power to tax; 
“Term Date” means the date on which all and each of the Obligations have been discharged in full;  
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
“Trigger Events” means the events indicated pursuant to Condition 13 (Trigger Events); 
“Via Verde Contract” means the contract entered into between Via Verde Portugal – Gestão de 
Sistemas Electrónicos de Cobrança, S.A. and the Issuer in relation to the Via Verde automatic-toll 
collection system and any other contracts to be entered into by the Issuer in connection with the 
collection of tolls or the electronic identification of vehicles at commercial rates fixed on arm’s 
length terms; 
“Voting Entitlement” means, assuming that 1 Euro of Exposure equals to 1 vote, the number of 
votes eligible to cast corresponding to the Exposure of:  
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Decisions, the EIB, each Noteholder, each Agent, each Initial Lender, 
each Initial Senior Guarantor, each Initial Hedging Counterparty, each creditor providing 
Additional Senior Debt to the Company (if any), each Additional Senior Guarantor (if any) 
and each Hedging Counterparty entering into a Hedging Agreement with the Company after 
the Signing Date (if any), and 
(b) 
in the case of Special Decisions, the EIB, each Class of Noteholders, each Agent, each Initial 
Lender, each Initial Senior Guarantor, each Initial Hedging Counterparty, each creditor 
providing Additional Senior Debt to the Company (if any), each Additional Senior Guarantor 
(if any) and each Hedging Counterparty entering into a Hedging Agreement with the Issuer 
after the Signing Date (if any); and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
3.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are represented in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) form in the Specified 
Currency and the minimum Specified Denomination and are nominative (nominativas), as 
Interbolsa can, at the request of the Issuer, ask the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for information 
regarding the identity of the Noteholders and transmit such information to the Issuer. Notes of 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3.2 
Title 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the Portuguese Securities 
Code and the regulations issued by the CMVM, by Interbolsa or otherwise applicable thereto. Each 
person shown in the Book-Entry Registry of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as the holder of a 
Note shall (except as required by law) be deemed to be the holder of such Note. One or more

--- Page 225 ---
225 
certificates in relation to Notes (each a “Certificate”) will be delivered by the relevant Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa in respect of its registered holding of Notes upon request by the relevant 
Noteholder in accordance with that Affiliate Member of Interbolsa’s procedures and pursuant to 
Article 78 of the Portuguese Securities Code. Title to the Notes is subject to compliance with all 
rules, restrictions and requirements applicable to the activities of Interbolsa and all applicable 
Portuguese laws and regulations.  
The Issuer and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) deem and 
treat the person or entity registered in the Book-Entry Registry as the holder of any Note and the 
absolute owner for all purposes. Proof of such registration is made by means of a Certificate issued 
by the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa pursuant to Article 78 of the Portuguese Securities 
Code. 
The Notes will be registered in the relevant issue account of the Issuer with Interbolsa and will be 
held in control accounts opened by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the 
Noteholders. The control account of a given Affiliate Member of Interbolsa will reflect at all times 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes held in the individual securities’ accounts of the 
Noteholders with that Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. 
References to Interbolsa shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system. 
3.3 
Transfer of Notes 
No Noteholder will be able to transfer Notes, or any interest therein, except in accordance with 
Portuguese law and regulations. Notes may only be transferred in accordance with the applicable 
procedures established by the Portuguese Securities Code and regulations issued from time to time 
by the CMVM, CSSF, Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Interbolsa, as the case may be, and the 
relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa through which the Notes are held. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are senior, direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured (in the terms described 
in Condition 5 (Security)) obligations of the Issuer and rank and, in the event of insolvency or 
winding-up of the Issuer, will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) pari passu with all other present and future senior, 
unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer under or pursuant to the Security 
Agreement, without any preference among such obligations by reason of the date of incurrence or 
otherwise. 
5. 
Security 
5.1 
Security 
The Notes are secured by security created, or promised to be created, by the Issuer and the Parent

--- Page 226 ---
226 
(which, for the avoidance of doubts, has acquired the Shares pledged by the Initial Shareholder in 
accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement) in favour and for the benefit of the Security 
Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders (represented by the Notes Common Representative) and other 
Finance Parties, under the terms of the Security Agreement. 
The security created pursuant to the Security Agreement, in favour and for the benefit of the 
Security Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders (represented by the Notes Common Representative) 
and other Finance Parties, includes as security for the entire and timely performance of all and 
each of the Obligations: 
(a) 
a first ranking pledge over all and each of the Shares (including the corresponding Share 
Related Rights), which Shares (including the corresponding Share Related Rights) have been, 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, acquired by the Parent;  
(b) 
a first ranking pledge granted by the Issuer over the balance of the Company Accounts 
(other than the Debt Service Reserve Account and the Distributions Account) held by the 
Issuer on the Signing Date;  
(c) 
a first ranking pledge granted by the Issuer over the balance of the Debt Service Reserve 
Account, exclusively towards the Finance Parties, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Noteholders, other than the Initial Senior Guarantors and the Additional Senior Guarantors; 
(d) 
a first ranking pledge granted by the Issuer over all the General Rights. 
The Security Agreement also provides that the Issuer and the Parent promise to create security in 
favour and for the benefit of the Security Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders (represented by the 
Notes Common Representative) and other Finance Parties, for the entire and timely performance 
of all and each of the Obligations, including:  
(a) 
a promise by the Parent to grant a first ranking pledge over all and each of the New Shares 
(including all and each of the Share Related Rights attached thereto);  
(b) 
a promise by the Issuer to grant a first ranking mortgage over each and all of the Real Assets 
acquired by the Issuer after the Signing Date;  
(c) 
a promise by the Issuer to grant a first ranking mortgage over certain Real Assets if the 
aggregate commercial value of the Real Assets acquired by Issuer, and not yet mortgaged, 
is equal to or exceeds Euro 5,000,000 and if the Security Agent has informed the Issuer that 
certain Real Assets shall be mortgaged; 
(d) 
a promise by the Issuer to grant a first ranking pledge over certain New Assets if the 
aggregate commercial value of the New Assets acquired by Issuer, and not yet pledged, is 
equal to or exceeds Euro 2,000,000 and if the Security Agent has informed the Issuer that 
certain New Assets shall be pledged;

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(e) 
a promise by the Issuer to grant a first ranking pledge over the balance of any Company 
Account or Authorised Account for the purposes of making Authorised Investments opened 
by the Issuer after the Signing Date; 
(f) 
a promise by the Issuer to grant a first ranking pledge over the New Assets. 
In addition, the Issuer assigns by way of security (cessão de créditos com escopo de garantia) to 
the Security Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders (represented by the Notes Common 
Representative) and other Finance Parties (other than EIB) and EIB, the Future General Rights. 
5.2 
Guarantees and Security limited to Security Assets 
Guarantees and security created and promised to be created by the Issuer, the Parent, Brisa and/or 
the Shareholder in respect of the Notes are limited to the guarantees and security created and 
promised to be created by the Issuer, the Parent, Brisa and/or the Shareholder over the Security 
Assets pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement and, accordingly, 
the Noteholders will not have the benefit nor shall be entitled, in relation to the Parent, to make 
any claim based on Articles 501 and 502 of the Portuguese Companies Code (which do not currently 
legally apply to any shareholder of the Parent), Article 629 of the Portuguese Civil Code or other 
legal provisions of similar nature, and unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right arising 
thereunder in relation to the Notes. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
6.1 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked 
Notes provisions) and Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the date 
of its final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount (or, if applicable, the 
Redemption Premium Amount) is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (both before and after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the Noteholders and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Portuguese Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Notes Common Representative has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). Interest will be transferred by Interbolsa to the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa for distribution by them to the account of the entitled Noteholders 
in accordance with Interbolsa’s usual rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
6.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount subject to Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions). Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, amount to 
the Broken Amount so specified. 
6.4 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount or a Broken Amount is not specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the principal amount outstanding of such Note, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with the applicable market convention). For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. For this purpose “Day Count 
Fraction” means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6.4: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one

--- Page 229 ---
229 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
7.1 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Accrual of interest  
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked 
Notes provisions) and Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the date 
of its final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount (or, if applicable, the 
Redemption Premium Amount) is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (both before and 
after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the Noteholders; and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Portuguese Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Notes Common Representative 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
7.3 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 
7.10 (Benchmark Replacement): 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent if so agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, or 
otherwise another agent appointed by the Issuer, will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, and, if 
applicable, provide the quotations to the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate) 
quoted by major banks in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency, selected 
by the Calculation Agent if so agreed between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, or 
otherwise another agent appointed by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
7.4 
ISDA Determination 
(a) 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate (such manner of 
determination being referred to as “ISDA Determination”), where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which, if the relevant Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:

--- Page 231 ---
231 
1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, is 
a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;  
4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and:  
(I) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(II) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(III) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) are the days, if applicable, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms);  
6) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:

--- Page 232 ---
232 
(I) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(II) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;  
(III) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Notes Maturity 
Date; and 
(IV) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
1) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall be disapplied; and  
2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified Floating Rate Option is 
specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
7.5 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
7.6 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the principal amount of such Note during such Interest Period 
and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction. For this purpose, “Day Count 
Fraction” means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 233 ---
233 
(c) 
If “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
  
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Notes Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
7.7 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Portuguese 
Paying Agent and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period). Notice thereof shall also

--- Page 235 ---
235 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
7.8 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Notes Common Representative, the Portuguese Paying Agent and the Noteholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent or the 
Notes Common Representative in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7.9 
Determination or Calculation by Notes Common Representative 
If the Calculation Agent fails at any time to determine a Rate of Interest or to calculate an Interest 
Amount or any other amount which it is required to do, the Notes Common Representative will 
determine such Rate of Interest and make such determination or calculation which shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Notes Common 
Representative shall apply all of the provisions of these Conditions with any necessary 
consequential amendments (but always subject to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate 
of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, if any) to the extent that, in its sole opinion and 
with absolute discretion, it can do so and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it 
shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and will not be liable for any loss, liability, 
cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. Any such determination or calculation 
made by the Notes Common Representative shall be binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
7.10 Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 7.10 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply to the Notes: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint 
at its own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the Notes), no later than 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the 
Original Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (i) a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining each relevant Rate

--- Page 236 ---
236 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; and (ii) in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendment (in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (E) of this Condition 7.10). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for 
the purposes of determining any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread, the Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international 
debt capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 7.10, in either case prior to the relevant 
IA Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and following consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event 
one has been appointed) may determine (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Notes), no later than the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, (X) a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate; and (Y) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 7.10. Without prejudice to the 
definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant 
and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with 
paragraphs (A) or (B) above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (D) below) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to further 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.10); 
(D) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case 
may be); 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 237 ---
237 
reasonable manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and an 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, 
as the case may be, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the holders of the Notes) also specify changes to these Conditions which are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread (as applicable) (such amendments, together, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall effect such consequential 
amendments to the Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the application 
of this Condition 7.10. No consent shall be required from the Notes Common 
Representative and the holders of the Notes in connection with determining or giving effect 
to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or the Adjustment Spread (as applicable) 
or any Benchmark Amendments, including for the execution of any documents or other 
steps to be taken by the Issuer or the Agents (if required or useful);  
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly but no later than the IA Determination Cut-Off Date, following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice thereof to the holders of the 
Notes in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any other Benchmark Amendments, and their 
effective date; 
(G) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.10 shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or 
fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer and the holders of the Notes for any 
advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any determination made by the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to this Condition 7.10; and 
(H) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 7.10, the Original 
Reference Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 7 will continue to apply for the 
purpose of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date (i) unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 7.10, and 
(iii) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 7.10, but holders of 
the Notes have not been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance

--- Page 238 ---
238 
with Condition 7.10(F) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this Condition 7.10(H) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 7.10. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note provisions 
8.1 
Application 
This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
8.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price;  
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by 
or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; or  
(ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Portuguese Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Notes Common Representative has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment); and 
(c) 
if applicable, any Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions). 
9. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions  
9.1. 
Application 
This Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
in which case the relevant Final Terms shall specify whether a Step Up Option, a Step Down Option 
and/or Redemption Premium Option are applicable.  
(a) 
Step Up Option: In case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that 
a Step Up Option is applicable: 
(i) 
the relevant Final Terms shall specify (1) the relevant Key Performance Indicator

--- Page 239 ---
239 
Event(s); (2) the relevant Target Observation Year(s); and (3) (x) in case of a KPI-
Specific Structure: the Step Up Margin(s) applicable in respect of each specific Key 
Performance Indicator Event(s) for each applicable Target Observation Year(s); 
and/or (y) in case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure: the Step Up Margin(s) applicable based 
on the number of Key Performance Indicator Event(s) which occur for each 
applicable Target Observation Year, irrespective of which specific Key Performance 
Indicator Event(s) have occurred. In case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure, all relevant KPIs 
assessed with regards to the same Step Up Event shall have common Target 
Observation Year(s) and Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification 
Deadline(s) specified in order to determine whether one or more Step Up Event(s) 
have occurred with respect to such KPIs; 
(ii) 
if one or more Step Up Event(s) occur, then for any Interest Period commencing on 
or after the relevant Step Up Date, the initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), as the case may be, shall be 
increased by the relevant Step Up Margin with respect to such Step Up Event(s) with 
effect from (and including) the Step Up Date, until either (1) the Notes Maturity Date 
or, (2) in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that 
more than one Target Observation Year is applicable to a specific KPI (in case of a 
KPI-Specific Structure) or to all relevant KPIs (in case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure), the 
earlier of the Notes Maturity Date or the first Interest Payment Date following the 
next Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification Deadline for the 
relevant KPI(s). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Notes in respect of which 
the relevant Final Terms specify multiple Target Observation Year(s) with respect to 
either a specific KPI (in case of a KPI-Specific Structure) or all relevant KPIs assessed 
with regards to the same Step Up Event (in case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure), then 
upon occurrence of any subsequent Step Up Event the relevant Step Up Margin 
specified in the relevant Final Terms relating to such subsequent Step Up Event shall 
be applied to the initial Rate of Interest or Margin (as applicable);  
(b) 
Step Down Option: In case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate 
that a Step Down Option is applicable: 
(i) 
the relevant Final Terms shall specify (1) the relevant Key Performance Indicator 
Condition(s); (2) the relevant Target Observation Year(s); and (3) (x) in case of a KPI-
Specific Structure: the Step Down Margin(s) applicable in respect of each specific Key 
Performance Indicator Condition(s) for each applicable Target Observation Year(s); 
and/or (y) in case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure: the Step Down Margin(s) applicable 
based on the number of Key Performance Indicator Condition(s) which are satisfied

--- Page 240 ---
240 
for each applicable Target Observation Year, irrespective of which of the specific Key 
Performance Indicator Condition(s) have been satisfied. In the case of a KPI-Agnostic 
Structure, all relevant KPIs assessed with regards to the same Step Down Event shall 
have common Target Observation Year(s) and Key Performance Indicator 
Event/Condition Notification Deadline(s) specified in order to determine whether 
one or more Step Down Event(s) have occurred with respect to such KPIs; 
(ii) 
if one or more Step Down Event(s) occur, then for any Interest Period commencing 
on or after the relevant Step Down Date, the initial Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), as the case may be, 
shall be decreased by the relevant Step Down Margin with respect to such Step Down 
Event(s) with effect from (and including) the Step Down Date, until either (1) the 
Notes Maturity Date or, (2) in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms indicate that more than one Target Observation Year is applicable to a specific 
KPI (in case of a KPI-Specific Structure) or to the relevant KPIs (in case of a KPI-
Agnostic Structure), the earlier of the Notes Maturity Date or the first Interest 
Payment Date following the next Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition 
Notification Deadline for the relevant KPI(s). For the avoidance of doubt, in the case 
of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms specify multiple Target 
Observation Year(s) with respect to either a specific KPI (in case of a KPI-Specific 
Structure) or all relevant KPIs assessed with regards to the same Step Down Event 
(in case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure) then upon occurrence of any subsequent Step 
Down Event the relevant Step Down Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms 
relating to such subsequent Step Down Event shall be applied to the initial Rate of 
Interest or Margin (as applicable); 
(c) 
Redemption Premium Option: In the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms indicate that a Redemption Premium Option is applicable: 
(i) 
the relevant Final Terms shall specify (1) the applicable Key Performance Indicator 
Event(s); (2) the relevant Target Observation Year; and (3) (x) in case of a KPI-Specific 
Structure: the Redemption Premium Amount applicable in respect of each specific 
Key Performance Indicator Event; and/or (y) in case of a KPI-Agnostic Structure: the 
Redemption Premium Amount(s) applicable based on the number of Key 
Performance Indicator Event(s) which occur, irrespective of which specific Key 
Performance Indicator Event(s) have occurred; and 
(ii) 
if one or more Key Performance Indicator Event(s) occur, the Issuer shall pay to each 
Noteholder an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Premium Amount(s) on 
the Notes Maturity Date or, (x) if the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem

--- Page 241 ---
241 
the Notes in accordance with Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase), and the 
relevant early redemption date falls prior to such Notes Maturity Date, on the 
relevant early redemption date, or (y) if the Notes become due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Trigger Events) prior to such Notes Maturity Date, on 
the date on which they become due and payable. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms 
specify that both the Step Up Option and Step Down Option are applicable, if one or more 
Step Up Event(s) and one or more Step Down Event(s) occur in respect of the same Interest 
Period, the sum of the applicable Step Up Margin(s) and Step Down Margin(s) will be added 
to or deducted from, as the case may be, the applicable initial Rate of Interest or the 
applicable initial Margin (as applicable). 
9.2. 
Notification  
With respect to each relevant Step Up Event, Step Down Event and/or Redemption Premium Event 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will cause the occurrence of such Step Up Event, 
Step Down Event and/or Redemption Premium Event, as the case may be, to be notified to the 
Portuguese Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices), to the Noteholders no 
later than 5 Business Days following the relevant Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition 
Notification Deadline. Such notice shall specify, in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that a Step Up Option is applicable, the relevant Step Up Date and the Rate of 
Interest or Margin (as applicable) that shall apply to such Notes from the Step Up Date, in the case 
of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate that a Step Down Option is 
applicable, the relevant Step Down Date and the Rate of Interest or Margin (as applicable) that 
shall apply to such Notes from the Step Down Date, or, in the case of Notes in respect of which the 
relevant Final Terms indicate that a Redemption Premium Option is applicable, the Redemption 
Premium Amount.  
9.3. 
Sustainability Reporting 
9.3.1. In respect of each financial year of the Issuer, beginning with the financial year in which the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Sustainability-Linked Notes falls and for so long as any Sustainability-
Linked Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will publish (and keep available) on its website, with 
respect to the relevant Key Performance Indicator(s) relating to the applicable Key Performance 
Indicator Event(s) and/or Key Performance Indicator Condition(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for any outstanding Sustainability-Linked Notes, a sustainability confirmation statement 
(the “Sustainability Confirmation Statement”) including:  
(a) 
information on the performance of the relevant KPI(s) and, if applicable, the Absolute 
(Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Percentage, in such financial year, outlining the 
performance against the SPTs for the applicable Target Observation Year(s) and any other

--- Page 242 ---
242 
relevant information enabling investors to monitor the progress of the relevant SPTs; 
(b) 
information on the occurrence of any Recalculation Event and any amendments made to 
the relevant KPIs and/or modification of the relevant SPTs and/or adjustments to the 2021 
Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline resulting from such Recalculation Event, if applicable. 
For the purpose of any Recalculation Event, the Issuer will publish an explanation of the 
events requiring the recalculation and its quantum in the following Sustainability 
Confirmation Statement, together with a confirmation by the External Verifier that any 
recalculation as a result of a Recalculation Event is consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability 
strategy; and 
(c) 
an external verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier (the “Assurance 
Report”). 
9.3.2. The Sustainability Confirmation Statement, including the respective Assurance Report, with 
respect to each relevant financial year of the Issuer will be published on or before 31 March of the 
following year except if the Issuer, acting reasonably, determines that additional time is required 
to complete the Sustainability Confirmation Statement and/or the Assurance Report contained 
therein, in which case the Sustainability Confirmation Statement may be published as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.  
9.3.3. Any failure by the Issuer to publish the Sustainability Confirmation Statement in respect of any 
applicable Target Observation Year(s) in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes on or 
before the relevant Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification Deadline shall result 
in failure to satisfy the Reporting Condition in respect of such Series.  
9.3.4. Any failure by the Issuer to make the information referred to in this Condition 9 (Sustainability-
Linked Notes provisions) available with respect to any relevant financial year shall not in any case 
result in the occurrence of an Event of Default under these Conditions, but may give rise to the 
application of a Step Up Event, Step Down Event and/or a Redemption Premium Event only in the 
circumstances in which such failure results in the relevant Reporting Condition not being satisfied. 
9.4. 
Definitions: 
For the purposes of this Condition 9 (Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions): 
“2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline” means 6.16 x 103 tCO2e, being the Absolute (Scope 1 
and 2) GHG Emissions for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, as may be amended from 
time to time upon the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, as published by the 
Issuer in the following Sustainability Confirmation Statement published in accordance with 
Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting), all as calculated in good faith by the Issuer (which 
determination shall involve obtaining independent third party support, included in the

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Sustainability Confirmation Statement, such as an Assurance Report provided by an External 
Verifier); 
“Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions” means, in 103 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
(tCO2e), the sum of the: 
(a) 
Scope 1 Emissions; and 
(b) 
Scope 2 Emissions 
(calculated in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard), in each case in respect of any given 
financial year, calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting) and verified by an External Verifier in an Assurance Report 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting); 
“Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Condition” means, in relation to any relevant Target 
Observation Year, the condition that: 
(a) 
the relevant Reporting Condition has been satisfied; and 
(b) 
the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Percentage in respect of such Target 
Observation Year calculated as at the relevant Target Observation Date, as shown in the 
relevant Sustainability Confirmation Statement, is equal to or greater than the Absolute 
(Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold in respect of such Target Observation 
Year; 
“Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Event” occurs if the requirements of paragraph (a) 
and/or paragraph (b) of the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Condition definition above 
are not satisfied; 
“Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Percentage” means, in respect of any 
financial year, the percentage by which the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions for such 
financial year has reduced in comparison to the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline, as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer and published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.3 
(Sustainability Reporting); 
“Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold” means the threshold (expressed 
as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Reduction Threshold in respect of the relevant Target Observation Year, as may be 
amended from time to time upon the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, as 
published by the Issuer in the following Sustainability Confirmation Statement published in 
accordance with Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting), all as calculated in good faith by the 
Issuer (which determination shall involve obtaining independent third party support, included in 
the Sustainability Confirmation Statement, such as an Assurance Report provided by an External 
Verifier);

--- Page 244 ---
244 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting); 
“Direct Partners” means the Brisa Group companies that are responsible for ensuring the activity 
of operation, maintenance and conservation of the road infrastructure (i.e., Brisa – O&M, S.A. and 
BGI – Brisa Gestão de Infraestruturas, S.A.) and for managing the catering units and common 
spaces of the Issuer’s service areas (i.e., Brisa Áreas de Serviços, S.A.); 
“External Verifier” means PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas, Lda. or a different qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services, or 
other independent persons or entities appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the expertise 
necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by an External Verifier under these 
Conditions, as determined in good faith by the Issuer; 
“Gender Equality Condition” means, in relation to any relevant Target Observation Year, the 
condition that:  
(a) 
the relevant Reporting Condition has been satisfied; and 
(b) 
the Rate of Women in Leadership Positions in respect of such Target Observation Year, as 
shown in the relevant Sustainability Confirmation Statement, is equal to or greater than the 
Gender Equality Target in respect of such Target Observation Year; 
“Gender Equality Event” occurs if the requirements of paragraph (a) and/or paragraph (b) of the 
Gender Equality Condition definition above in respect of the relevant Target Observation Date are 
not satisfied; 
“Gender Equality Target” means the target, expressed as a percentage, specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the Gender Equality Target in respect of any relevant Target Observation Year, 
as may be amended from time to time upon the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so 
amended, as published by the Issuer in the following Sustainability Confirmation Statement 
published in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting), all as calculated in good faith 
by the Issuer (which determination shall involve obtaining independent third party support, 
included in the Sustainability Confirmation Statement, such as an Assurance Report provided by 
an External Verifier); 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document entitled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition (2004))” complemented with the 
“GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015)” published by the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development and the World Resources Institute, as such documents may be amended, 
supplemented or replaced at the relevant time; 
“Health and Safety at Work Condition” means, in relation to any relevant Target Observation Year, 
the condition that: 
(a) 
the relevant Reporting Condition has been satisfied; and

--- Page 245 ---
245 
(b) 
the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate in respect of such Target Observation Year calculated 
as at the Target Observation Date, as shown in the relevant Sustainability Confirmation 
Statement, is equal to or lower than the Health and Safety at Work Target(s) in respect of 
such Target Observation Year; 
“Health and Safety at Work Event” occurs if the requirements of paragraph (a) and/or paragraph 
(b) of the Health and Safety at Work Condition definition above are not satisfied; 
“Health and Safety at Work Target” means the target specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
the Health and Safety at Work Target in respect of any relevant Target Observation Year, as may 
be amended from time to time upon the occurrence of a Recalculation Event and, if so amended, 
as published by the Issuer in the following Sustainability Confirmation Statement published in 
accordance with Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting), all as calculated in good faith by the 
Issuer (which determination shall involve obtaining independent third party support, included in 
the Sustainability Confirmation Statement, such as an Assurance Report provided by an External 
Verifier); 
“Key Performance Indicator” or “KPI” means one or more of the following, as correspond to the 
Key Performance Indicator Event(s) or Key Performance Indicator Condition(s) (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: (i) Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions, (ii) the Lost Time 
Injury Frequency Rate and/or (iii) the Rate of Women in Leadership Positions; 
“Key Performance Indicator Condition” means, in the case of Notes in respect of which the 
relevant Final Terms indicate that a Step Down Option is applicable, one or more of the following, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms: (i) Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Condition, (ii) 
Health and Safety at Work Condition, and/or (iii) Gender Equality Condition; 
“Key Performance Indicator Event” means, in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant 
Final Terms indicate that a Step Up Option or a Redemption Premium Option is applicable, one or 
more of the following, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: (i) Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG 
Emissions Event, (ii) Health and Safety at Work Event, and/or (iii) Gender Equality Event; 
“Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification Deadline” has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“KPI-Agnostic Structure” means a structure where the quantum of Step Up Margin(s), Step Down 
Margin(s) and/or Redemption Premium Amount(s) payable, as applicable, is linked to the number 
of Key Performance Indicator Condition(s) satisfied or the number of Key Performance Indicator 
Event(s) occurred (as applicable) in the relevant Target Observation Year and is not linked to which 
specific Key Performance Indicator Condition(s) has been satisfied or Key Performance Indicator 
Event(s) has occurred; 
“KPI-Specific Structure” means a structure where the quantum of Step Up Margin(s), Step Down

--- Page 246 ---
246 
Margin(s) and/or Redemption Premium Amount(s) payable, as applicable, is linked to each specific 
Key Performance Indicator Event or Key Performance Indicator Condition, as applicable, in the 
relevant Target Observation Year; 
“Leadership Position” means a position in the Issuer or its Direct Partners which involves the 
management of teams (irrespective of their size) and the responsibility of implementing and 
developing projects and processes, and shall be limited to the following positions, or equivalent: 
coordinating director, director, deputy director, operations manager, senior team leader and team 
leader. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition does not encompass the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer or of the Direct Partners; 
“Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate” means, in respect of any financial year, the ratio between the 
number of working hours lost due to Work-Related Injuries and the total number of working hours 
of the Issuer’s workers or its Direct Partners’ workers in such financial year, multiplied by one 
million, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and verified by an External Verifier in an Assurance 
Report and as published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting); 
“Rate of Women in Leadership Positions” means, in respect of any financial year, the percentage 
of Leadership Positions held by women as at 31 December of that year compared to the total 
number of workers in Leadership Positions, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and verified by 
an External Verifier in an Assurance Report and as published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 9.3 (Sustainability Reporting); 
“Recalculation Event” means any event that requires the recalculation of any KPIs, SPTs and/or 
the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline upon the occurrence of any material changes in the 
perimeter, data calculation methodology or other changes that may have a material impact on the 
appropriateness of any KPIs, SPTs and/or the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline, namely any 
of the following: 
(a) 
any change in the calculation methodology or improvements in the accuracy of 
emission factors, in respect of the Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emission and the 
Absolute (Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emission Threshold, or activity data that results in a 
significant impact on the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline;  
(b) 
any discovery of potential changes that may compromise the relevance of the KPIs, 
SPTs and/or the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline, such as significant errors or 
a number of cumulative errors, that are collectively significant, or any material 
mistake in their calculation; 
(c) 
any structural changes in the Issuer or its Direct Partners that have a significant 
impact on the KPIs, SPTs and/or of the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline;  
(d) 
any adjustment of the Gender Equality Target to ensure convergence between the

--- Page 247 ---
247 
number of women in Leadership Positions within the total number of women in the 
workforce, so that the SPT may continue to be relevant and material;  
(e) 
any event which, according to a recommendation published by the Science-Based 
Targets initiative, requires a redetermination or recalculation of the Absolute (Scope 
1 and 2) GHG Emissions; and 
(f) 
any amendment to, or change in, any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines 
and/or policies with impact on the KPIs, SPTs and/or any Baseline. 
Any such Recalculation Event shall result in the recalculation/ redetermination of any KPIs, SPTs 
and/or the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline, without the need to consult or obtain the 
Noteholders’ consent. Any reference to the KPIs, the SPTs and/or the 2021 Absolute GHG Emissions 
Baseline shall be deemed to be made to the recalculated/redetermined KPIs, SPTs and/or the 2021 
Absolute GHG Emissions Baseline, as applicable following a Recalculation Event; 
9.2“Redemption Premium Amount” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the premium 
amount payable on the Notes Maturity Date of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, if a Redemption 
Premium Event occurs; 
“Redemption Premium Event” means, in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final 
Terms indicate that a Redemption Premium Option is applicable, the occurrence of an applicable 
Key Performance Indicator Event. A Redemption Premium Event shall be deemed to occur on the 
earlier of (i) the Issuer announcing the occurrence of the relevant Redemption Premium Event 
pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Notification), and (ii) the Reporting Condition not being satisfied on or 
before the relevant Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification Deadline; 
“Redemption Premium Option” means the applicability or non-applicablity of a Redemption 
Premium Event as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reporting Condition” means the publication of a Sustainability Confirmation Statement, 
containing an Assurance Report, in respect of any applicable Target Observation Year by the 
relevant Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification Deadline, pursuant to Condition 
9.3 (Sustainability Reporting); 
“Scope 1 Emissions” means the direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned by the Issuer, 
encompassing: (i) stationary combustion of fossil fuels (diesel, petrol and natural gas) by 
emergency generators and boilers, and (ii) mobile combustion of fossil fuels (road diesel and 
petrol) by the Issuer’s fleet of passenger vehicles;  
“Scope 2 Emissions” means the indirect greenhouse gas emissions associated with the generation 
of purchased electricity consumed by assets owned by the Issuer (including, but not limited to, 
motorway lighting, tolls, service areas, operational and co-ordination centres buildings); 
“Step Down Date” means, in relation to any Step Down Event, the first Interest Payment Date

--- Page 248 ---
248 
immediately following the occurrence of such Step Down Event; 
“Step Down Event” means, in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms 
indicate that a Step Down Option is applicable, the satisfaction of one or more of the Key 
Performance Indicator Condition(s). A Step Down Event shall be deemed to occur on the date of 
the announcement of the satisfaction of such condition(s) pursuant to Condition 9.2 (Notification); 
“Step Down Margin” means, in relation to a Step Down Event, the amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being the Step Down Margin in respect of such Step Down Event; 
“Step Down Option” means the applicability or non-applicability of a Step Down Event as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Step Up Date” means, in relation to any Step Up Event, the first Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the occurrence of such Step Up Event; 
“Step Up Event” means, in the case of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms indicate 
that a Step Up Option is applicable, the occurrence of one or more of the Key Performance 
Indicator Event(s). A Step Up Event shall be deemed to occur on the earlier of (i) the date of the 
announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Step Up Event pursuant to Condition 9.2 
(Notification), and (ii) the relevant Key Performance Indicator Event/Condition Notification 
Deadline, if the Reporting Condition with respect to the relevant Key Performance Indicator 
Event(s) is not satisfied on or before such date; 
“Step Up Margin” means, in relation to a Step Up Event, the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Step Up Margin in respect of such Step Up Event; 
“Step Up Option” means the applicability or non-applicability of a Step Up Event as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Sustainability Confirmation Statement” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.3 
(Sustainability Reporting); 
“Sustainability-Linked Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Sustainability Performance Target” or “SPT” means one or more of the following: Absolute 
(Scope 1 and 2) GHG Emissions Reduction Threshold(s), the Health and Safety at Work Target(s) 
and the Gender Equality Target(s) (in each case, as defined in these Conditions); 
“Target Observation Date(s)” means 31 December in the Target Observation Year(s); 
“Target Observation Year(s)” means with respect to each Key Performance Indicator Event that is 
stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the year(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Target Observation Year(s); and 
“Work-Related Injury” means any injury which occurs during working hours or is otherwise caused 
in the course of a worker’s employment that results, directly or indirectly, in any of the Issuer’s

--- Page 249 ---
249 
workers or its Direct Partners’ workers not returning to work on the next scheduled working 
day/shift. 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
10.1. Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their 
principal amount, plus any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable 
pursuant to Condition 9.1(c), on the Notes Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). 
The minimum maturity of any Notes will be 398 (three hundred and ninety-eight) days from their 
Issue Date. 
10.2. Redemption due to Compensation received 
The Issuer shall redeem the Notes (together with any other outstanding Senior Debt), on a pro rata 
basis, with the amounts of any Compensation received (other than any Compensation falling under 
paragraph (c) of the definition of Compensation), and any applicable Redemption Premium 
Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 9.1(c). 
10.3. Redemption of Initial Notes for tax reasons 
Subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments), the Issuer may redeem the Initial Notes: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable),  
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the relevant Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at the Early Redemption Amount (plus, if applicable, any Redemption 
Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 9.1(c)), together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if, immediately before giving such notice, the 
Issuer satisfies the Notes Common Representative that: 
(a) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 12.1 (Gross-up for Initial Notes) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the jurisdiction of the Issuer’s incorporation or any political sub-
division or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a 
court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement was reached to issue the relevant Series of Initial Notes; 
and

--- Page 250 ---
250 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(i) 
where the Initial Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Initial Notes were then due; or  
(ii) 
where the Initial Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Initial Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Notes Common Representative a certificate signed by 2 directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. The Notes 
Common Representative shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the circumstances set out in (i) and (ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on the relevant Noteholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in 
this Condition 10.3 (Redemption of Initial Notes for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the relevant Initial Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.3 (Redemption of Initial 
Notes for tax reasons). 
For the avoidance of doubt, Initial Notes may be redeemed under this Condition 10.3 (Redemption 
of Initial Notes for tax reasons) on a Series by Series basis, and thus redemption is not required to 
take place in relation all Series of Initial Notes. 
10.4. Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Provided that no Trigger Event or Event of Default (or trigger event or event of default under the 
EIB Facility Agreement) would result from early redemption of the Notes, if the Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if 
any) to such date, plus any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable 
pursuant to Condition 9.1(c), on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the holders of the relevant Series of Notes and having notified the Notes Common 
Representative following the provision of such notice (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date).

--- Page 251 ---
251 
10.5. Make-Whole Call Option 
If the Make-Whole Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Make-Whole Call 
Option Redemption Date at the relevant Make-Whole Call Option Redemption Amount, together 
with accrued interest (if any) to such date plus, if specified in the section “Make-Whole Call Option” 
of the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Redemption Premium Amount calculated as 
foreseen therein, on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders and having notified the Notes Common Representative at least one Business Day prior 
to the provision of such notice (which notice shall be revocable, by means of a notice given to the 
Noteholders and notified to the Notes Common Representative prior to the Make-Whole Call 
Option Redemption Date, as required by the relevant Interbolsa procedures). 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.5 (Make-Whole Call Option): 
“Determination Agent” means an independent financial institution of international repute, or 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise, appointed by the Issuer in good faith at 
its own expense, in prior consultation with the Notes Common Representative and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 21 (Notices); 
“Make-Whole Call Option” means the applicability or non-applicability of the call option described 
in this Condition 10.5 (Make-Whole Call Option), as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Make-Whole Call Option Redemption Amount” means an amount calculated by the 
Determination Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed, or (y) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued but 
unpaid on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Call Option Redemption Date), in 
each case discounted to such Make-Whole Call Option Redemption Date, on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Reference Security Rate plus a Make-Whole Spread;  
“Make-Whole Redemption Calculation Date” means the date falling six Business Days prior to the 
Make Whole Call Option Redemption Date or as otherwise set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Make-Whole Call Option Redemption Date” means the date, being a Business Day, set by the 
Issuer to redeem at any time prior to their Notes Maturity Date all, but not some only, of the Notes 
in the notice to the Noteholders referred in the first paragraph of Condition 10.5 (Make-Whole Call 
Option); 
“Make-Whole Reference Date” means the earlier of (i) the Notes Maturity Date, and (ii) the 
Optional Redemption Date (if applicable); 
“Make-Whole Spread” shall be set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Quotation Time” shall be set out in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 252 ---
252 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if the 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a security determined by the Determination Agent to 
be a Similar Security at the relevant time on the Make-Whole Redemption Calculation Date, quoted 
in writing by the Determination Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices); 
“Reference Security Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Security Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Security Dealer 
and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Security (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Make-Whole Redemption Calculation Date, 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Security Dealer; 
“Reference Security Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Security Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Security Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Security Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average 
of all such quotations; 
“Reference Security Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Security, assuming a price for the 
Reference Security (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference 
Security Price for such date of Redemption. 
The Reference Security Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 21 
(Notices), no later than the Make-Whole Redemption Calculation Date; 
“Remaining Term Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes. 
10.6. Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 10.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes shall be redeemed (and any other amount 
payable to the holders of such Notes at the time of such partial redemption shall be paid) on a pro

--- Page 253 ---
253 
rata basis, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, including but not limited to the applicable Interbolsa procedures. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or 
be less than the minimum so specified.] 
10.7. No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 10.1 
(Scheduled redemption) to 10.6 (Partial redemption). 
10.8. Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Notes Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price;  
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable; and 
(c) 
any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to 
Condition 9.1(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10.8 (Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
10.9. Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes so purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be held, 
cancelled or resold at the option of the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary (whichever the case may 
be), subject to compliance with all applicable laws. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at 
the option of the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary, cancelled by Interbolsa. 
Notes purchased by the Issuer will grant no voting rights to the Issuer for the time such Notes are 
held by the Issuer. 
10.10. Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer or any subsidiaries shall be forthwith cancelled by Interbolsa. All 
Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 10.9 (Purchase)

--- Page 254 ---
254 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
10.11. Exchange to be informed 
The Issuer shall inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any Notes redeemed before the relevant 
Notes Maturity Date, pursuant to this Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase), if required under 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s rules. 
10.12. Interbolsa to be informed  
The Issuer shall, promptly upon becoming aware thereof, give notice to Interbolsa in accordance 
with the regulations applied by Interbolsa from time to time, of the exercise of any optional 
redemption under this Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase). 
11. 
Payments 
11.1 Method of payment: Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the Noteholder with, or, at the 
option of the Noteholder, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the Noteholder or, at the option 
of the Noteholder, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
11.2 Payments in respect of Notes: Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes: 
(a) 
in euros will be: 
(i) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the 
Portuguese Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) from the payment current 
account which the Portuguese Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted 
by, Interbolsa to be used on the Portuguese Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in 
respect of securities held through Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held 
by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are 
credited with such Notes and thereafter;

--- Page 255 ---
255 
(ii) 
credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment 
current accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear 
and Clearstream to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Interbolsa and/or Euroclear and Clearstream, as the case may be; 
(b) 
in currencies other than euros will be: 
(i) 
transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and regulations 
applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the Portuguese Paying Agent in 
the Foreign Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda 
Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of 
the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter  
(ii) 
transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to 
the accounts of the owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream to 
the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa or Euroclear and 
Clearstream, as the case may be.  
The holders of Notes are reliant upon the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment in respect 
of Notes. 
11.3 General provisions applicable to payments 
The Issuer will be discharged by payment to Interbolsa in respect of each amount so paid. Each of 
the entities shown in the records of Interbolsa as the beneficial holder of a particular principal 
amount of Notes must look solely to Interbolsa for his share of each payment made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of such entity.  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be subject to Portuguese laws and 
regulations, notably the Portuguese Securities Code and the regulations from time to time issued 
and applied by the CMVM and Interbolsa.  
If the Portuguese Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, it will record a 
statement in the Book-Entry Registry indicating the amount and date of such payment in respect 
of the relevant Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 11.3 (General provisions applicable to 
payments), if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, 
such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the 
specified office of a paying agent in the United States if: (a) the Issuer has appointed a paying agent 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such paying 
agent would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United

--- Page 256 ---
256 
States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; (b) payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and (c) such 
payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 16 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2 System) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(b) 
If T2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the relevant Final Terms, a day 
on which the T2 System is open; and  
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than 
London and any Additional Financial Centre) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a 
day on which T2 System is open and Interbolsa, Clearstream and/or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, are open for general business. 
11.4 Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Initial Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 12.1 (Gross-up for Initial Notes). 
12. 
Taxation  
12.1 Gross-up for Initial Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Initial Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Issuer or any political sub-division therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax,

--- Page 257 ---
257 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Initial Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Initial Note: 
(i) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Initial Noteholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Initial Note by reason of its having 
some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of 
the Initial Note; or 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Initial Noteholder in respect of whom the information 
required in order to comply with Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended 
(“Decree-Law 193/2005”), and any implementing legislation, is not received before or on 
the relevant payment date, or which does not comply with the formalities in order to benefit 
from tax treaty benefits, when applicable; or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, an Initial Noteholder resident in a tax haven jurisdiction 
as defined in Ministerial Order 150/2004, of 13 February 2004 (Portaria do Ministério das 
Finanças e da Administração Pública 150/2004), as amended from time to time, issued by 
the Portuguese Minister of Finance with the exception of (a) central banks and 
governmental agencies, as well as international institutions recognised by the Tax 
Jurisdiction, of those tax haven jurisdictions, and (b) tax haven jurisdictions which have a 
double taxation treaty in force or a tax information exchange agreement in force with 
Portugal, provided that all procedures and information required from an Initial Noteholder 
under Decree-Law 193/2005 regarding (a) and (b) are complied with or received, as the case 
may be; or 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of (a) an Initial Noteholder resident for tax purposes in 
Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax 
(with the exception of legal persons that benefit from a waiver of Portuguese withholding 
tax or from Portuguese income tax exemptions), or (b) an Initial Noteholder not resident in 
Portugal acting with respect to the holding of the Notes through a permanent 
establishment located in Portugal (with the exception of permanent establishments that 
benefit from a waiver of Portuguese withholding tax); or 
(v) 
to a third party on behalf of undisclosed effective beneficiaries of the income. 
12.2 No gross-up for Notes other than Initial Notes 
Without prejudice to Condition 12.1 (Gross-up for Initial Notes), all payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes (other than the Initial Notes) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be

--- Page 258 ---
258 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law or 
regulation. In such event, the Issuer shall not be required to pay to the Noteholders such additional 
amounts and the Noteholders shall receive the net amounts after such withholding or deduction, 
as required by law.  
12.3 Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Issuer’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, references in these Conditions to the Tax Jurisdiction shall be 
construed as references to both the Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation and/ or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
Trigger Events 
The occurrence and cessation of Trigger Events and the procedures applicable following the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event are governed by the applicable provisions of the Common Terms 
Agreement, as described in “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents – Common Terms 
Agreement”. 
14. 
Events of Default 
The occurrence and cessation of Events of Default and the procedures applicable following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default are governed by the applicable provisions of the Common Terms 
Agreement, as described in “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents – Common Terms 
Agreement”. 
No Event of Default shall occur solely due to the occurrence of any applicable Step Up Event, Step 
Down Event and/or Redemption Premium Event, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or 
redeem such Notes as a result of the occurrence of a Step Up Event, Step Down Event and/or 
Redemption Premium Event. 
15. 
Acceleration 
15.1 Proceedings 
Subject to the Senior Creditors Entrenched Rights and Senior Creditors Retained Rights, the 
Intercreditor Agent may, and shall if so directed by the Majority Senior Creditors at any time whilst 
an Event of Default (other than a Major Default) is subsisting, by notice to the Issuer (with copy to 
the Account Banks): 
(a) 
demand that all or part of the amounts outstanding under the Notes together with accrued 
interest and any other amounts accrued under the Notes (and all or part of the amounts

--- Page 259 ---
259 
outstanding under the Senior Debt Agreements together with accrued interest and any 
other amounts accrued under the Finance Documents), be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or 
(b) 
declare all or part of the Notes to be payable on demand together with accrued interest and 
all other amounts accrued under the Notes (and all or part of the Senior Debt together with 
accrued interest and all other amounts accrued under the Senior Debt Agreements), shall 
immediately become due and payable on demand by the Intercreditor Agent; and/or 
(c) 
cancel any outstanding commitment under the Senior Debt Agreements. 
15.2 Amounts immediately due and payable 
After the occurrence of a Major Default which is subsisting, the Senior Creditors (other than EIB, 
which, after the occurrence of a Major Default or an event of default under the EIB Facility 
Agreement which is subsisting, may by notice to the Issuer, through the Intercreditor Agent, 
demand that all part of the amounts outstanding under the EIB Facility Agreement together with 
accrued interest, be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due 
and payable) may, by notice to the Issuer, on the basis of a decision of Senior Creditors accounting 
for more than 66.67 per cent. of principal outstanding of Senior Debt (other than Senior Debt 
outstanding under the EIB Facility Agreement), immediately demand that all part of the amounts 
outstanding under the Notes and the relevant Senior Debt Agreements together with accrued 
interest, be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and 
payable. 
15.3 Waived Acceleration 
Neither the Intercreditor Agent (acting on instructions of the Senior Creditors), EIB or the Senior 
Creditors (other than EIB), as applicable, may declare an Acceleration in respect of any Event of 
Default, event of default under the EIB Facility Agreement or Major Default (as applicable) which 
has been waived by the Intercreditor Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Senior 
Creditors), EIB or the Senior Creditors (other than EIB), as applicable, to the extent and for the 
period of such waiver. 
15.4 Enforcement 
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and without prejudice to the Senior Creditors 
Entrenched Rights or the Senior Creditors Retained Rights, the Security Agent may, and shall if so 
directed by the Majority Senior Creditors, at any time after an acceleration of any Senior Debt by 
the EIB or by the Senior Creditors, as applicable, by notice to the Issuer: 
(a) 
enforce all or part of the Security Interests under the Security Agreement following the 
acceleration of any Senior Debt; and/or 
(b) 
give any notice to the Account Bank or take any action or enforce any right under the

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Accounts Agreement; and/or 
(c) 
call on any Debt Service L/C. 
15.5 Information on enforcement procedures 
Following an acceleration notice under this Condition 15 (Acceleration) and, at all times during the 
enforcement of all or part of the Security Interests created under the Security Agreement, the 
Agents shall keep the Noteholders (represented for this purpose by the Notes Common 
Representative) fully informed on the progress of those enforcement proceedings and shall comply 
with any instructions issued by the Senior Creditors in connection therewith. 
16. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Certificates are surrendered within 20 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Certificates are surrendered within 5 years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
17. 
Agents 
In acting under the Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Paying Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. The Paying Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which 
it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent. 
Each initial Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are listed below. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a 
successor Paying Agent and additional or successor paying agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or 
any other relevant authority); and 
 (b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in Portugal capable of making payment in respect 
of the Notes as contemplated by these terms and conditions of the Notes, the Agency 
Agreement and applicable Portuguese law and regulation. 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agent or in its Specified Office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
18. 
Notes Common Representative 
The Notes Common Representative has been appointed, pursuant to article 358 of the Portuguese

--- Page 261 ---
261 
Companies Code, by a resolution of the Initial Noteholders and the holders of any additional Notes 
issued under the Programme will adhere to the terms of the Notes Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement and accept being so represented by the Notes Common Representative. 
The Noteholders may dismiss and substitute the Notes Common Representative (if any) by means 
of an Extraordinary Resolution. Upon the appointment of a new Notes Common Representative by 
the Noteholders, any previously appointed and dismissed Notes Common Representative will 
immediately cease its engagement and will be under the obligation immediately to transfer to the 
new Notes Common Representative appointed by the Noteholders all documents and information 
then held by such Notes Common Representative pertaining to the Notes. 
The Notes Common Representative shall be a law firm, an audit firm, a financial intermediary, an 
entity authorised to provide investor representation services in a Member State or an individual 
person with full legal capacity (even if not a holder of Notes), in accordance with article 357 of the 
Portuguese Companies Code. 
The appointment and capacity of the Notes Common Representative is regulated by the provisions 
of the Portuguese Companies Code and by the Notes Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, which is available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/). 
19. 
Ordinary Decisions and Noteholders meetings 
19.1 Notes Common Representative Appointment Agreement and Intercreditor Agreement 
The Notes Common Representative Appointment Agreement contains provisions in relation to 
Noteholders meetings and Schedule V of the Intercreditor Agreement contains provisions in 
relation to Ordinary Decisions and Special Decisions. 
19.2 Ordinary Decisions 
19.2.1 Noteholders may individually be called to opine on a given matter whenever the Intercreditor 
Agent posts a notice (“Ordinary Decision Notice”) for such purpose on the Investor Website 
specifying:  
(i) 
the matter to be decided upon; 
(ii) 
that the decision required is an Ordinary Decision;  
(iii) 
whether the matter gives rise to an Entrenched Right or a Retained Right for any of the 
Senior Creditors;  
(iv) 
how the Senior Creditors may participate in the Ordinary Decision (the convening notice 
may either detail the applicable procedures or refer to the Investor Website section where 
these procedures may from time to time be consulted by the Senior Creditors); and  
(v) 
the date by which a decision is required, which will be no less than 15 and no more than 30 
days after the posting of the notice by the Intercreditor Agent.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
19.2.2 Each Noteholder may only express its opinion in respect of proposals subject to Ordinary Decisions 
by way of Block Voting Instruction. 
19.2.3 Opinions expressed by the Noteholders in relation to Ordinary Decisions will not contribute to a 
Noteholders’ resolution and, therefore, no minimum number of Noteholders opining in respect of 
an Ordinary Decision is required in order for the opinions issued by the Noteholders to be valued 
as described in 18.4.2. 
19.3 Noteholders’ meetings 
19.3.1 A Noteholders’ meeting may be convened at any time by the Notes Common Representative or, if 
no Notes Common Representative is appointed or if the Notes Common Representative refuses to 
convene the meeting, by the chairman of the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer. 
19.3.2 A meeting of Noteholders must be convened by the Notes Common Representative or, if no Notes 
Common Representative is appointed or if the Notes Common Representative refuses to convene 
the meeting, by the chairman of the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whenever the Notes Common Representative (or the chairman of the general meeting of 
shareholders of the Issuer, as applicable) receives from the Intercreditor Agent a notice 
(“Special Decision Notice”), which shall also be served to each Senior Creditor (other than 
the Noteholders), specifying:  
(i) 
the matter to be decided upon; 
(ii) 
that the decision required is a Special Decision;  
(iii) 
whether the matter gives rise to an Entrenched Right or a Retained Right for any 
class of Senior Creditors;  
(iv) 
how the Senior Creditors may participate in the Special Decision; and  
(v) 
the date by which a decision is required, which will be no less than 45 and no more 
than 60 days after the notice issued by the Intercreditor Agent. 
(b) 
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the outstanding Notes. 
19.3.3 Within 2 Business Days upon receiving a Special Decision Notice, the Notes Common 
Representative (or the chairman of the general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, as 
applicable) shall convene a Noteholders’ meeting to approve a Special Decision.  
19.3.4 Each Noteholder may only vote proposals subject to Resolutions or Extraordinary Resolutions by 
way of Block Voting Instruction. 
19.3.5 The quorum required to hold a meeting of Noteholders will be, in relation to each Series of Notes:

--- Page 263 ---
263 
(a) 
if the matter at stake is to be decided by way of a Resolution, any person or persons holding 
or representing Notes then outstanding (except Notes held by the Issuer, if any), regardless 
of the Principal Amount Outstanding thereof; or 
(b) 
if the matter at stake is to be decided by way of an Extraordinary Resolution, a person or 
persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the relevant Series of Notes (except Notes held by the Issuer, if any) or, at any adjourned 
meeting, any person or persons holding or representing any of the Notes then outstanding 
(except Notes held by the Issuer, if any), regardless of the Principal Amount Outstanding 
thereof. 
19.3.6 The number of votes required to pass a Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may 
be, will be, in relation to each Series of Notes: 
(a) 
if the matter at stake is to be decided by way of a Resolution, the majority of the votes cast 
at the relevant meeting; 
(b) 
if the matter at stake is to be decided by way of an Extraordinary Resolution, except for the 
one set out in (c) below, at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
relevant Series of Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two-thirds of the votes cast at the 
relevant meeting; or 
(c) 
if in respect to an increase in the obligations of the holders of Notes, all holders of the 
relevant Series of Notes. 
19.3.7 Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions will be binding on all Noteholders holding or 
representing Notes of the same Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting or have 
voted against such Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions. 
19.4 Ordinary Decisions and Special Decisions subject to other Senior Creditors’ vote 
19.4.1 Save as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement and subject to the Entrenched Rights 
and Retained Rights of the Noteholders and the various other classes of Senior Creditors, all 
waivers, consents or approvals under any Finance Document or any amendment to the terms of 
any Finance Document (in each case, other than the Senior Debt Agreements, including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Notes Documentation) will require the consent of the Majority Senior 
Creditors, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
19.4.2 In case of an Ordinary Decision, each individual Voting Entitlement will be counted for or against 
the relevant proposal for the purposes of determining the Majority Senior Creditors’ position. At 
any rate, a quorum requirement will be set for an Ordinary Decision, with Senior Creditors (other 
than EIB) representing at least 10 per cent. of the Senior Debt (other than the Senior Debt 
outstanding under the EIB Facility Agreement) having opined in relation to the matter to which the 
Ordinary Decision Notice refers. Otherwise, no Ordinary Decision may be approved.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
19.4.3 In case of a Special Decision, each Voting Entitlement will be counted for or against the relevant 
proposal for the purposes of determining the Majority Senior Creditor position, provided that the 
aforementioned quorum and majority provisions have been complied with in passing the relevant 
Extraordinary Resolution. 
19.4.4 If the Notes Common Representative does not notify the Intercreditor Agent of the result of a 
Noteholders’ meeting in relation to a Special Decision by the relevant date, the respective Voting 
Entitlement will be excluded for the purposes of determining whether the requisite voting levels 
have been attained in relation to a decision of the Senior Creditors. 
19.5 Modification and Waiver 
19.5.1 The Notes Common Representative may concur with the Issuer and any Finance Party or any other 
parties to the Notes Documentation to a rectification or modification to the Notes Documentation 
or Combined Finance Documents, or waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach of any 
Notes Documentation or Combined Finance Document in the name and on behalf of the 
Noteholders, provided that any such rectification, modification, waiver or authorisation (except if 
contrary to mandatory provisions of Portuguese law): 
(i) 
is acknowledged by a Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be); or  
(ii) 
is, in the reasonable opinion of the Notes Common Representative, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or made to correct a manifest error. 
19.5.2 In addition, the parties to the Paying Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, save that the Notes Common Representative shall only agree to such modification without 
the consent of the Noteholders if, in the opinion of the Notes Common Representative, such 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and, unless the Notes 
Common Representative agrees otherwise, shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter.  
19.5.3 For the avoidance of doubt, no consent from the Notes Common Representative shall be required 
to modify the Notes Documentation in connection with giving effect to any Benchmark 
Amendments. 
19.6 Notification 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver or authorisation in accordance with this Condition 19 
(Ordinary Decisions and Noteholders’ meetings) shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be 
notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter, in accordance with 
Condition 21 (Notices).

--- Page 265 ---
265 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon) so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
21. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given on the date of their publication 
if published (i) in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Portugal (which is expected to be 
Diário de Notícias) or by any other way which complies with the Portuguese Securities Code and 
Interbolsa’s rules on notices to investors, notably the disclosure of information through the 
CMVM’s official website (https://www.cmvm.pt/), and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and as 
long as the rules of such exchange so requires, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, https://www.luxse.com/. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the 
Tageblatt or any other applicable leading daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg. So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will 
also request that notices to holders of the Notes be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on 
which the Notes are, for the time, being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of its first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of its first publication in all 
required newspapers, and, in the case of publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, on the date of such publication. Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing 
and may be given to the Portuguese Paying Agent through Interbolsa in such manner as the 
Portuguese Paying Agent and Interbolsa may approve for this purpose. 
22. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
22.1 Application 
This Condition 22 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is applicable to the 
Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
22.2 Notice of redenomination 
If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its intention to become, a 
Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at 
least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents and having notified the Notes

--- Page 266 ---
266 
Common Representative prior to the provision of such notice, designate a date (the 
“Redenomination Date”), which shall be the first Interest Payment Date under the Notes falling 
on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating Member State (or the relevant 
Notes Maturity Date, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes), as from which the Notes shall be 
redenominated in euro. 
22.3 Redenomination 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the Redenomination 
Date:  
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the denomination of Euro 0.01 
with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into Euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into 
Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Community 
regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Notes Common Representative then market practice in respect of the redenomination into 
Euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified Currency will 
become void on the date (the “Euro Exchange Date”) on which the Issuer gives notice (the 
“Euro Exchange Notice”) to the Noteholders that replacement Notes denominated in Euro 
are available for exchange (provided that such Notes are available) and no payments will be 
made in respect thereof, but all other obligations of the Issuer thereunder (including the 
obligation to exchange such Notes in accordance with this Condition 22 (Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning)) shall remain in full force and effect;  
(c) 
new Notes denominated in Euro will be issued in exchange for Notes denominated in the 
Specified Currency in such manner as the Notes Common Representative may specify and 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Euro Exchange Notice; and 
(d) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date is on or 
after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of the Euro, payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made 
solely in Euro by cheque drawn on, or by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the principal financial centre of any Member State of the European Communities.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
22.4 Interest 
Following redenomination pursuant to this Condition 22 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and 
Reconventioning), the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes issued will be calculated by 
reference to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes. 
22.5 Interest Determination Date 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the Interest 
Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET Settlement Day before the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
23.1 Governing law 
The Notes shall be construed in accordance with Portuguese law. 
23.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Portugal are to 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes may be brought in such courts.  
23.3 Waiver 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the Portuguese courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction.  
23.4 Proceedings outside Portugal 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in 
any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or 
not.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CONCESSION CONTRACT 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Concession Contract (defined below). It does not 
purport to be a complete description of the Concession Contract and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to the full text of the Concession Contract, the current terms of which have been established 
by Decree-Law no. 294/97, dated 24 October 1997 as amended from time to time and as republished by 
Decree-Law no. 247-C/2008, of 30 December 2008. 
General 
The Issuer builds, operates and maintains a system of toll motorways in Portugal pursuant to a concession 
contract which was in effect between Brisa and the Portuguese State from 1972 to 2010, as amended 
periodically and currently in effect between the Issuer and the Portuguese State in the version approved 
by the Ministerial Order (“Resolução do Conselho de Ministros”) 198-B/2008, of 31 December 2008 (the 
“Concession Contract”). In accordance with Clause 40 of the Concession Contract, Brisa transferred the 
Main Concession to the Issuer on or about the Signing Date. 
The Concession Contract is an administrative contract under Portuguese law. The Portuguese State has 
the right unilaterally to amend the contents of the Concession Contract or terminate the concession 
granted pursuant to the Concession Contract (the “Main Concession”) by reasons of public interest as 
long as the Issuer is fully compensated. 
The scheduled termination date of the Concession Contract is 31 December 2035. 
Scope of the Main Concession 
Pursuant to the Concession Contract, the Main Concession is granted to the Issuer with respect to the 
motorways listed therein, and all infrastructure works (bridges, tunnels, over and underpasses, viaducts, 
etc.), machinery, service areas, equipment, junctions, toll plazas, service buildings and other properties 
connected with the operation and maintenance of the motorways subject to the Main Concession (the 
“Concession Properties”, expression that excludes non-revertible fixed assets of the Issuer that are not 
directly related to the operation or maintenance of the motorways). Expropriated lands are property of 
the Portuguese State and are for the exclusive benefit of the Issuer in order to fulfil its obligations under 
the Concession Contract. Upon termination of the Main Concession, control of Concession Properties, 
together with the right to operate the motorways under the Main Concession and to collect toll revenues, 
is the exclusive right of the Portuguese State. The scope and terms of the Main Concession may be 
amended by mutual consent of the Portuguese State and the Issuer. 
Construction 
The Concession Contract sets out a detailed investment plan and the dates by which projects should be 
completed. At the request of the Issuer, for good cause, and following the approval of a resolution by the 
Council of Ministers of Portugal (a “Cabinet Resolution”), the completion date of any particular project 
may be changed. The completion dates set out in the Concession Contract assume, inter alia, that the

--- Page 269 ---
269 
Issuer has received in due time the financial contributions for construction activities from the Portuguese 
State which it is required to provide pursuant to the Concession Contract. 
The Issuer may finance its activities through loans and bank credits obtained in both domestic and 
international markets, its own funds and through any other means available to it, together with funds 
received from the Republic of Portugal and the EU. 
The Portuguese State is obliged generally to contribute 20 per cent. of the costs pertaining to the 
construction of the operated motorways. The percentage of the Portuguese State’s contribution to the 
Issuer’s construction costs may be adjusted pursuant to a joint order of the Ministry of Finance and the 
organisation that regulates the transportation sector in Portugal, in the event that, for reasons proven 
not to be attributable to the Issuer, the actual cost of a construction project differs significantly from the 
Issuer’s projections due to unforeseen additional works or the breach of construction schedules as a result 
of an event of force majeure. 
The Concession Contract provides that the amount of the Portuguese State’s contribution to the Issuer’s 
construction costs shall be reduced by the amount of funds received from certain other sources, namely 
the EU, such that the aggregate of all such funds reaches 20 per cent. of the construction costs.  
The construction costs for which the Portuguese State is partially responsible include (i) the cost of studies 
relating to the construction projects; (ii) actual construction costs; and (iii) costs related directly to the 
equipment used to operate the motorway network and the construction of assistance centres. 
Pursuant to the Concession Contract, the Portuguese State will only be obliged to contribute to cost 
overruns which do not exceed 15 per cent. of the original cost estimate when these are related to a 
motorway construction or 10 per cent. of the original cost estimate when they correspond to ancillary 
work (e.g. an overpass). These percentages may be increased in certain situations when authorised by the 
Minister of Finance and by the ministry responsible for overseeing road transportation (currently the 
Ministry of Public Works, Transportation and Communications), after a justified request for such purpose 
has been presented by BRISA and an investigation carried out by the Infraestruturas de Portugal and the 
Inspecção Geral de Finanças. 
Tax Exemption 
Decree-Law no. 287/99, of 28 July 1999, implemented some changes to the Concession Contract and to 
the tax benefits that apply to Brisa. Pursuant to these amendments, investments made on certain 
motorways before 2002 will be eligible for a 50 per cent. tax deduction and such amounts will be 
deductible in tax years 2006 and 2007. Some depreciation of deferred costs will also be considered as 
costs for tax purposes. 
New Lane Construction 
The Issuer is required to increase the number of lanes on the toll motorways on the following terms: 
• 
on motorway sections where there are two lanes in each direction, one additional lane, in each

--- Page 270 ---
270 
direction to come into operation by the end of the second year in which the annual average volume 
of daily traffic on such sections reaches 35,000 vehicles; and 
• 
on motorway sections where there are three lanes in each direction, one additional lane in each 
direction to come into operation by the end of the second year in which the annual average volume 
of daily traffic on such sections reaches 60,000 vehicles. 
The Portuguese State may, following a justified request by the Issuer in the event that increasing lanes on 
certain sections or subsections of the Main Concession motorways is inadvisable for technical and 
economic reasons, authorise the building of new toll motorways to replace six-lane motorways in order 
to form alternative routes for traffic for these sections. The Concession Contract provides that, as of 1 July 
1997, the creation of new lanes shall not be financed by the Portuguese State except in cases where the 
increase of lanes relates to toll free motorway sections, in which case the Portuguese State will be 
required to pay 100 per cent. of the construction costs. 
Tariff Rates 
The tariff rates are determined on the basis of two factors: the class of vehicle and the distance in 
kilometres of the applicable motorway section. 
The Concession Contract provides the following classes of vehicles: 
• 
Class I vehicles include motorcycles and vehicles whose height, vertically measured at the first axle 
level, is less than 1.1 metres with or without trailer (e.g. a passenger car); 
• 
Class II vehicles include vehicles with two axles and whose height, vertically measured at the first 
axle is equal to or exceeding 1.1 metres (e.g. a light-weight truck); 
• 
Class III vehicles include vehicles with three axles and whose height, vertically measured at the first 
axle is equal to or exceeding 1.1 metres (e.g. a heavy truck); and 
• 
Class IV vehicles include vehicles with more than three axles and whose height, vertically measured 
at the first axle is equal to or exceeding 1.1 metres. 
Pursuant to the Concession Contract, the ratio of tariff rates charged on Class I and Class IV vehicles may 
not exceed a maximum of 1:2.5 without prior authorisation from the Minister of Finance and from the 
ministry responsible for overseeing road transportation. An increase in tariff rates would first require a 
proposal from the Issuer and a favourable opinion from EP. 
The Concession Contract provides that the maximum tariff rate per kilometre on new motorways and 
motorway sections placed into operation will be the amount calculated by adjusting Euro 0.051 by 90 per 
cent. of the annual increase in the Índice de Preços no Consumidor (the “IPC” – a consumer price index, 
which excludes housing costs, for Continental Portugal) inflation index since December 1996. 
Adjustment of Tariff Rates 
Under the terms of the Concession Contract, the Issuer may, on an annual basis, adjust tariff rates in

--- Page 271 ---
271 
accordance with inflation by a percentage not exceeding 90 per cent. of the annual percentage increase 
in the IPC inflation index of the previous year. If the increase is contained within this limit, then no 
approval from Portugal is required. 
In line with a reclassification of vehicles and the allocation to the Classes mentioned in the preceding 
section, the adjustment of tariff rates in accordance with inflation may, on an exceptional basis and during 
the years 2006-2011 (inclusive), step up to 100 per cent. of the annual percentage increase in the IPC 
inflation index of the previous year. 
The Issuer may request, 60 days prior to the date on which the new tariffs are valid, that the Ministry of 
Finance and the ministry responsible for overseeing road transportation approve a tariff rate increase 
higher than the increase that would result from the application of the above formula whenever, in the 
Issuer’s determination, such an increase is warranted by changes in the economic terms of the Concession 
Contract or unpredictable financial variables. 
It is possible under exceptional circumstances for the Portuguese State to propose to the Issuer that the 
adjustments of tariff rates be based on a formula other than the one described above. By 15 November 
of each year, the Issuer must notify the Ministry of Finance, through the Inspecção Geral de Finanças, of 
the indexed tariff rates to be in force the following year, together with justified calculations. 
Toll Exemptions 
The following vehicles are exempt from the payment of tolls: 
• 
vehicles registered to high-ranking members of the Portuguese Government; 
• 
vehicles in the service of the police and security forces; 
• 
fire trucks, ambulances and other emergency vehicles, when duly identified; 
• 
armed forces and security vehicles, when in a convoy; 
• 
the Issuer’s vehicles and other vehicles, when involved in activities related to the Issuer’s business; 
and 
• 
vehicles used by the Infraestruturas de Portugal and Inspecção Geral de Finanças, in activities 
related to motorway inspection. 
The Issuer may not grant additional toll exemptions, except where these are justified by reasons 
connected to the operation of the motorways and with the prior consent of Infraestruturas de Portugal 
has been obtained. 
Performance Bond 
The Concession Contract requires the Issuer to provide the Portuguese State with a performance bond 
(the “Performance Bond”) in an amount not less than Euro 53,900,000 in order to assure Brisa’s 
satisfaction of its obligations under the Concession Contract. The Performance Bond may take the form

--- Page 272 ---
272 
of funds deposited in Caixa Geral de Depósitos in cash or securities issued or guaranteed by the 
Portuguese State or in the form of a bank guarantee or insurance bond. The Performance Bond must be 
established in favour of the EP. 
The Issuer provided the full amount of the Performance Bond through bank guarantees. 
The Issuer is required to increase the amount of the Performance Bond in accordance with changes in the 
IPC. Furthermore, after every new motorway or motorway section comes into operation, funds equal to 
1 per cent. of the value of such motorway or motorway section must be added to the Performance Bond. 
The Issuer is required to increase the amount of the Performance Bond within one month of the approval 
of the financial statements on which the new motorway or motorway section first appears. 
During the last two years of the Main Concession, the Portuguese State may require the Issuer to increase 
the Performance Bond, in order to assure that the Issuer delivers the Concession Properties in perfect 
condition and without any liabilities. The Issuer can withdraw the Performance Bond within one year of 
termination of the Main Concession. 
If the Performance Bond is drawn down, the Concession Contract requires that Brisa reinstates the 
amount drawn within one month. 
The Portuguese State may draw down on the Performance Bond whenever the Issuer fails to pay any 
applicable contractual penalties or whenever Infraestruturas de Portugal is required to assume the place 
of the Issuer for the purpose of completing a given project. 
Accessory Works on the Motorways 
The Concession Contract specifies that each motorway must have the following elements, among other 
things: (i) fencing along its sides; (ii) vertical and horizontal sign posting; (iii) security equipment, especially 
crash barriers; (iv) landscaping; (v) lighting of interchanges, toll plazas and service areas; (vi) 
telecommunications equipment; and (vii) anti-pollution and noise reduction equipment. 
Expropriation of private property 
The Issuer, acting on behalf of the Portuguese State, is responsible under the Concession Contract for the 
expropriation of the private properties necessary for the construction of the motorways subject to the 
Main Concession. The parcels of land to be expropriated will be identified in the plotting plans approved 
by the ministry responsible for overseeing road transportation. 
The expropriations carried out by the Issuer are subject to current Portuguese legislation on 
expropriations, in particular, the Código das Expropriações, approved by Law no. 168/99 of 18 September 
1999, as amended (the “Expropriation Code”). 
Special powers of the Portuguese State 
In addition to the general powers of the Portuguese State described above, the Portuguese State may 
vary technical specifications of the works required to be completed by the Issuer. The Portuguese State

--- Page 273 ---
273 
may also require the Issuer to make modifications to the works already constructed. In the event that the 
Issuer proves that the alterations required by the Portuguese State are prejudicial to the Issuer, the 
Concession Contract provides that the Issuer has the right to receive compensation in an amount agreed 
between the Issuer and the Portuguese State. Infraestruturas de Portugal can intervene to ask 
modifications. Infraestruturas de Portugal also has the authority to determine the time period and 
conditions in which these alterations or modifications are to be carried out. 
Maintenance Obligations 
The Issuer has an obligation to keep the motorways subject to the Main Concession in a good state of 
repair and condition. This requirement extends not only to the motorways but also to the access roads, 
interchanges, recreational areas, service areas and overpasses. The Issuer has the responsibility during 
the life of the Main Concession to carry out all maintenance works which are necessary for the motorways, 
motorway junctions and motorway service areas to satisfy fully the purposes for which they were 
intended. 
The supervisory personnel of Infraestruturas de Portugal are responsible for verifying the conditions of 
the Issuer’s motorways, and the Issuer must carry out such repairs and improvements as these officials 
deem necessary. 
Motorway Service Areas 
The Concession Contract requires that service areas be constructed on the Issuer’s motorways at least 
every 50 kilometres. The Issuer may enter into agreements with third parties for the financing, 
construction and operation of such service areas. 
Emergency Assistance for Motorists 
The Issuer has an obligation to ensure emergency assistance is available for users of motorways subject 
to the Main Concession. Specifically, the Issuer must provide breakdown assistance and establish a 
telecommunications network along its motorways so that motorists can request such assistance. In 
addition, the Issuer is required to implement systems for traffic monitoring, accident prevention and the 
provision of warning information to motorists. 
Reversion of the Concession Properties to Portugal 
Upon the expiry of the Main Concession, all of the rights of the Issuer arising under the Concession 
Contract will cease and the Concession Properties will be surrendered to the Portuguese State, in good 
repair and condition and free of charge or encumbrance. 
In the event that repairs are necessary, Infraestruturas de Portugal shall manage the execution of such 
work in order to return the motorways to a good state of repair and condition. Expenses for any such 
repairs will be subtracted from the Performance Bond or charged to the Issuer in the event the 
Performance Bond is insufficient to cover such expenses.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
The Portuguese State has a right of first refusal to purchase the Issuer’s non-real estate assets, which are 
not included in the Concession Properties but are related to the operation of the Main Concession. 
Sub-Concessions and Transfers 
The Issuer is not permitted, without the previous authorisation of the Portuguese State, to enter into a 
sub-concession contract or to transfer the Main Concession in whole or in part. 
In the event that the Portuguese State permits the Issuer to enter into a sub-Concession Contract, the 
Issuer will nevertheless maintain all rights and remain subject to all liabilities stemming from the 
Concession Contract. If the Issuer is permitted to transfer the Main Concession, the new Concession 
holder shall assume all of the Issuer’s duties, obligations and responsibilities under the Concession 
Contract and the duties, obligations and responsibilities that eventually may be imposed on the Issuer as 
a condition for the authorisation of the transfer by the Portuguese State. 
Contractual penalties 
In the event that the Issuer fails to comply with the terms of the Concession Contract or the lawful 
determination of any supervising authority the Portuguese State has the right to either apply contractual 
penalties or, in certain circumstances, to revoke the Concession Contract before the end of the Main 
Concession period. 
Contractual penalties may vary between a minimum of Euro 4,988 and a maximum of Euro 99,760 for 
each breach or for each day of delay in compliance with the Concession Contract, depending upon the 
severity of the breach, and such minimum and maximum values will be adjusted each year for inflation in 
accordance with the IPC of the previous year. The Performance Bond may be used for the payment of 
penalties; however, the Issuer must reinstate the full value of the Performance Bond prior to the 
drawdown no later than one month after it is drawn upon. If the Performance Bond is not sufficient to 
pay the penalties assessed against the Issuer, the remaining penalty may be charged directly against the 
Issuer. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, Infraestruturas de Portugal may on a temporary basis replace the 
Issuer in the execution of any activity, repair work, operation work or other activity which has been 
interrupted for the account and responsibility of the Issuer. 
Optional early revocation of the Concession Contract during the last five years of the Contract Agreement 
Pursuant to the Concession Contract, during the last five years of the concession period the Portuguese 
State has the right to revoke the Concession Contract at any time after giving the Issuer one year’s notice. 
In such event, the Portuguese State will assume all rights and responsibilities of the Issuer related to the 
operation and maintenance of the motorways subject to the Main Concession which result from 
agreements entered into before the Issuer was notified of the early revocation of the Concession Contract. 
Any new obligations assumed during the period between the notification of revocation and the

--- Page 275 ---
275 
Portuguese State’s assumption of the Main Concession shall only bind the Portuguese State if the 
Portuguese State has approved them beforehand. 
In the event of an early revocation of the Concession Contract, the Issuer will be entitled to the following 
compensation: 
(i) 
an annual sum payable up to the end of the normal concession period equal to the average net 
operating income for the seven years preceding the notice of revocation, which figure shall be 
derived by deducting from the gross income of the Issuer its administration, maintenance and 
operating costs; and 
(ii) 
a sum equivalent to the value of any new works carried out with the approval of the Portuguese 
State after notification of revocation, deducting from such sum one-seventh of the value of such 
works for each year which has passed since the works were completed. 
The compensation value referred to in (i) above will not include the value of the works referred to in (ii) 
above and the charges related to such works. The total amount of the compensation payment will be 
established by an arbitration committee comprised of an arbitrator appointed by the Issuer, an arbitrator 
appointed by the Portuguese State and an arbitrator appointed by both parties, or in the absence of 
agreement, by the president of the Lisbon Court of Appeal. 
Revocation of the Concession Contract 
If the Issuer breaches any of its obligations under the Concession Contract in a serious or repeated 
manner, the Portuguese State may revoke the Concession Contract. 
The Concession Contract may be revoked for various reasons, including but not limited to: 
• 
abandonment of the construction, operation or maintenance of the motorways subject to the 
Main Concession; 
• 
a judicial declaration of bankruptcy against the Issuer; 
• 
a breach of any obligations in connection with the application of a penalty; 
• 
failure to supply or replace the Performance Bond under the established terms and within the 
established time limits; 
• 
the assignment or transfer of the Main Concession, in whole or in part, without prior authorisation; 
• 
failure to fulfil decisions issued by a competent court; and 
• 
repeated failure to comply with the decisions of the supervising authorities, which is detrimental 
to the construction or operation of the motorways subject to the Main Concession. 
In case of revocation of the Concession Contract for breach, the Issuer will forfeit the Performance Bond. 
In case of such revocation, the value of the Concession Property is to be evaluated by an arbitral 
committee and a new concessionaire will then be selected by auction.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
Force Majeure 
The Concession Contract provides that the Issuer will not be responsible for breaches of the Concession 
Contract in proven cases of force majeure. 
Dispute resolution 
Disputes as to the validity, interpretation and performance of the Concession Contract are to be resolved 
by a competent court. The Issuer and Portugal may, however, agree to submit disputes to arbitration.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general financing 
requirements or to meet any other purpose defined by the Issuer in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
TAXATION  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. This section (Taxation) contains information on the 
taxation treatment of the Notes. However, prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their 
tax advisers on the tax consequences, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident, of a 
purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipts deriving from interest, as 
well as from the sale or redemption of Notes. 
The following descriptions are general summaries of certain taxation matters based on applicable law and 
practice currently in effect in the relevant jurisdictions. Nothing in this section constitutes tax, legal or 
financial advice, and the summaries contained herein are of a general nature and do not cover all aspects 
of taxation in the relevant jurisdictions that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications for them of an 
investment in the Notes. 
Portuguese Taxation 
Economic benefits derived from interest, amortisation, reimbursement premiums and other instances of 
remuneration arising from the Notes are designated as investment income for Portuguese tax purposes. 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the difference between the redemption value and the subscription cost 
is qualified as investment income and is also subject to Portuguese income tax. 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes or of any other debt securities are qualified as capital gains 
for Portuguese tax purposes. 
General tax regime applicable to debt securities 
Investment income on the Notes paid to holders of Notes (“Noteholders”) who are legal persons resident 
in the Portuguese territory or non-resident legal persons with a permanent establishment therein to 
which income is attributable, is subject to withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent., which is treated as a 
payment on account of the final tax due. Withholding tax waivers apply to collective investment 
undertakings incorporated under Portuguese law, Portuguese resident financial institutions (or non-
resident financial institutions having a permanent establishment in the Portuguese territory to which 
income is attributable) and other entities as specified by current Portuguese tax law.  
However, investment income paid or made available to accounts held by one or more parties acting on 
behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., 
unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and, as a consequence, the general 
tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
If the payment of interest or other investment income on Notes is made available to Portuguese resident 
individuals, a withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that income unless 
the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive income

--- Page 279 ---
279 
tax rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, an additional income tax will be due on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding Euro 80,000, as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding Euro 80,000 up to Euro 250,000 and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable 
income exceeding Euro 250,000.  
However, investment income paid or made available to accounts held by one or more parties acting on 
behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 per cent., 
unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and, as a consequence, the general 
tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
Investment income on the Notes paid to Noteholders considered as non-resident in Portuguese territory 
(and having no permanent establishment therein to which income is attributable) is subject to final 
withholding tax at a flat rate of 25 per cent. (in the case of non-resident legal persons), at a rate of 28 per 
cent. (in the case of non-resident individuals) or at a rate of 35 per cent. (in the case of investment income 
payments (i) to individuals or companies domiciled in a “low tax jurisdiction” list approved by Ministerial 
Order (Portaria) 150/2004 of 13 February, as amended, or (ii) to accounts opened in the name of one or 
more accountholders acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties, in which the relevant 
beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are not identified, as the case may be). The above withholding tax 
rates may be reduced in accordance with any applicable double taxation treaty entered into by Portugal, 
subject to compliance with certain procedures and certification requirements of the Portuguese tax 
authorities, aimed at verifying non-resident status and eligibility for the respective tax treaty benefits. 
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of the Notes by Noteholders that are non-resident legal persons 
with no permanent establishment in Portugal to which the gains are attributable are, as a rule, exempt 
from corporate income tax. The exemption from income tax liability does not apply to such non-residents 
if: (a) more than 25 per cent. of its share capital is held, either directly or indirectly, by Portuguese 
residents, or (b) its residence is in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax 
regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004, of 
13 February 2004, as amended. 
Regarding item (a) above, capital gains are still exempt if the following requirements are cumulatively 
met: (i) the beneficial owner is resident in an EU Member State, in an EEA Member State which is bound 
to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the 
exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States, or in a 
country with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force which foresees the exchange of information; 
(ii) the beneficial owner is subject to and not exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of Council Directive 
2011/96/EU of 30 November 2011 on the common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent 
companies and subsidiaries of different Member States, as amended, or from a tax of a similar nature 
with a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese IRC rate (currently 12.6 per cent.); (iii) the 
beneficial owner holds, directly or indirectly, for at least 1 year uninterruptedly, at least 10 per cent. of 
the share capital or voting rights of the entity disposed; and (iv) the beneficial owner is not part of an

--- Page 280 ---
280 
arrangement or series of arrangements which have been put into place for the main purpose or one of 
the main purposes of obtaining a tax advantage. Although the abovementioned cumulative requirements 
have been in full force since 31 March 2016 and apply to securities in general, the law is not clear on its 
application for the holder of debt securities to benefit from the relevant capital gain tax exemption, seeing 
as some of the alluded requirements appear not to apply to debt securities. 
Whenever said exemption does not apply, capital gains are subject to taxation at a 25 per cent. flat rate. 
Under the double taxation conventions entered into by Portugal, Portugal as the State of Source is usually 
restricted in its taxation powers to tax such gains, and hence those gains are not generally subject to 
Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case-by-case basis.  
Capital gains obtained on the disposal of the Notes by Noteholders that are individuals not resident in a 
country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax 
jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) 150/2004, of 13 February, as amended, and 
that do not have a permanent establishment in Portugal to which the income is attributable are exempt 
from personal income tax. Capital gains obtained by individuals that are not entitled to said exemption 
will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate. 
Investment income (including interest) derived from the Notes and capital gains obtained by Noteholders 
that are legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which the gains are attributable are included in their taxable 
income and are subject to corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a 
small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalisation enterprise (Small Mid Cap), as established 
in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, as amended, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to Euro 
50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) 
may be added of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of 
more than Euro 1,500,000 are also subject to a State surcharge (derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on 
the part of its taxable profits exceeding Euro 1,500,000 up to Euro 7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable profits that exceeds Euro 7,500,000 up to Euro 35,000,000, and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable profits that exceeds Euro 35,000,000.  
Capital gains obtained with the transfer of Notes by Noteholders that are resident individuals are subject 
to Portuguese capital gains taxation, whereby the positive difference between such gains and gains on 
other securities and losses in securities is subject to an autonomous tax at 28 per cent., which is the final 
tax on that income unless the individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to 
tax at progressive income tax rates of up to 48 per cent. In the latter circumstance, an additional income 
tax will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding Euro 80,000, as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on 
the part of the taxable income exceeding Euro 80,000 up to Euro 250,000; and (ii) 5 per cent. on the 
remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding Euro 250,000.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
The positive difference between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration 
of shares and other securities, which includes gains obtained with the Notes, is mandatorily accumulated 
and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for less than 365 (three hundred and sixty-five) 
days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital losses, 
amounts to or exceeds Euro 78,834 (seventy-eight thousand eight hundred and thirty-four euros). 
Special debt securities tax regime 
Pursuant to Decree-Law no. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended (“Decree-Law 193/2005”), 
investment income paid on, as well as capital gains derived from, a sale or other disposition of the Notes, 
to non-Portuguese resident Noteholders will be exempt from Portuguese income tax, provided that the 
debt securities are integrated in (i) a centralised system for securities managed by an entity resident for 
tax purposes in Portugal, or (ii) an international clearing system operated by a managing entity established 
in a member state of the EU other than Portugal (e.g. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or in a EEA 
Member State, provided, in this case, that such State is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an 
administrative cooperation arrangement in tax matters similar to the exchange of information schemes 
in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States; or (iii) integrated in other centralised 
systems not covered above, provided that, in this last case, the Portuguese Government authorises the 
application of Decree-Law 193/2005 and the beneficiaries are: 
(i) 
central banks or governmental agencies; or  
(ii) 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
(iii) 
entities resident in countries or jurisdictions with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty or a tax 
information exchange agreement in force; or  
(iv) 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable and which are not domiciled in a 
blacklisted jurisdiction as set out in Ministerial Order 150/2004, as amended. 
For the purposes of application of this tax exemption regime at the source, Decree-Law 193/2005 requires 
the completion of certain procedures and the provision of certain information. Under these procedures 
(which are aimed at verifying the non-resident status of the Noteholder), the Noteholder is required to 
hold the Notes through an account with one of the following entities:  
(i) 
a direct registered entity, which is the entity with which the debt securities accounts integrated in 
the centralised system are opened; 
(ii) 
an indirect registered entity, which, although not assuming the role of the “direct registered 
entities”, is a client of the latter; or  
(iii) 
an international clearing system, which is an entity that proceeds, in the international market, to 
clear, settle or transfer securities which are integrated in centralised systems or in their own 
registration systems.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
1. 
Domestic Cleared Notes – held through a direct or indirect registered entity 
Direct registered entities are required, for the purposes of Decree-Law 193/2005, to register the 
Noteholders in one of two accounts: (i) an exempt account or (ii) a non-exempt account. 
Registration of the Notes in the exempt account is crucial for the exemption to apply. For this 
purpose, the registration of non-resident Noteholders in an exempt account, allowing for the 
application of the exemption upfront, requires evidence of their non-resident status, which is to 
be provided by the Noteholder to the direct registered entity prior to the relevant date for payment 
of interest or prior to the redemption date (in case of Zero Coupon Notes) and to the transfer of 
Notes, as follows: 
(a) 
if the Noteholder is a central bank, an international body recognised as such by the 
Portuguese State, or a public law entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the 
beneficial owner of the Notes itself, duly signed and authenticated, or proof of non-
residence pursuant to (d) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is 
provided once, its periodical renewal not being necessary, and the beneficial owner should 
inform the direct registered entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions 
that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(b) 
if the Noteholder is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or an insurance 
company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered 
into a double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its 
tax identification official document; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for 
such supervision or registration, or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the 
beneficial owner of the Notes and its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (d) 
below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided once, its periodical 
renewal not being necessary, and the beneficial owner should inform the direct registered 
entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may prevent the tax 
exemption from applying; 
(c) 
if the Noteholder is an investment fund or other collective investment scheme domiciled in 
any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty 
or a tax information exchange agreement, it shall make proof of its non-resident status by 
providing any of the following documents: (a) a declaration issued by the entity responsible 
for its supervision or registration, or by the relevant tax authority, confirming its legal 
existence, domicile and law of incorporation; or (b) proof of non-residence pursuant to the 
terms of paragraph (d) below. The respective proof of non-residence in Portugal is provided 
once, its periodical renewal not being necessary, and the beneficial owner should inform 
the direct registered entity immediately of any change in the requisite conditions that may 
prevent the tax exemption from applying;

--- Page 283 ---
283 
(d) 
other investors will be required to make proof of their non-resident status by way of: (a) a 
certificate of residence or equivalent document issued by the relevant tax authorities; (b) a 
document issued by the relevant Portuguese Consulate certifying residence abroad; or (c) a 
document specifically issued by an official entity which forms part of the public 
administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the 
relevant country. The Noteholder must provide an original or a certified copy of such 
documents and, as a rule, if such documents do not refer to a specific year and do not 
expire, they must have been issued within the three years prior to the relevant payment or 
maturity dates or, if issued after the relevant payment or maturity dates, within the 
following three months. The Noteholder must inform the registering entity immediately of 
any change in the requisite conditions that may eliminate the tax exemption. 
2. 
Internationally Cleared Notes – held through an entity managing an international clearing 
system 
Pursuant to the requirements set forth in the tax regime, if the Notes are registered in an account 
held by an international clearing system operated by a managing entity, the latter shall transmit, 
on each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, to the direct registered entity 
or to its representative, and with respect to all accounts under its management, the identification 
and quantity of securities, as well as the amount of income, and, when applicable, the amount of 
tax withheld, segregated by the following categories of beneficiaries: 
(a) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management in Portuguese territory or a 
permanent establishment therein to which the income is attributable, and which are non-
exempt and subject to withholding; 
(b) 
entities with residence in a country, territory or region with a more favourable tax regime, 
included in the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in Ministerial Order 
150/2004, as amended) and which are non-exempt and subject to withholding; 
(c) 
entities with residence, headquarters, effective management in Portuguese territory or a 
permanent establishment therein to which the income is attributable, and which are 
exempt or not subject to withholding; 
(d) 
other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management in 
Portuguese territory or a permanent establishment therein to which the income would be 
attributable. 
On each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following information with 
respect to the beneficiaries that fall within the categories mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) 
above, should also be transmitted: 
(a) 
name and address;

--- Page 284 ---
284 
(b) 
tax identification number (if applicable); 
(c) 
identification and quantity of the securities held; and 
(d) 
amount of income generated by the securities. 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient 
information, tax was withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime 
approved by Decree-Law 193/2005, as amended. The refund claim is to be submitted to the direct 
registered entity of the Notes within 6 months of the date on which the withholding took place. 
The refund of withholding tax after the abovementioned six-month period is to be claimed from 
the Portuguese tax authorities within two years, starting from the term of the year in which the 
withholding took place. 
A special tax form for these purposes was approved by Order (despacho) 2937/2014, published in 
the Portuguese Official Gazette, second series, 37, of 21 February 2014, issued by the Portuguese 
Minister and Secretary of State for Tax Matters (currently Secretário de Estado e Assuntos Fiscais) 
and available at https://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt/. Information contained on the website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority. 
The absence of evidence of non-residence in respect to any non-resident entity which benefits 
from the abovementioned tax exemption regime shall result in its loss of the tax exemption and 
subsequent submission to the applicable Portuguese general tax provisions foreseen above. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty will be payable on the issue or transfer of Notes once they qualify as debt securities for 
the purposes of Article 5(2) of Council Directive 2008/7/EC of 12 February 2008, as amended, concerning 
indirect taxes on the raising of capital, not capable of being the subject matter of indirect taxation imposed 
by European Union Member States, a position that has already been sanctioned by the Portuguese Tax 
Authorities through Opinion 156/03, of 13 October 2003 (Parecer 156/03). Under said Opinion, interest 
arising from Notes is also not subject to Portuguese stamp duty. 
FATCA 
Portugal has implemented, through Law no. 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014, as amended, and Decree 
Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, as amended, the legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of 
information with the United States of America on financial accounts subject to disclosure (the “Financial 
Reporting Regime”) in order to comply with Sections 1471 through 1474 of FATCA. Under such legislation, 
the Issuer will be required to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such 
information to the Portuguese tax authorities which, in turn, report such information to the Inland 
Revenue Service of the United States of America. In this regard, the United States of America and Portugal 
signed an intergovernmental agreement (Model 1) on 6 August 2015, which is already in force.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply to 
foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date on which the final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX (“FTT”) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating 
Member States”). Estonia has since then ceased to participate. 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation (renewed discussions took place in June 2019) between 
the participating Member States (excluding Estonia) (closely modelled on the existing Italian and French 
FTT) and the scope of any such tax is still uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers 
are set out in a dealer agreement dated 22 December 2010, as amended and restated on 7 September 
2023 (and as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”), made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers, either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme, and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject 
to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each Dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may

--- Page 287 ---
287 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made other than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (recast), as amended 
(the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication, in any form and by any means, of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retails Investors” as “Not 
Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Member State”), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes, which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to 
the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State 
(“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes, 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as

--- Page 288 ---
288 
applicable, and the issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time, to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time, to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time, in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication, in any form and by any means, of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended or superseded). 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 supplementing Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council as regards organisational requirements and operating conditions for 
investment firms and defined terms for the purposes of that Directive, as amended (the 
“Regulation 2017/565”), as it forms part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA

--- Page 289 ---
289 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended (the “Regulation 600/2014”), as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”); and  
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication, in any form and by any means, of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retails Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to the UK, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes, which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to the public in the UK. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated, an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes 
in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Note in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan, which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other 
relevant laws and regulations.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
Portugal  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be and will not be offered to the public in 
Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities 
Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários") enacted by Decree Law No. 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as 
amended (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), 
unless the requirements and provisions applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met, including 
without limitation, all registration, filing, approval or recognition procedures with the Portuguese 
Securities Market Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários") (the "CMVM") and, if 
relevant, any other competent authorities. In particular, should the obligation to publish a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation not be applicable, the offer of new securities may be through a private 
placement, including, inter alia, if directed exclusively to qualified investors ("investidores qualificados") 
within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, 
other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any 
legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable CMVM Regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and 
regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in 
Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in 
Portuguese territory, as the case may be including the publication of a base prospectus, when applicable: 
(a) it has not directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, 
gathered investment intentions, sold, re-sold, re-offered or delivered and will not directly or indirectly 
take any action, offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-
offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of 
securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or 
complement it in this respect from time to time), notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located 
in the Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (b) it has not distributed, made available or caused 
to be distributed and will not distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal. 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer 
or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, 
the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and such offers, sales and

--- Page 291 ---
291 
distributions have been and will only be made in France to (a) providers of investment services relating to 
portfolio management for the account of third parties, and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés) acting for their own account as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and 
D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier and as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
it will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (the “MiFID II Regulations”) including, without limitation, Regulation 5 thereof or any 
rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended) (the “Companies Act 2014”), the 
Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) 
of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(iii) 
it will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and any rules issued 
by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; 
(iv) 
it will not offer, underwrite the issue of, place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014; and 
(v) 
no Notes will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months except in full compliance 
with Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, represent and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale,

--- Page 292 ---
292 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Belgium  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, 
and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility. 
The Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific country or jurisdiction 
(set out above to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of changes in the official interpretation, 
after the date of the Dealer Agreement, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable) but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers stated in the paragraph above. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material in any jurisdiction where the action for the purpose is required. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified. Any such supplement or modification relevant only 
to a particular series or tranche of Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 294 ---
294 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. dated 20 December 2010 and the update and maintenance of the 
Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Brisa – Concessão 
Rodoviária, S.A. dated 23 May 2023. The security created and/or promised to be created by Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. dated 20 December 2010. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. The CSSF assumes 
no undertaking as to the economical and financial soundness of the information contained herein and the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer, pursuant to the provisions 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. Application has 
also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa as operator of the CVM. The appropriate ISIN 
for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Interbolsa will be specified in the Final Terms. The address of 
Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100–138 Porto, Portugal. 
For the time being, Interbolsa will only settle and clear Notes denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Sterling, 
Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars.  
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system to have accepted the relevant Notes for 
clearance, together with any further appropriate information. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue, in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation  
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings involving the Issuer 
(and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such proceedings are pending or threatened), which may have, or

--- Page 295 ---
295 
have had, during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the 
financial position and profitability of the Issuer.  
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings involving Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. (and, so far as Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. is aware, no such 
proceedings are pending or threatened), which may have, or have had, during the twelve months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position and profitability of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A..  
Significant or Material Change 
Since 31 December 2022, the date up to which the most recent published audited annual financial 
statements were prepared, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Brisa – 
Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. nor of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A.. Moreover, since 30 June 2023, 
the date up to which the most recent interim accounts were published, there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance or financial position of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. nor in the 
financial performance or financial position of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A.. 
Statutory Auditors 
The financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 of Brisa 
– Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. have been audited without qualification by Pricewaterhousecoopers & 
Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., and the statutory auditors have given, and 
have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais 
de Contas, Lda. is a member of the Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas.  
For a better understanding of the above issues, the reading of the complete versions of the opinions 
included in the annual reports of Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária S.A. together with the respective financial 
statements is recommended. 
The financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 of Brisa 
– Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. have been audited without qualification by Pricewaterhousecoopers 
& Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., and the statutory auditors have given, 
and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form 
and context in which it is included. Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores 
Oficiais de Contas, Lda. is a member of the Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas. 
Pricewaterhousecoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. has no material 
interest in the Issuer or its commercial activity. 
Documents available for inspection 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents will, free of charge, upon request to the Issuer, be

--- Page 296 ---
296 
available for inspection by the Noteholders that produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity, during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of the Paying Agents:  
(a) 
a 
copy 
of 
the 
constitutive 
documents 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(and 
available 
at 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/company-profile/corporate-governance/articles-of-
incorporation); 
(b) 
a copy of the constitutive documents of the Parent; 
(c) 
a copy of (i) the base prospectus, dated 2 March 2012, (ii) the base prospectus, dated 4 July 2014, 
(iii) the base prospectus, dated 16 November 2016, and (iv) the base prospectus, dated 16 July 
2021; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(e) 
the Notes Common Representative Appointment Agreement; 
(f) 
the Paying Agency Agreement; 
(g) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(h) 
the Security Agreement; 
(i) 
the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(j) 
the Accounts Agreement; 
(k) 
the Grantor Direct Agreement; 
(l) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant;  
(m) 
the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework;  
(n) 
the Second Party Opinion; and 
(o) 
any future base prospectus, publicly disclosed prospectuses and information memoranda, any 
supplement to a base prospectus and the Final Terms (save that Final Terms, publicly disclosed 
prospectuses and information memoranda relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA or the UK nor offered in the EEA or the UK in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Portuguese Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to such base 
prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Under the Programme, the Noteholders will not have access to any document signed or delivered by the 
Issuer, and shall refrain from requesting the consultation thereof, other than the aforementioned 
documents, other documents expressly named in a Combined Finance Document as being disclosable to

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Senior Creditors, other documents disclosed by the Issuer to the public in general or other documents 
which are required by any applicable law to be disclosed to holders of the Notes. 
Financial statements available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents 
will be available for inspection from 
https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/corporate-debt/financial-information/reports: 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements published by Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. and the 
audited annual consolidated financial statements published by Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, 
S.A. as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; and 
(b) 
in each case, together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each set of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by 
reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at https://www.luxse.com/. 
Material contracts  
In addition to the agreements described in “Overview of Certain Transaction Documents”, which are 
entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, the Issuer and the Parent have not entered 
into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of their relevant businesses which could result in 
the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
Notes Common Representative 
The Notes provide that the Notes Common Representative take action on behalf of the Noteholders in 
certain circumstances, but only if the Notes Common Representative is indemnified to its satisfaction. It 
may not be possible, for legal, regulatory or other reasons, for the Notes Common Representative to take 
certain actions in relation to the Notes and, accordingly, in such circumstances the Notes Common 
Representative will be unable to take such actions, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity to it. 
Dealer Activities 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may have made and may make or may have held and 
may hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that may have had or may in

--- Page 298 ---
298 
the future have a lending relationship with the Issuer may have hedged or may in the future hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also have made 
or may make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may have held and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Credit Ratings  
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt rating of “Baa1” from Moody’s, with a positive outlook, 
and “A-“ from Fitch, with a stable outlook. The Parent is not rated. Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated and, where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the meanings of the ratings assigned to the Issuer are as follows: 
• 
Moody's – “Baa1” 
Obligations rated “Baa” are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade 
and as such may possess speculative characteristics. The modifier 1 indicates a ranking at the 
higher end of this generic rating category. 
• 
Fitch – “A-“ 
“A-” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse 
business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifier “+/-“ is used for 
ratings AA through to CCC levels indicating relative differences of probability of default or recovery 
for issues. 
Material changes in the Issuer and the Parent’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial 
year  
Since the last financial year ended 31 December 2022, there were no material changes in the Issuer and 
the Parent’s borrowing and funding structure. 
Expected financing of the Issuer and the Parent’s activities 
The Issuer (and the Parent, considering that its indirect economic activity essentially corresponds to the 
activity carried out by the Issuer) does not anticipate any material change in the way it has financed its 
activities in recent years, mainly via debt issuances under the Programme and drawings under the Short 
Term Facilities the Issuer may have in place from time to time.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is under no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of the Notes.  
The Issuer will, in any event, in case of the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of the Notes, and which arises or is noted between the time when this Base Prospectus is 
approved and the time when trading on the Bourse de Luxembourg begins, prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Issuer’s website 
The Issuer’s website is https://www.brisaconcessao.pt/en/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 529900O4HQ501ZCXL896.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
ANNEX – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In addition to the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus, prepared in accordance with 
the financial reporting framework applicable to the Issuer, some Alternative Performance Measures 
(“APMs”), in accordance with ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures dated 5 October 
2015 (ESMA/2015/1415en) (the “ESMA Guidelines”), are disclosed in this annex. The Issuer discloses 
these APMs for a better understanding of its financial performance. These APMs constitute additional 
financial information and shall not, in any circumstance, replace the financial information produced under 
the applicable reporting framework. The definition and calculation of APMs by the Issuer may differ from 
the definition and calculation of APMs used by other companies and may not be comparable.  
These APMs may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies and the assumptions 
underlying the APMs have not been audited in accordance with any auditing standards.  
In evaluating the APMs, investors should carefully consider the financial statements of the Issuer 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Although part of this data has been extracted or 
derived from the financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, this data has not 
been audited or reviewed by the statutory auditors. 
ESMA Guidelines define an APM as a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, 
financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable 
financial reporting framework. Following the recommendations of the ESMA Guidelines, the following 
APMs are used in this Base Prospectus. The following APMs are based on information included in the 
Issuer’s financial information prepared in accordance with the IFRS-EU. 
EBITDA and EBITDA Margin  
EBITDA is calculated by adding back to Operating Results (as presented on page 149 of the Issuer’s 
Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022) the deduction made in relation to 
Provisions, amortisation, depreciation, adjustments and reversal of adjustments and provisions (as 
presented on page 149 of the Issuer’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2022). 
EBITDA Margin is expressed as a percentage and is calculated by dividing EBITDA by the Operational 
income, which corresponds to the sum between toll services rendered (as presented on page 149 of the 
Issuer’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022) and Other operating income 
and gains (as presented on page 149 of the Issuer’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2022). 
The following table provides the reconciliation between the information from the Issuer’s Financial 
Statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS-EU and both EBITDA and EBITDA Margin.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
BRISA - CONCESSÃO RODOVIÁRIA, S.A. 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
(Amounts expressed in Euros) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
31.12.2022 
  
31.12.2021 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Operating income*: 
  
  
  
  
  
Toll services rendered* (1) 
664 824 762 
  
572 570 821 
  
  
Other operating income and gains* (2) 
6 570 424 
  
5 843 197 
  
  
Reversal of adjustments and provisionsA* 
14 711 675 
  
1 946 351 
  
  
Revenue related to construction servicesB* 
28 641 778 
  
14 950 320 
  
  
  
Total operating income* 
714 748 639 
  
595 310 689 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Operating expenses*: 
  
  
  
  
  
External supplies and services* 
(136 881 870) 
  
(129 248 821) 
  
  
Payroll costs* 
(1 216 801) 
  
(1 191 893) 
  
  
Amortisation, depreciation and adjustments* 
(130 015 876) 
  
(105 765 402) 
  
  
Provisions* 
(45 652 328) 
 
(31 856 849) 
  
  
Taxes* 
(1 402 886) 
 
(710 235) 
  
  
Other operating expenses* 
(100 447) 
 
(263 889) 
  
  
Expenses related to construction services* 
(28 641 778) 
 
(14 950 320) 
  
  
  
Total operating expenses* 
(343 911 986) 
 
(283 987 409) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Operating Results* 
370 836 653 
  
311 323 280 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions, amortisation, depreciation, 
adjustments and reversal of adjustments and 
provisionsC 
160 956 529 
  
135 675 900 
  
  
  
EBITDA (3) 
531 793 182 
  
446 999 180 
  
  
  
EBITDA margin in % [3 divided 
by (1+2)] 
79.2% 
  
77.3% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
*Information from the Statements of profit and loss 
and other comprehensive income 
  
  
  
  
A “Reversal of adjustments and provisions” includes the sum of “Reversal of adjustments” and “Reversal of provisions” 
  
B In the income and other comprehensive income statement as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 of the 
Issuer corresponds to “Income related to construction services”. 
 
C “Provisions, amortisation, depreciation, adjustments and reversal of adjustments and provisions” includes the sum 
of "Reversal of adjustments and provisions", "Provisions" and “Amortisation, depreciation and adjustments”. 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer has published the 2023 Issuer First Half Results, which were prepared in accordance 
with the IFRS-EU. The following table provides the summarised statement of profit or loss for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2023 and its variation when comparing to the information from the Issuer’s 
Financial Statements as at and for the semester ended 30 June 2022, prepared in accordance with the 
IFRS-EU, including the EBITDA: 
BRISA - CONCESSÃO RODOVIÁRIA, S.A. 
 
(Amounts expressed in millions of Euros)

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
30.06.2022 
30.06.2023 
 
 
 
Operating Revenues 
302.4 
363.9 
Toll revenues 
287.3 
346.0 
Service areas 
12.2 
14.6 
Other operating revenues 
3.0 
3.3 
Operating Costs 
70.6 
75.8 
Supplies and Services 
69.2 
74.2 
Personnel costs 
0.7 
0.6 
Other operating costs 
0.7 
1.0 
EBITDA 
231.9 
288.0 
Amort.. deprec.. adjust. prov. and reversals 
77.2 
87.8 
EBIT 
154.7 
200.2 
Construction revenue (IAS11) 
9.5 
3.9 
Construction costs (IAS11) 
9.5 
3.9 
Net Financial Results 
-22.6 
-26.9 
Financial expenses 
22.6 
28.2 
Financial revenues 
0.0 
1.3 
Profit before tax 
132.1 
173.3 
Income tax 
40.4 
53.6 
Net income 
91.8 
119.8 
 
Net Debt 
Net Debt is calculated by deducting from the aggregate principal amount (nominal amount) of the Issuer’s 
financial debt (current and non-current loans) the amount of Cash and cash equivalent (as presented on 
page 148 of the Issuer’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022). 
The following table provides the reconciliation between the information from the Issuer’s Financial 
Statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, including further 
explanations when such information cannot be read directly from such Statements, and Net Debt:  
BRISA - CONCESSÃO RODOVIÁRIA, S.A. 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
(Amounts expressed in Euros) 
  
        
  
    
  
        
  
    
  
        
31.12.2022 
  
31.12.2021 
  
        
  
    
  
Bond issues: 
  
    
  
  Nominal amount of Bond issued in 2012 with maturity in 2032* 
100 000 000   
100 000 000   
  Nominal amount of Bond issued in 2015 with maturity in 2025* 
300 000 000   
300 000 000   
  Nominal amount of Bond issued in 2016 with maturity in 2022* 
-   
120 000 000   
  Nominal amount of Bond issued in 2016 with maturity in 2023* 
300 000 000   
300 000 000   
  Nominal amount of Bond issued in 2017 with maturity in 2027* 
300 000 000   
300 000 000   
  Nominal amount of Bond issued in 2021 with maturity in 2026* 
75 000 000   
75 000 000   
    Total bond issues 
1 075 000 000   
1 195 000 000

--- Page 303 ---
303 
Other loans: 
  
    
  
  Nominal amount outstanding under loan from European 
Investment Bank* 
  311 883 268   
  350 868 677   
  Nominal amount oustanding under commercial paper* 
  200 000 000   
  225 000 000   
    Total other loans 
  511 883 268   
  575 868 677   
        
  
    
  
    Aggregate nominal amount of Issuers's financial debt 
 1 586 883 268   
 1 770 868 677   
        
  
    
  
  Cash and cash equivalents (**) 
  156 974 632   
  209 785 651   
    Net Debt 
 1 429 908 636   
 1 561 083 026   
        
  
    
  
        
  
    
  
*Information from Note 19 to the Issuer’s Financial Statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 
 
 
**Information from the Issuer's Statements of Financial Position

--- Page 304 ---
ISSUER 
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, S.A. 
Quinta da Torre da Aguilha, Edifício Brisa 
2785-599 São Domingos de Rana 
Portugal 
 
THE PARENT  
Brisa – Concessão Rodoviária, SGPS, S.A. 
Quinta da Torre da Aguilha, Edifício Brisa 
2785-599 São Domingos de Rana 
Portugal 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A. London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 2, Canada Square 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PORTUGUESE PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
SECURITY AGENT 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Rua do Ouro, no. 88 
1100-063 Lisboa 
Portugal 
 
INTERCREDITOR AGENT 
 Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Av. João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisboa 
Portugal 
NOTES COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
António Frutuoso de Melo e Associados, Sociedade de Advogados, SP R.L. 
Avenida da Liberdade, 38-1.º

--- Page 305 ---
1250-145 Lisboa 
Portugal 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Portuguese law 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados  
Sociedade de Advogados, SP R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisboa 
Portugal 
To the Dealers as to Portuguese law 
Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & 
Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, S.P., R.L. 
Rua Castilho, n.º 165 
1070-050 Lisboa 
Portugal 
To the Dealers as to English law  
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – 
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1 - 3º 
1069-316 Lisboa 
Portugal 
AUDITOR TO THE PARENT 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – 
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda.  
Palácio Sottomayor 
Rua Sousa Martins, 1 - 3º 
1069-316 Lisboa 
Portugal

--- Page 306 ---
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Ciudad BBVA,  
C/ Sauceda 28,  
Edificio Asia – 1st Floor 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (Millennium 
investment banking) 
Praça D. João I, 28  
4000-295 Oporto 
Portugal  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Bankinter, S.A.  
Paseo de la Castellana 29, 
28046,  
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29  
Ireland  
Caixa – Banco de Investimento, S.A. 
Av. João XXI, no. 63 
1000-300 Lisbon 
Portugal  
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 307 ---
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Avenida da Liberdade, 195 
1250-142 Lisbon 
Portugal  
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy 
CS 50318 
92972 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France