--- Page 1 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
i 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 18 DECEMBER 2020 
BROKERCREDITSERVICE STRUCTURED 
PRODUCTS PLC 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
(incorporated in Cyprus) 
(as Issuer) 
EUR 20,000,000,000 EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
Under this EUR 20,000,000,000 
euro medium term note programme (the “Programme”), 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue Notes in bearer or 
registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes” and, together, the “Notes”) 
denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the Dealer (as defined below). Any Notes issued under 
the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (“Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 as amended from time to time (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
“Central Bank”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor an endorsement of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange trading as the Euronext Dublin (the “Euronext Dublin”) 
for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. The Programme provides that Notes 
may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
market(s) (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer. The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. Application may be made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market (the 
"Regulated Market"). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in the EEA or the United Kingdom. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their 
redemption amount) is linked to one or more indices including custom indices (“Index Linked Notes”) or one 
or more Shares of any company(ies) (including global depositary receipts and/or American depositary receipts) 
(“Share Linked Notes”) or one or more commodities or commodity indices (“Commodity Linked Notes”) 
or one or more interests or units (“Fund Linked Notes”) or the credit of a specified entity or entities (“Credit 
Linked Notes”) or one or more fund shares or interests in exchange traded funds, exchange traded notes, 
exchange traded commodities or other exchange traded products (each an “exchange traded instrument”) 
(“ETI Linked Notes”) or one or more foreign exchange rates (“Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes”) 
or one or more underlying interest rate (“Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes”) or any combination 
thereof (“Hybrid Notes”) as more fully described herein. Notes may provide that settlement will be by way 
of cash settlement (“Cash Settled Notes”) or physical delivery (“Physical Delivery Notes”) as provided in 
the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.  
The Notes will be issued to the Dealer specified below (the “Dealer”, which expression shall include 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time) on a continuing basis by way of 
private or syndicated placements.

--- Page 2 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
ii 
This Base Prospectus is available to view on the website of Euronext Dublin: www.ise.ie  
Arranger for the Programme 
BCS Prime Brokerage Limited 
Sole Dealer 
BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited  
 
18 December 2020

--- Page 3 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
iii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained herein is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as contemplated by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the “Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown 
Prospectus”) as described under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectus” below. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference as described in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below. This Document shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. In relation to each 
separate issue of Notes, the final offer price and the amount of such Notes will be determined by the Issuer 
and the Dealer in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of the Notes and will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The Dealer has not separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Dealer as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes. The Dealer accepts no liability in 
relation to the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any further information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or the Dealer. 
In connection with the issue and sale of Notes, neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates will, unless agreed to the 
contrary in writing, act as a financial adviser to any Noteholder. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as 
recommendations by the Issuer or the Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any of the Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any of the Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
of the Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealer expressly does not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Prospective 
investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published audited annual consolidated financial 
statements and unaudited semi-annual interim unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer, when 
deciding whether or not to purchase any of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection with, an offer to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or a solicitation by anyone not authorised so to act. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in the EEA (and certain member states thereof), the United 
Kingdom Japan and the United States (see “Subscription and Sale” below).

--- Page 4 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
iv 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or jurisdiction of the United 
States, and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”) (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA and the United Kingdom subject to the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the offer of 
those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3  of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a 
prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus which specify 
that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in 
such prospectus or Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus as 
the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
 Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA or the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
Benchmark Regulation  
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1 011 
(the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus as the case may 
be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
v 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor of the Notes must make its own determination of the suitability of any such 
investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors 
which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment, either alone or with the help of a financial 
adviser. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets and of any financial variable which might have an impact on the return on 
the Notes; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Prospective purchasers should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of Notes. 
Risks relating to the Notes may be compounded 
Various risks relating to the Notes may be correlated or compounded and such correlation and/or 
compounding may result in increased volatility in the value of the Notes and/or in increased losses for holders 
of the Notes. 
The Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference 
In relation to Notes where the interest and/or redemption amount is linked to an Underlying Reference (as 
defined herein), such Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, 
sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Noteholders will not 
have any right of recourse under the Notes to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference). The Notes are not in any 
way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect 
of an Underlying Reference and such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of 
their actions on any Noteholders. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference contain forward-looking statements. 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc and the Group (being FG BCS Ltd. together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the “Group”) may also make forward-looking statements in their audited annual 
financial statements, in their interim financial statements, in their offering circulars, in press releases and 
other written materials and in oral statements made by their officers, directors or employees to third parties. 
Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Issuer's and/or Group's beliefs and 
expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current plans, estimates and 
projections, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on them. Forward-looking statements speak 
only as of the date they are made, and the Issuer and the Group undertake no obligation to update publicly 
any of them in light of new information or future events.

--- Page 6 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
vi 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Most of the financial data presented or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is presented in 
Russian Roubles. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019 and the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
period ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2020have been prepared in accordance with international financial 
reporting standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union and the requirements of the Cyprus 
Companies Law, Cap.113. The Group's fiscal year ends on 31 December. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES 
Public Offers of Notes in the EEA and the United Kingdom 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Relevant State in circumstances where there is no 
exemption from the obligation to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. Any such offer is 
referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public Offer”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in the Republic of 
Ireland and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (each a “Public Offer Jurisdiction”) provided that the Final 
Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of any Notes does not include the legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA and UK Investors”. Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes in a Public 
Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the consent of the Issuer – see 
“Consent” below. 
If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer intends to add one or more Relevant States to the list of 
Public Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying 
such Relevant State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
supplement will also set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuer to the use of this Base Prospectus 
in connection with any Public Offer in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
Consent 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, the Issuer accepts responsibility in 
that Public Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) 
who purchases any Notes in that Public Offer Jurisdiction made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised 
and neither the Issuer, nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in 
relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for 
its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuer are (in addition to the conditions described in either sub- paragraph 
(a) (Specific Consent) or sub-paragraph (b) (General Consent) under “Consent” below) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in such of the Public Offer Jurisdictions as are specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
vii 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under “Common conditions to Consent”, the Issuer consents to the use 
of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Notes in any Public Offer Jurisdiction by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealer specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus.  
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus as applicable, 
any other financial intermediary which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
including under any applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction 
(“MiFID II”); and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the 
“Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] (the 
“Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final Terms”) published by 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc (the “Issuer”). 
In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [insert name(s) of relevant 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror 
Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we 
are authorised under MiFID II to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the 
Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms 
in the Base Prospectus.” 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance 
Statement on its website. 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) and sub-paragraph (b), above, are together 
referred to herein as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuer (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer) has any responsibility for any of the actions of 
any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business 
rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER 
FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO 
AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND 
SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH 
SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES 
CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL 
NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR 
LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION.

--- Page 8 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
viii 
IN THE EVENT OF AN OFFER BEING MADE BY A FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY, SUCH 
FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION TO INVESTORS ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER AT THE TIME THE OFFER IS MADE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Dealer at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on 
the interest rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price of such 
Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised 
Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. The Issuer will not be party to arrangements between 
an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror 
to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealer named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary 
to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the 
Dealer. 
Neither the Dealer nor any of its affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and 
none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.  
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes 
may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States, or for the 
account of benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 9 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
ix 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY 
THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR 
HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF 
ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, 
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 20,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euros at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under “Subscription and Sale”. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a 
Member State of the EEA, references to “U.S.$”, “U.S. dollars” or “dollars” are to United States dollars, 
references to “EUR” or “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and references to “Russian Roubles”, “Roubles” and “RUB” 
are to the lawful currency of the Russian Federation. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
10 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.......................................................................................11 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................19 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE....................................................................................47 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................................................49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT APPLICABLE .......50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – TRUST DEED APPLICABLE .........................................88 
ANNEX 1 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS ..................................................127 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES .........................175 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES.........................206 
ANNEX 4 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES ............226 
ANNEX 5 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES ...........................237 
ANNEX 6 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES .......................248 
ANNEX TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS ANNEX ..................................................................................................312 
ANNEX 7 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES................................316 
ANNEX 8 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED NOTES..................................................................................................................................................336 
ANNEX 9 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES..................................................................................................................................................345 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...........................................................................................................................................352 
FORM OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................................353 
CLEARING SYSTEMS.......................................................................................................................................359 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................360 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS................................................................................................................362 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION..................................................................................................................473 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE ..............................................................................................................................478 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES ........................................................................................479 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS................................................................................................................480 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION..................................................................................................................529 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...................532 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER......................................................................................................................534 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT .........................................................................................551 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.............................................................................................................................552 
GENERAL CONSENT – THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS .............................................................557 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION .......................................................................................................................559 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..............................................................................................................................560

--- Page 11 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
11 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series (as defined below in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”, the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus). Subject as provided 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, any of the following (including, without limitation, the type of 
Notes which may be issued pursuant to the Programme) may be varied or supplemented as agreed between 
the Issuer, the Dealer, the Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and/ or the Trustee (as applicable). 
This general overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meaning in this overview: 
 
Issuer: 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc (the 
“Issuer”) 
Arranger: 
BCS Prime Brokerage Limited 
Dealer: 
BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited 
Legal and regulatory requirements: 
 
Notes may also be issued to third parties other than the 
Dealer on the basis of enquiries made by such third 
parties to the Issuer, including the Dealer appointed in 
relation to issues of Notes denominated in particular 
currencies in compliance with applicable regulations 
and guidelines from time to time. Each issue of Notes 
denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale” below) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Issue Method: 
Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non- syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in Series having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
within the same Series. Each Series may be issued in 
Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Ranking: 
The Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms 
Registrar: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms 
Trustee: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Delivery Agent: 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms. Neither 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch nor any of its affiliates 
will act as Delivery Agent.

--- Page 12 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
12 
Programme Amount: 
EUR 20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated on the Agreement Date) 
outstanding at any one time. As provided in the 
Programme Agreement the nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding under the Programme may be further 
increased. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
restrictions. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject 
to compliance as aforesaid, be made in and/or linked to, 
any currency or currencies other than the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity of not less than 364 days. No maximum 
maturity is contemplated and Notes may be issued with 
no specified maturity dates provided, however, that 
Notes will only be issued in compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par and either on a fully paid or partly 
paid basis. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed rate interest will be payable on such day(s) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus and on redemption. 
Interest will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer and specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Notes may also have reset provisions pursuant to which 
the Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will 
be reset on one or more date(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a period 
equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest calculated: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement in the form of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); 
or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on 
an agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service; or

--- Page 13 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
13 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed in 
writing between the Issuer and the Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus). Floating Rate Notes 
may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes will be payable, and will 
be calculated as specified prior to issue in the 
applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. The margin (if any) relating to 
such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each issue 
of Floating Rate Notes. Interest will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Dealer and as specified in the 
applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Index Linked Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Index 
Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or 
more Indices as are agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer set out in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. Index Linked Notes may be 
linked to, inter alia, an equity index or a property index 
or a custom index established, calculated and/or 
sponsored by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates Index Linked 
Notes linked to a custom index which may be sponsored 
and/or calculated by the Issuer or one of its Affiliates will 
only be offered as Exempt Notes. Index Linked Notes 
may be subject to early redemption or adjustment if an 
Index is modified or cancelled and there is no successor 
index acceptable to the Calculation Agent, if the Index's 
sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index, or 
certain events (such as illegality, disruptions or cost 
increases) occur with respect to the Issuer's or any of its 
Affiliates' hedging arrangements. If certain disruption 
events occur with respect to valuation of an Index such 
valuation will be postponed and may be made by the 
Calculation Agent. Payments may also be postponed.

--- Page 14 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
14 
Share Linked Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Share 
Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or 
more shares, ADRs and/or GDRs (together referred to 
herein as “Shares” and each a “Share”) as agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealer set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Share 
Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by 
physical delivery of the Entitlement as more fully set out 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. Share 
Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or 
adjustment (including as to valuation and in certain 
circumstances Share substitutions) if certain corporate 
events (such as events affecting the value of a Share 
(including Share, or in the case of GDRs and ADRs, 
Underlying Share, 
divisions or 
consolidations, 
extraordinary dividends and capital calls); de-listing of a 
Share or Underlying Share; insolvency, merger or 
nationalisation of a Share or Underlying Share issuer; or 
a tender offer or redenomination of a Share or 
Underlying Share) occur, if certain events (such as 
illegality, disruptions or cost increases) occur with 
respect to the Issuer's or any of its Affiliates' hedging 
arrangements, or if insolvency filings are made with 
respect to a Share or Underlying Share issuer. 
ETI Linked Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal and/or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect 
of ETI Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to 
interests in one or more exchange traded instrument as 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer. ETI Linked 
Notes may also provide settlement by physical delivery 
of the Entitlement as more fully set out under the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Commodity Linked Notes:  
Payments (whether in respect of principal and/or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect 
of Commodity Linked Notes will be calculated by 
reference to one or more commodities and/or commodity 
indices as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer set 
out in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. Commodity Linked Notes may be subject to 
adjustment (including as to valuations) if certain events 
occur with respect to a Commodity, Commodity Index 
or Index Component (such as a trading disruption the 
disappearance of, or disruption in publication of, a 
reference price; and in certain circumstances a change 
in the formula for calculating a reference price; or a 
change in the content of a Commodity, an index 
component disruption event or an index disruption event 
in respect of a Commodity Index. Commodity Linked 
Notes linked to a custom commodity index which may 
be sponsored and/or calculated by the Issuer or one of 
its Affiliates will only be offered as Exempt Notes. 
Commodity Linked Notes may be subject to cancellation 
or early redemption or adjustment if a Commodity Index 
is modified or cancelled and there is no successor index 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, if the Commodity 
Index's sponsor fails to calculate and announce the 
Commodity Index, or certain events (such as illegality or 
disruptions) occur with respect to the Issuer's or any of 
its Affiliates' hedging arrangements.

--- Page 15 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
15 
Fund Linked Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest 
and/or whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of 
Fund Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to 
units, interests or shares in a single fund or basket of 
funds on such terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Fund Linked 
Notes may also provide for redemption by physical 
delivery of the Entitlement. Fund Linked Notes may be 
subject to early redemption or adjustment (including as 
to valuation and fund substitutions) if certain corporate 
events (such as insolvency (or analogous event) 
occurring with respect to a fund; litigation against, or 
regulatory events occurring with respect to a fund; 
suspensions of fund subscriptions or redemptions; 
certain changes in net asset value of a fund; or 
modifications to the investment objectives or changes 
in the nature or administration of a fund) occur, if certain 
valuation or settlement disruption events occur with 
respect to a fund, or if certain events (such as illegality, 
disruptions or cost increases) occur with respect to the 
Issuer's or any of its Affiliates' hedging arrangements. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
Notes with respect to which payment of principal and 
interest is linked to the credit of a specified entity or 
entities will be issued on such terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealer and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. If 
Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during the Notice 
Delivery Period, each Note will be redeemed by the 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount, if Cash 
Settlement is applicable, by payment of the Auction 
Settlement Amount, if Auction Settlement is applicable, 
or by Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Entitlement, if Physical Settlement is applicable, in 
each case as specified in the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable).  
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal and/or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to one or more foreign 
exchange rates as agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer set out in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes:    
Payments (whether in respect of principal and/or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect 
of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes will be 
calculated by reference to one or more underlying 
interest rates as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Hybrid Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal and/or 
interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Hybrid Notes will be calculated by reference 
to any combination of Underlying References as agreed 
between the Issuer and the Dealer as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 16 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
16 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest other than in the 
case of late payment. 
Redemption and Purchase: 
The applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the Dealer and specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus. Following an Event of Default, 
no part of any Notes denominated in any other Specified 
Currency may be redeemed prior to such other minimum 
time as may be required by the relevant monetary 
authority. 
Denominations of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading: 
Application h as b ee n made to the Central Bank of 
Ireland for approval of this Base Prospectus and to the 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official 
List”) and trading on its regulated market. Application 
may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the 
official list (the "Luxembourg Official List") and 
trading on its regulated market. The applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes are to be listed and, if so, on which 
stock exchange(s). 
Exempt Notes: 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or the United Kingdom, and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA and/or the United Kingdom other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Under this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer may issue Exempt Notes 
(being Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation). In the case 
of Exempt Notes, any terms and conditions not 
contained in this Base Prospectus which are applicable 
to such Exempt Notes will be set out in a final terms 
document (the “Final Terms”). The Fiscal Agency 
Agreement (as defined in the Conditions) and this Base 
Prospectus sets out the form of Final Terms for Exempt 
Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
17 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and 
clear of withholding taxes of the Republic of Cyprus, 
unless the withholding is required by law. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, 
and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to Section 871(m) of the Code.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and 
the distribution of offering material in various 
jurisdictions. 
The Issuer is a Category 2 Issuer for the purposes of 
Regulation S. 
Method of Publication of this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus related to the 
Notes listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and will 
be published on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie) and copies may be obtained at the Fiscal 
Agent's office. The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
related to any Notes listed on the Luxemburg Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained 
at the Fiscal Agent's office.  
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus will indicate 
where the Base Prospectus may be obtained. 
Payout Methodology: 
The amount(s) (if any) payable or deliverable, as 
applicable, under the Notes will be comprised of the 
following components (each a “Product Component”): 
(i) 
on final redemption, the Final Redemption 
Amount (see Condition 6 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and Payout 
Conditions 1.2 and 2.3); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount 
(see 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption provisions in the relevant Annex 
and Payout Conditions 1.3 and 2.4) 
(iii) 
if an Issuer Call Option or Noteholder Put 
Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (see Condition 6 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and

--- Page 18 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
18 
Payout Condition 1.3); 
(iv) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the 
Entitlement (see Condition 6, 7 and 8 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
Payout Conditions 1.4); and/or 
(v) 
in the case of interest paying Notes, the 
interest amount (see Condition 5 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and Payout 
Conditions 1.1 and 2.1). 
The terms of a Series of Notes are comprised of (i) the 
Conditions, (ii) the Annex relevant to the relevant 
Underlying References and (iii) if selected in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate and/or 
Payout(s) selected from Annex 1 to the Conditions (the 
“Payout Annex”) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and the related variables specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the relevant 
valuation provisions) for such Interest and/or Payout(s) 
(as selected from the Payout Annex). 
Investors must review the Conditions, the Annex 
relevant to the relevant Underlying Reference and the 
Payout Annex, together with the applicable Final 
Terms to ascertain the terms and conditions applicable 
to the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
19 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of 
the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that either currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risk factors relating to the industry of the Issuer 
The Issuer is exposed to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk arising from the financial instruments it 
holds as set out below.  
Credit risk 
As part of its trading operations, the Issuer enters into loans, OTC derivatives, securities lending transactions 
and other financial transactions with a number of counterparties. Credit risk is the risk of loss that the Issuer 
may incur as a result of borrowers or other counterparties of the Issuer defaulting on their payment 
obligations in respect of such transactions, including the risks attaching to the Issuer’s customers having 
financial difficulties and risks relating to large exposures.  
Credit risk is an inherent part of the Issuer’s business and the Issuer is subject to both settlement and 
counterparty risks: 
(i) 
counterparty risk is the risk of losses the Issuer may incur as a result of a failure by a counterparty 
to fulfil its obligations during the period of the relevant transaction; and 
(ii) 
settlement risk is the risk of losses the Issuer may incur as a result of a counterparty default after 
the Issuer has fulfilled its obligations under the relevant transaction on the mutual settlement date.  
Furthermore, the Issuer faces market-related counterparty credit risk arising from financial instruments 
including fixed income, equity and other investments that it is exposed to.  
While the Issuer continuously reviews and analyses its credit risk (through the Group’s Risk Management 
Committee), uncertainties as to the economic outlook make it difficult to estimate the Issuer’s future credit 
losses. As such, provisions for expected credit losses are difficult to predict. 
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from credit risk in the future 
that may be material in amount which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, financial position or prospects. 
Market risk 
The Issuer faces market risks as an inherent part of its business. The Issuer’s market risk relates to the risk 
of loss that the Issuer may incur because of adverse developments in market values resulting from 
fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency exchange rates and equity and commodity 
prices. The performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer’s investment and 
trading books which may adversely affect the Issuer’s financial position, including reducing its revenue 
which, in turn, could prevent the Issuer from fulfilling its payment obligations under the Notes.  
 
A significant part of the Issuer’s market risk derives from changes in interest rates and foreign exchange 
rates. The Issuer’s interest rate risk is (i) the risk of losses due to an adverse change in interest rates relating 
to financial instruments in the Group’s treasury book and (ii) fluctuating market interest rates adversely 
affecting the value of the Issuer’s book financial instruments. As at the date of the Issuer’s most recent 
unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements (being 30 June 2020), the Issuer’s interest rate risk 
exposure is an amount equal to RUB 3,756,017,757.

--- Page 20 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
20 
The Issuer’s foreign exchange rate risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets 
and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the Issuer's measurement currency (being Russian 
Roubles) and the Issuer has to make relevant conversions into Russian Roubles accordingly. In such 
circumstances, unfavourable exchange rates relating to Russian Roubles could lead to the Issuer suffering 
losses. As at the date of the Issuer’s most recent unaudited and consolidated interim financial s tatements 
(being 30 June 2020), the Issuer’s foreign exchange rate exposure in respect of its assets is an amount equal 
to RUB 205,397,595,863 and, in respect of its liabilities, an amount equal to RUB 195,175,207,968.  
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk, being the risk that a lack of funding prevents the Issuer from being able to 
finance its activities (i.e. to ensure the growth of its assets or perform its obligations as they fall due). The Issuer 
is subject to the following types of liquidity risk:  
(i) 
physical liquidity risk, being the risk of default by the Issuer on its liabilities to counterparties in any 
currency because of a shortage of cash or non-cash funds; and 
(ii) 
structural liquidity risk (i.e. concentration risk), being the risk of a significant deterioration of the 
Issuer’s physical or regulatory liquidity due to an imbalance in the Issuer’s asset and liability structure, 
which arises from a mismatch between the maturity of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities. Although an 
unmatched position potentially enhances profitability, it can also increase the risk of losses for the 
Issuer.  
The Issuer’s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted by, inter alia, its 
investment activity in securities, the levels of its capital expenditures, its acquisition and divestiture activity and 
the amount of coupon payments made by it. Factors outside of the Issuer’s control can also adversely affect its 
liquidity, including, without limitation, general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies and/or regulatory changes.  
If the Issuer is unable to finance its activities due to a lack of liquidity, this could lead creditors to form a negative 
view of Issuer’s liquidity. This could result in higher borrowing costs and decreased access to various funding 
sources for the Issuer, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial position or prospects. 
Impact of COVID-19 
The COVID-19 outbreak has had, and continues to have, a material impact on businesses around the 
world and the economic environments in which they operate. There are a number of factors associated 
with the outbreak and its impact on global economies that could have a material adverse effect on 
(among other things) the profitability, capital and liquidity of financial institutions such as the Issuer. 
As yet, the Issuer has not faced direct financial impact as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak however, 
there is no guarantee this will not be the case in future. 
Risks factors relating to the Republic of Cyprus 
Adverse financial measures may be adopted in Cyprus in connection with its bailout 
In response to the deterioration of economic conditions in Cyprus in 2012 and 2013, the Cypriot government 
agreed to the Economic Adjustment Programme (the “EAP”) with the European Central Bank, the European 
Commission and the International Monetary Fund (together, the “Troika”) on 2 April 2013. In March 2016, 
Cyprus exited its 3-year EAP. Cyprus is now subject to post-programme surveillance (“PPS”) until at least 
75% of the financial assistance received has been repaid. If no early repayments are made, PPS may last until 
2029, at the earliest. Further disruption to the Cyprus banking system, or additional changes in connection 
with Cyprus’ bailout, are possible and such disruptions or changes may adversely affect the Issuer's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which in turn could prevent the Issuer from meeting 
its obligations under the Notes. Moreover, there can be no assurance that financial assistance to the Cypriot 
government from the Troika will continue in the future and discontinuance of such financial assistance could 
lead to another downturn in the Cypriot economy which may have a negative effect on the Issuer's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Risks related to the Cyprus government’s financial measure package in support of the Cypriot economy and 
banking sector following the COVID-19 pandemic 
As part of the Cypriot government's financial rescue package in support of the Cypriot economy and banking 
sector following the COVID-19 pandemic, the Taking of Emergency Suspension measures by Financial 
Institutions and Regulatory Authorities Law, L. 33(I)/2020 (the “Law 33(I)/2020” ) was enacted on 29 March 
2020. Pursuant to said Law , the Minister of Finance became authorized to issue and did then issue, on 30 
March 2020, the Taking of Emergency Suspension Measures by Financial Institutions and Regulatory 
Authorities Decree, RAA 134/2020, allowing for the mandatory suspension, upon application by the 
borrower (any natural or legal person) to a financial institution, of such borrower's obligations towards the

--- Page 21 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
21 
corresponding financial institution, in particular, any loan and / or facilities instalments and interest payments 
due, for a duration of nine (9) months, that is until 31 December 2020. Although the suspension of loan 
instalments relief was granted solely in relation to what were at the time performing loans, there is some 
concern that a fraction of these loans may eventually turn non-performing due to the overall situation and 
global recession consequent to the pandemic and therefore adversely increase, with additional non- 
performing loans for the financial year 2020/2021, the balance sheets of the Cypriot credit institutions, which 
are already heavily burdened with legacy non-performing loans from the 2013 financial crisis on the island. 
Insolvency risks under Cypriot Law 
The Issuer may be deemed insolvent under Cypriot law if it is unable to pay its debts and this includes both 
the balance sheet test and cash flow test. The following would be taken into consideration in determining 
whether the Issuer is insolvent as a matter of Cypriot law, pursuant to the provisions of section 212 of the 
Companies Law, Cap 113, as amended (the "Companies Law"):  
(i) 
it has failed to comply with a statutory demand for payment served on it in accordance with the 
provisions of section 212(a) of the Companies Law; 
(ii) 
execution or process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a Cypriot court in favour of a creditor 
is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; 
(iii) 
if proven to the satisfaction of the court, taking into account the contingent and the future liabilities of 
the Issuer, that the value of its liabilities exceeds the value of its assets (the “balance sheet test”); or 
(iv) 
if proven to the satisfaction of the court, taking into account the contingent and the future liabilities of 
the Issuer, that it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due (the “cash flow test”). 
The insolvency proceedings to which the Issuer could be subject to in Cyprus are (i) receivership, (ii) 
administration and (iii) winding up (a) by the court, (b) voluntarily by its shareholders or creditors or (c) 
subject to the supervision of the court. As the Notes are unsecured obligations, in the event of the insolvency 
of the Issuer, Noteholders would be unsecured creditors of the Issuer (and each Noteholder would rank pari 
passu with each other) and, depending on the size of the insolvency proceeds recovered following such 
insolvency, each Noteholder may receive less than it would have expected to receive under the Notes (and 
this may be less than its initial investment).  
The Companies Law also allows for a formal court-supervised corporate rehabilitation/recovery process, 
examinership, which is designed to enable potentially viable companies to explore all opportunities to ensure 
their survival as a going concern. An examiner is appointed to review a company's affairs, consider its 
viability for the future and, if feasible, formulate proposals for the company's financial survival. The 
examinership process involves a statutory moratorium (court protection period) which may cause delays in 
the enforcement by any investor of its rights under the Notes. 
As with most developed insolvency laws, certain transactions (which would include the purchase of any 
Notes by an investor) may be challenged during a winding up procedure if they were entered into during 
specified periods and at a time when the company was insolvent; such voidable transactions include unfair 
preferences. 
The Issuer has its registered office in Cyprus. As a result, pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings ("the 
Regulation") (which, in turn, pursuant to Article 92 of the Regulation shall apply as of 26 June 2017), there 
is a rebuttable presumption that its centre of main interest ("COMI") is in Cyprus and consequently that any 
main insolvency proceedings applicable to it would be governed by Cypriot law. As the Issuer has its 
registered office in Cyprus, has Cypriot directors, will be registered for tax in Cyprus, the Issuer does not 
believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although this would ultimately be a matter for 
the relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that 
decision. If the Issuer's COMI is not located in Cyprus, and is held to be in a different jurisdiction within the 
European Union, main insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Cyprus. Although strictly speaking 
unrelated to the above rebuttable presumption for the determination of its COMI, a company’ s tax residency 
is determined in Cypriot law via the "management and control" test. There is no definition in Cypriot tax 
laws as to what constitutes "management and control". It is generally accepted and in line with international 
tax practices that the following conditions should be considered to determine if a company is classified as a 
resident of Cyprus for tax purposes: 
(a) 
the majority of the meetings of the board of directors are held in Cyprus; 
(b) 
the majority of important decisions are taken in Cyprus; and 
(c) 
the majority of the directors are resident in Cyprus.

--- Page 22 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
22 
In addition to the above, for the purposes of obtaining tax residency certificates from the Cypriot tax 
authorities, the following factors are also considered: 
(a) 
whether the board of directors exercises control and makes key management and commercial 
decisions necessary for the company's operations and general policies; 
(b) 
whether shareholders' meetings are held in Cyprus; 
(c) 
whether any general powers of attorney are issued to non-Cypriot tax residents; 
(d) 
whether the corporate seal and all statutory books and records are maintained in Cyprus; 
(e) 
whether corporate filing and reporting functions are performed by representatives located in Cyprus; 
and 
(f) 
whether agreements relating to the company's business and assets are executed or signed in Cyprus. 
In this case, since the Issuer is registered for value added tax in Cyprus and all the Directors of the Issuer are 
resident in Cyprus, this will assist in determining that tax residency should be presumed to be in Cyprus, 
which would also strengthen the rebuttable presumption that the Issuer’s COMI is in Cyprus. 
Risk factor relating to the ultimate shareholder of the Issuer 
The ultimate shareholder owning and controlling the Issuer is Oleg Mikhasenko, who is the sole ultimate 
beneficial owner of the Group. The Issuer does not have any specific measures in place to ensure that this 
position of control is not abused. If such position of control is abused, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations and future prospects which may, in turn, result 
in the Issuer being unable to fulfil its obligation to Noteholders under the Notes.  
Risks factors relating to the Russian Federation 
Economic, political and legal uncertainty in Russia could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. 
A significant proportion (roughly 20 per cent.) of the Issuer’s revenue is derived from Russian investors 
and, as such, a large number of the Issuer’s counterparties are based in Russia. Instability in Russia (as 
further described in more detail in the risk factors below) could seriously impact Russian counterparties’ 
ability to invest which could lead to a reduction in the Issuer’s revenue. Any such reduction in revenue 
could potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments to Noteholders under the Notes in part or 
in full.  
Risks relating to the Russian economy 
The Russian economy has been subject to abrupt downturns in the past, and has, at various times, 
experienced volatilities in GDP, levels of unemployment, inflation, interest rates and foreign exchange 
rates. As Russia produces and exports large quantities of crude oil, natural gas, metal products and other 
commodities, its economy is particularly vulnerable to fluctuations in the prices of commodities on the 
world market. Most recently, the Russian economy suffered (i) at the onset of the global financial and 
economic crisis in the latter part of 2008 and the early part of 2009, (ii) when oil prices started to decline 
rapidly and substantially in mid-2014 and (iii) as a result of significant declines in oil prices and the 
COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. Adverse economic developments in respect of the Russian economy may 
result in a deterioration in the financial condition of the Issuer’s Russian investors which could lower 
demand for the Issuer’s services. Furthermore, a worsening in the financial condition of the Issuer’s 
Russian counterparties (e.g. failure to meet applicable capital commitments or insolvency) could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s revenue and potentially impact its ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders under the Notes in part or in full. 
Risks relating to Russia's relations with other countries and sanctions 
Over the past several years, Russia has been involved in conflicts, both economic and military, including 
conflicts with neighbouring states. On several occasions, this has resulted in the deterioration of Russia's 
relations with other members of the international community, including the United States and various 
countries in Europe. The emergence of new or an escalation of existing tensions between Russia and 
neighbouring and other states could negatively affect the Russian economy. 
The political instability and armed conflict in Ukraine, heightened levels of tension between Russia and other 
states, the imposition by the United States, the European Union and other countries of sanctions and other 
restrictive measures against Russia, and the imposition by Russia of counter-measures, including import and 
travel restrictions, have had in the past, and may continue to have in the future, an adverse effect on the 
Russian economy. 
The introduction of additional sanctions on Russian companies or sectors of the Russian economy, including 
the financial services sector and/or the energy sector, may further negatively affect the Russian economy and

--- Page 23 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
23 
investment climate and lead to the acceleration of capital flight from Russia, weakening of the Rouble and 
further deterioration of the Russian economy. 
Any of the foregoing would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s Russian investors (and future 
potential Russian investors) and, as such, may negatively impact the Issuer’s revenue streams which could 
result in the Issuer being unable to meet its obligations to investors in the Notes in part, or in full. 
Risks relating to political instability in Russia 
Emerging markets such as Russia are subject to heightened volatility resulting from political and economic 
conflicts which also may occur as a result of recent global geo-political events in connection with political 
crisis in Ukraine and sanctions imposed against Russia. In addition, Russian political and legal systems 
remain vulnerable to public dissatisfaction which had led in the past and may lead in the future to social 
protests and unrest. Any disruption or reversal of the reform policies or any recurrence of political or 
governmental instability or significant or recurring terrorist attacks or social unrest may lead to a deterioration 
in Russia's investment climate and trading volatility, which could materially adversely affect Russian 
counterparties’ ability to invest resulting in a reduction in the Issuer’s revenue and, in turn, preventing it from 
fulfilling its obligations to Noteholders under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Russian legal system and Russian legislation 
The independence of the judicial system from economic and political influences in Russia is still developing. 
The court system is reported to be understaffed and underfunded. Government authorities in Russia have a 
high degree of discretion and may at times exercise their discretion arbitrarily, without hearing or prior notice, 
or in a manner that is influenced by political or commercial considerations. Selective or arbitrary 
governmental actions have included unscheduled inspections by regulators, suspension or withdrawal of 
licences and permits, unexpected tax audits, criminal prosecutions and civil actions The occurrence of such 
selective or arbitrary action against some or all Issuer’s Russian investors may negatively impact the Issuer’s 
revenue streams and could result in the Issuer being unable to meet its obligations to Noteholders under the 
Notes in part or in full. 
Risks relating to the Russian taxation system  
Russian companies are subject to a broad range of Russian taxes and charges imposed at the federal, regional 
and local levels, including, but not limited to, corporate income tax, value added tax (“VAT”), property tax 
and payroll related social security contributions. 
Since Russian federal, regional and local tax laws and regulations have been subject to frequent changes, 
the interpretation and application of these laws and regulations is often unclear, unstable or non-existent. 
Differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations may exist both among and within government bodies 
at federal, regional and local levels, increasing the amount of uncertainty and tax risks and leading to the 
inconsistent enforcement of these laws and regulations. Furthermore, taxpayers, the Russian Ministry of 
Finance and Russian tax authorities often interpret tax laws and regulations differently. In some instances, 
the Russian tax authorities have applied new interpretations of tax laws and regulations retroactively. 
All the aforesaid evolving tax conditions create tax risks in Russia that are greater than the tax risks 
typically found in countries with more developed taxation, legislative and judicial systems. The 
imposition of additional tax liabilities on the Issuer's Russian investors may have a material adverse effect 
on their business, results of operations or financial condition, which may result in a decrease in the 
Issuer’s revenue. As a result of such reduction in revenue, the Issuer may not be able to fulfil its 
obligations to Noteholders under the Notes. 
Risks relating to potential changes to the legislation surrounding Russian Retail Investors 
On 8 December 2020, the Governor of the Central Bank of Russia announced a new bill, developed in 
conjunction with the Russian Ministry of Finance, which is set to offer additional protections to Russian 
retail investors. The particulars of such bill are expected to be published  in due course but the bill is 
expected to impose additional restrictions on the sale of complex financial products, structured products, 
leveraged products and products with a foreign underlying component offered to non-qualified investors. 
Any such restrictions could restrict some of the Issuer’s current business . As yet, the Issuer has not faced 
direct financial impact as a result of this proposed legislation but investors should be aware that such 
bill could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s revenues in the future and such reduction in revenue 
could potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments to Noteholders under the Notes in part or 
in full. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES

--- Page 24 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
24 
Risk factors relating to the specific nature of the Notes 
In addition to the risks relating to the Issuer (including default risk) that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the risks associated with an investment in Notes issued under the Programme. 
Such factors will vary depending on the type of Notes issued, in particular in relation to Notes (“Underlying 
Reference Linked Notes”) where the interest and/or redemption amount of which is linked to the value of 
one or more index, share, GDR or ADR, commodity, commodity index, unit, interest or share in a fund, the 
credit of one or more reference entity, interest in exchange traded funds, exchange traded notes, exchange 
traded commodities or other exchange traded products (each an “exchange traded instrument”), foreign 
exchange rate, underlying interest rate or the combination of any of the foregoing or such other underlying 
or basis of reference (each an “Underlying Reference”). 
The amount payable on redemption may be significantly less than the value of an investment in the Notes 
Each Noteholder may receive an amount on redemption and/or physical delivery of securities together with 
cash in respect of the Notes. The amount payable on redemption and/or the aggregate value of securities 
physically delivered and cash may be significantly less than the value of the Noteholder's investment in 
such Notes.  
Risks relating to the Calculation Agent’s ability to modify the terms of the Notes 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing 
market standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, modify the 
terms of the Notes to the extent necessary to preserve any consistency between the Notes and the hedging 
transaction. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Notes, it will do so without regard to the 
interests of the holders of the Notes and any such modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the 
holder of the Notes.  
Risks relating to the Notes as unsecured obligations 
The Notes are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu with 
themselves. Although the Notes can be linked to an Underlying Reference, Noteholders will not have any 
right of recourse under the Notes to any such Underlying Reference.  
Risks relating to unestablished or illiquid secondary market in respect of the Notes 
There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop, or, if one does 
develop, that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not 
maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. If additional 
and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. It is 
not possible to predict the price at which Notes will trade in the secondary market.  
Also, to the extent Notes of a particular issue are redeemed in part, the number of Notes of such issue 
outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity for the remaining Notes of such issue. A 
decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated 
with the price of such issue of Notes. A lack of liquidity for the Notes may mean that investors are not 
able to sell their Notes or may not be able to sell their Notes at a price equal to the price which they paid for 
them, and consequently investors may suffer a partial or total loss of the amount of their investment. 
A Note's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value 
The purchase price of a Note may not necessarily reflect its inherent value. Any difference between a Note's 
purchase price and its inherent value may be due to a number of different factors including, without 
limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, discounts or commissions paid or accorded to the various 
parties involved in structuring and/or distributing the Note. 
Risks relating to the early redemption of the Notes 
In the event that the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding as provided in Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may 
redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
In the event that one or more Events of Default (as defined at Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes) occur, the Notes may become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount. In addition, in the case of an Index Linked Note, Share Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note, 
Fund Linked Note, an ETI Linked Note or an Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note, if “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
on the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at 
their Automatic Early Redemption Amount. In the case of an Index Linked Note, Share Linked Note,

--- Page 25 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
25 
Commodity Linked Note, an ETI Linked Note or an Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note, if an Additional 
Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs and “Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event” and/or “Optional Additional Disruption Event” is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
In such circumstances, Noteholders may receive an amount as a result of an early redemption which would 
be less than the Noteholders expected to receive if the Notes had continued to maturity.  
Risks relating to the early redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
Risks relating to leverage  
Notes which are structured to include a multiplier or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile 
market values than more standard securities. 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to an Underlying 
Reference, and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential 
multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the Underlying Reference moves in the anticipated 
direction, it will conversely magnify losses when the Underlying Reference moves against expectations. If 
the leverage is negative, the maximum loss for investors shall be the amount of their initial investment 
in the Notes. If the relevant Notes include leverage, potential holders of such Notes should note that these 
Notes will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses will be higher (other 
things being equal) than those of a similar Note which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest 
in leveraged Notes if they fully understand the effect of leverage. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
In certain circumstances at the commencement of an offer period in respect of Notes but prior to the issue 
date of such Notes certain specific information (specifically the fixed rate of interest, minimum and/or 
maximum rate of interest payable, the margin applied to the floating rate of interest payable, the Gearing 
applied to the interest or final payout, the Gearing Up applied to the final payout, (in the case of Autocall 
Notes, Autocall One Touch Notes or Autocall Standard Notes) the FR Rate component of the final payout 
(which will be payable if certain conditions are met, as set out in the Payout Conditions) and/or the 
Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level used to ascertain whether a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event, as 
applicable, has occurred) may not be known. In these circumstances the Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus will specify in place of the relevant rate, level or percentage, as applicable, an indicative range of 
rates, levels or percentages. The actual rate, level or percentage, as applicable, applicable to the Notes will 
be selected by the Issuer from within the range and will be notified to investors prior to the issue date. 
The actual rate, level or percentage, as applicable, will be determined in accordance with market conditions 
by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes will be required to make their investment decision based on the indicative 
range rather than the actual rate, level or percentage, as applicable, which will only be fixed after the 
investment decision is made but will apply to the Notes once issued. There is a risk that the actual rate, level 
or percentage, as applicable, will fix at the lowest rate specified in the indicative range and this have a 
negative impact on the interest payable and/or final return on the Notes when compared with another rate, 
level or percentage, as applicable, within the indicative range. 
A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule 
charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata 
commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional - domestic or foreign - parties are 
involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign 
markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, 
commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must also 
take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform themselves 
about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before 
investing in the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
26 
A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax impact on that Noteholder of its 
investment in the Notes. The Issuer advises all investors to contact their own tax advisors for advice on the 
tax impact of an investment in the Notes. 
Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency are exposed to the risk of changing foreign 
exchange rates 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
Holders of Notes denominated in any currency other than their domestic currency are exposed to the risk of 
changing foreign exchange rates. This risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the Issuer 
or the type of Note being issued. 
Risks relating to a minimum trading amount of the Notes 
Investors should note that the Notes may have a minimum trading amount. The minimum trading amount (if 
any) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. In such cases, if, following 
the transfer of any Notes, a holder holds fewer Notes than the specified minimum trading amount, such 
holder will not be permitted to transfer their remaining Notes prior to redemption without first purchasing 
enough additional Notes in order to hold the minimum trading amount. 
Risks relating to meetings of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Therefore, a decision may be made 
that could potentially adversely affects a Noteholder’s interests without the such Noteholder having given its 
consent to such decision.  
Risks relating to Notes linked to emerging markets 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount payable on redemption or the interest payable is linked to 
Underlying References which consist of (i) securities, funds or indices comprising securities of issuers 
that are located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which 
are denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of 
emerging or developing countries. Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated 
with investment in such Notes, including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse 
governmental policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate 
fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, 
interpretation and application of laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, 
nationalisation and confiscation. Notes traded in emerging or developing countries tend to be less liquid and 
the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in some such markets may be 
slower and more subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Increased custodian costs as well as administrative difficulties (such as the applicability of the laws of the 
jurisdictions of emerging or developing countries to custodians in such jurisdictions in various 
circumstances, including bankruptcy, ability to recover lost assets, expropriation, nationalisation and record 
access) may also arise from the maintenance of assets in such emerging or developing countries. 
Prospective purchasers of such Notes should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a 
disruption event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain 
developing or emerging markets. Prospective purchasers are expected to conduct their own enquiries and be 
satisfied that there are additional risks associated with investments linked to the performance of underlying 
assets located in these markets. 
Risk factors relating to interest payable under the Notes 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
In addition, a holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of 
the relevant securities, such as Fixed Rate Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus as Resettable Notes, is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income.

--- Page 27 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
27 
Noteholders will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite 
yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the 
Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline as investors may only reinvest the interest income paid to them at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue both Fixed Rate Notes may affect the 
market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
The rate of interest payable on the Notes or the amount payable or deliverable on redemption or exercise 
of the Notes may be changed during the life of the Notes 
If Coupon Switch Election or Automatic Coupon Switch is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, the rate of interest payable may be switched from one rate or amount to another in the 
Issuer's sole and absolute discretion (in the case of Coupon Switch Election) or following the occurrence of 
an Automatic Coupon Switch Event (in the case of an Automatic Coupon Switch). If Payout Switch 
Election or Automatic Payout Switch is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
the amount payable or deliverable on redemption or exercise may be switched from one amount payable 
or deliverable to another in the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion (in the case of Payout Switch Election) 
or following the occurrence of an Automatic Payout Switch Event (in the case of an Automatic Payout 
Switch). As a consequence of the exercise of a Coupon Switch Election or Payout Switch Election or the 
occurrence of an Automatic Coupon Switch Event or Automatic Payout Switch Event, the Underlying 
Reference may be changed. As the payout on such Notes may be switched during the life of the Notes 
investors may receive a return which differs from, and may be significantly less than that which they expected 
to receive or they may receive no return. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially 
below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other 
notes having the same maturity. 
Risks factors relating to the taxation in respect of the Notes 
Risks relating to withholding tax 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Risks relating to withholding on payments contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source 
dividends 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code require withholding of 
up to 30% (depending on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed 
payments made to non-U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are 
contingent upon or determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends. These rules differentiate between 
"Delta-One" and "Non-Delta-One" transactions. This withholding generally applies to such Notes, but should 
not apply to Non-Delta-One Notes issued before 1 January 2023 (unless the Non-Delta-One Notes are 
"significantly modified" on or after 1 January 2023). Significant aspects of the application of these regulations 
to the Notes are uncertain. Payments on Notes, other than Non-Delta-One Notes that are issued before 1 
January 2023, that are treated by the applicable Treasury Regulations as being contingent upon, or determined 
by reference to, any U.S. source dividends may be subject to this withholding. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents amounts will generally be required when the relevant payment 
is made on a Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a non-U.S. investor of the Notes. 
Notes may be treated as paying dividend equivalent amounts to the extent U.S. source dividends are expected 
to be paid on the underlying equity securities, even if no corresponding payment on the Note is explicitly 
linked to such dividends and even if, upon maturity, lapse or other disposition by the non-U.S. investor, the 
investor realizes a loss. The regulations provide exceptions to withholding, in particular for certain 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts

--- Page 28 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
28 
as a result of the withholding. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) and the applicable regulations to the Notes. 
Risks relating to the withholding of tax on disposals of the Notes in the Russian Federation 
Where the proceeds from a disposition of the Notes are received from a source within Russia by a non- 
resident Noteholder who is an individual, tax should be charged at the rate of 30 per cent. on the gross 
amount of the proceeds from the disposition of the Notes (including accrued and paid interest), less any 
available duly documented cost deductions (including the acquisition cost of the Notes and other documented 
expenses related to the acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal of the Notes), provided that the 
documentation supporting cost deductions is made available in a timely manner to the tax agent that is 
required to calculate and withhold Russian personal income tax. For personal income tax purposes, deductible 
costs and the proceeds from a disposition of the Notes are converted into Russian roubles at the exchange 
rate of the Central Bank of Russia as of the date when the costs were incurred and the proceeds were 
received. This may result in taxable income in Russian rouble terms, due to a devaluation of the Russian 
rouble (whereas in foreign currency terms there might be no gain or even a capital loss). 
Although tax on the proceeds from a disposition of the Notes may be reduced or eliminated under the 
provisions of an applicable double tax treaty, subject to compliance with the treaty clearance formalities, in 
practice, individuals may not always be able to obtain advance treaty relief in respect of the receipt of 
proceeds or interest income received from a source within Russia. Obtaining a refund of taxes withheld can 
be difficult, or impossible in some cases. Further, even though the Russian Tax Code requires only a Russian 
professional asset manager or broker, or another person (including an economically autonomous subdivision 
of a foreign company in Russia or an individual entrepreneur located in Russia) acting in a similar capacity, 
to withhold the tax from payment to an individual associated with a disposition of securities, there is no 
guarantee that other Russian companies or foreign companies operating in Russia or an individual 
entrepreneur located in Russia would not seek to withhold the tax. 
In the event that the proceeds from a redemption, sale or other disposition of the Notes are received from  a 
source within the Russian Federation, a non-resident Noteholder that is a legal entity should not be  subject 
to any Russian withholding tax on any gain on sale or other disposition of the Notes. There is  some 
uncertainty regarding the tax treatment of the portion of the sales or disposal proceeds, if any, attributable to 
accrued interest (coupon) on the Notes (i.e., debt obligations) where the proceeds from the  sale or other 
disposition of the Notes are received from a source within Russia by a non-resident Noteholder that is a legal 
entity. This uncertainty is caused by isolated precedents in which the Russian tax authorities challenged the 
non-application of the Russian tax to the amount of accrued interest  (coupon) embedded into the sale price 
of debt obligations. It is possible that a Russian entity or a foreign entity with a registered tax presence in 
Russia which purchases the Notes or acts as an intermediary may seek to assess Russian withholding tax at 
the rate of 20 per cent. (or such other rate as could be effective at the time of such sale or other disposal) on 
the accrued interest portion of the disposal proceeds. 
In addition, while certain Noteholders might be eligible for an exemption from, or a reduction in, Russian 
withholding tax under applicable double tax treaties, there is no assurance that such exemption or reduction 
will be available in practice under such circumstances. 
Risks factors relating to Benchmarks Regulation and LIBOR in respect of the Notes 
Risks relating to the reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity 
and foreign exchange rate index “benchmarks” 
The London Inter-bank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other 
interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became applicable 
from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation could 
have a material impact on any listed Notes linked to a LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark”  are changed 
in order to comply with the requirements terms of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such , and such changes 
could, among  (amongst other things, ) have the effect of reducing,  or increasing or otherwise the rate or 
level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level , of the “benchmark”. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other reforms proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" , could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark"  and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in contribute to certain

--- Page 29 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
29 
"benchmarks,", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
disappearance discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced 
that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark 
after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated 
benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR 
on the current basis (or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. In addition, on 29 November 
2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling 
risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA 
is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes 
and, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, any discontinuation of the reference rate could result in the interest 
rate for the Notes becoming fixed at the last published rate (plus any margin). Investors should consult their 
own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the 
Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
 
Risks factors relating to Underlying Reference Linked Notes 
Investments in Underlying Reference Linked Notes entail significant risks and may not be appropriate for 
investors lacking financial expertise.  
Underlying Reference Linked Notes are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption 
amounts and/or interest payments but amounts payable (whether in respect of principal and/or interest) or 
deliverable will be dependent upon the performance of the Underlying Reference which themselves may 
contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, correlation, time value, political and/or other risks. 
The exposure to the Underlying Reference in many cases will be achieved by the Issuer entering into 
hedging arrangements. Potential investors should be aware that under the terms of Underlying Reference 
Linked Notes they are exposed to the performance of these hedging arrangements and the events that 
may affect these hedging arrangements and consequently the occurrence of any of these events may adversely 
affect the value of the Notes. 
An investment in Underlying Reference Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks that are not 
associated with similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks 
include, among other things, the possibility that: 
 
the Underlying Reference may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition 
of any such Underlying Reference itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the Underlying 
Reference; 
 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt 
security issued by the Issuer at the same time; 
 
the holder of an Underlying Reference Linked Note could lose all or a substantial portion of the 
principal of such Note (whether payable at maturity or upon redemption or repayment), and, if 
the principal is lost, interest may cease to be payable on such Note; 
 
any Note that is linked to more than one type of Underlying Reference, or on formulae that 
encompass the risks associated with more than one type of Underlying Reference, may carry 
levels of risk that are greater than Notes that are indexed to one type of Underlying Reference 
only; 
 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to 
Underlying Reference Linked Notes; and 
 
a significant market disruption could mean that any Underlying Reference ceases to exist. 
In addition, the value of Underlying Reference Linked Notes on the secondary market is subject to greater 
levels of risk than is the value of other Notes and the market price of such Notes may be very volatile or 
there may even be no (or very limited) secondary market at all. The secondary market, if any, for Underlying 
Reference Linked Notes will be affected by a number of factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer the creditworthiness of any reference entity, the value of the applicable Underlying Reference, 
including the volatility of the Underlying Reference, the time remaining to the maturity of such Notes, 
the amount outstanding of such Notes and market interest rates. The value of the applicable Underlying 
Reference, depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events,

--- Page 30 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
30 
over which the Issuer has no control. Accordingly, investors in the Notes must rely on their own sources of 
analysis or credit analysis with respect to any Underlying Reference.  
The historical experience of the Underlying Reference should not be taken as an indication of future 
performance of such Underlying Reference during the term of any such Note. 
Additionally, there may be regulatory and other ramifications associated with the ownership by certain 
investors of certain Underlying Reference Linked Notes. 
The risks reflect the nature of such a Note as an asset which, other factors held constant, tends to decline in 
value over time and which may become worthless when it expires or is redeemed. The risk of the loss of 
some or all of the purchase price of an Underlying Reference Linked Note upon redemption means that, 
in order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of such Note must generally 
be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant 
Underlying Reference. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower the value of an Underlying 
Reference Linked Note and the shorter the remaining term of any such Note to redemption, the greater the 
risk that holders of such Notes will lose all or part of their investment. 
The Amount Payable on Redemption may be Significantly Less than the Value of an Investment in the Notes 
Each Noteholder may receive an amount on redemption and/or physical delivery of securities together with 
cash for roundings in respect of any Underlying Reference Linked Notes. The amount payable on redemption 
and/or the aggregate value of securities physically delivered and cash may be significantly less than the value 
of the Noteholder's investment in such Notes. In particular, in the case of any such Notes exposed to the 
performance of a basket of Underlying References, the securities so delivered may relate to or, the cash 
redemption amount may be calculated by reference to, the worst performing Underlying Reference or any 
other formula specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Noteholders may have a limited exposure to an Underlying Reference 
If the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus provide that the exposure of any Underlying 
Reference Linked Notes to one or more Underlying References is limited or capped to a certain level or 
amount, such Notes will not benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying References beyond 
such limit or cap. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
If an Additional Disruption Event or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable 
Final Terms occurs, the Notes may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Linked Notes 
linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket of Shares) or redemption or the amount payable on 
scheduled redemption may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. In the 
case of Index Linked Notes linked to a Custom Index the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event or 
Optional Additional Redemption Event specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus may 
lead to the selection of a successor Index. The Additional Disruption Events relate to changes in law 
(including changes in tax or regulatory capital requirements) and hedging disruption in respect of any hedging 
transactions relating to the Notes (both as more fully set out in the Conditions). Optional Additional 
Disruption Events relate to force majeure, increased cost of any hedging transactions or stock borrowings or 
loss of any stock borrowings in respect of the Notes, insolvency filing in respect of an equity is suer or stop-
loss event in respect of an equity security (all as fully set out in the Conditions). 
Consequently the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Notes. 
Risks relating to physical delivery Notes 
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Notes), if a 
Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Notes, settlement will be 
postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. 
The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu 
of delivering the Entitlement. 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs the Issuer has the right in lieu of delivery of the assets affected 
by such event pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount. The Disruption Cash Redemption Amount 
and/or the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount may be less than the fair market value of the Entitlement. 
Risks relating to Dynamic Notes 
The Issuer may issue dynamic Notes (“Dynamic Notes”). Dynamic Notes may be linked to a portfolio or 
strategy often comprising assets with a greater potential for return and consequently greater risk (e.g. a 
Hedge Fund) and assets with a lower return and consequently lesser risk (e.g. a zero coupon debt security 
issued by an issuer with a high credit rating). The portfolio or strategy may include leverage on certain

--- Page 31 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
31 
specified terms. The portfolio or strategy is dynamic and may rebalance between the relevant assets 
based upon a specified allocation methodology. The value of Dynamic Notes is determined by reference to 
the underlying portfolio or strategy. This portfolio or strategy may change during the term of the Notes which 
may negatively affect the value of, and any return on, the Notes. 
Considering the above aspects, Dynamic Notes are by their nature intrinsically complex, which makes their 
evaluation difficult, in terms of risk at the time of the purchase as well as thereafter. Investors should 
therefore purchase Dynamic Notes only after having completely understood and evaluated either themselves 
or with a financial adviser the nature and the risk inherent in the Dynamic Notes. 
Risks relating to Index Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
level of an index or indices (“Index Linked Notes”). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur 
at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that 
may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes 
in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or 
result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of Index Linked Notes may be volatile 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index or indices may be 
traded. The index may reference equities, bonds or other securities, it may be a property index referencing 
certain property price data which will be subject to market price fluctuations or reference a number of 
different assets or indices. A property index may include valuations only and not actual transactions and the 
property data sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely affect 
the return on the Notes. 
Risks relating to leverage and Index Linked Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or 
the indices on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to Index Linked Notes linked to a custom index 
Index Linked Notes linked to a custom index are linked to a proprietary index which may be sponsored 
and/or calculated by the Issuer or one of its Affiliates. Index Linked Notes linked to a custom index will 
only be offered as Exempt Notes. Pursuant to the operational rules of the relevant custom index, the 
custom index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example on each weekday). In the 
event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the custom index is not available for 
any reason on a relevant day of calculation (e.g. either because it is a non-scheduled trading day in respect 
of that index component or that index component is subject to market disruption or otherwise), then the 
Calculation Agent of the custom index may, but is not obliged to, calculate the level of the custom 
index on that day by taking a value for the affected index component from the first preceding day on which 
a level for such affected index component was available and this could adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
Various legal entities within the Group may undertake the role of calculation agent of the Notes, sponsor of 
the underlying custom index and calculation agent of the underlying custom index and, in each case, have no 
obligation to act in the best interests of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to trade on and hedge its obligations in respect of the 
custom index under the Notes notwithstanding the calculation or publication of the level of the custom index. 
In the event that any relevant date for valuation is a Disrupted Day for the custom index, that valuation 
date will be the first succeeding day on which the Issuer or relevant affiliate is able to trade on and hedge 
its obligations in respect of the custom index, subject to a specified maximum days of disruption, as more 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes and this in turn could have an material adverse impact 
on the return on the Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Adjustment Events

--- Page 32 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
32 
If an index adjustment event (as described in the terms and conditions of the Notes) occurs the Issuer may 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines appropriate to the terms of the Notes 
or redeem the Notes. Such action may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected 
Underlying Reference Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to Share Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
price of or changes in the price of shares, GDRs and/or ADRs or a basket of shares, GDRs and/or ADRs or, 
depending on the price of or change in the price of shares, GDRs or ADRs or the basket of shares, GDRs 
and/or ADRs, the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified number of shares, GDRs 
and/or ADRs (“Share Linked Notes”). Accordingly an investment in Share Linked Notes may bear similar 
market risks to a direct equity investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Share Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or 
delivery of any specified shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of the share, GDR and/or 
ADR or basket of shares, GDRs and/or ADRs may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant 
price of the share(s), GDR(s) and/or ADR(s) may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price of the share(s), 
GDR(s) and/or ADR(s), the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of Share Linked Notes may be volatile 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the share or shares, the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects 
of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share or shares as well as economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any such shares may be traded. 
Risks relating to leverage and Share Linked Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the share(s), 
GDR(s) and/or ADR(s)on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to Potential Adjustment Events in respect of Share Linked Notes 
In the case of Share Linked Notes following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as 
the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any 
terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share). Such 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to Extraordinary Events in respect of Share Linked Notes 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share it may lead to: 
(a) 
adjustments to any of the terms of the Share Linked Notes (including, in the case of Share Linked 
Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the 
Basket of Shares); 
(b) 
early redemption in whole or, in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, in 
part or the amount payable on scheduled redemption being different from the amount expected to 
be paid at scheduled redemption; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent making an adjustment to any terms of the Share Linked Notes which 
corresponds to any adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the “Option 
Exchange”) or, if options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent making such adjustment, if any, to the terms of such Notes as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, 
that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the 
Options Exchange if such options were so traded.

--- Page 33 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
33 
Any such adjustment or early redemption as described above may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of the affected Share Linked Notes and, accordingly, could lead to the Noteholders receiving a 
decreased return on the Notes.  
Risks Relating to Commodity Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
price of or changes in the price of commodities and/or commodity indices or a basket of commodities and/or 
commodity indices or where, depending on the price of or change in the price of a commodity or the basket 
of commodities, the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified commodity (“Commodity 
Linked Notes”). Accordingly an investment in Commodity Linked Notes may bear similar market risks 
to a direct commodity investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Commodity 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or 
delivery of any specified commodities or commodity indices may occur at a different time than expected 
and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the 
price of the commodity and/or commodity index or basket of commodities and/or commodity indices 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or 
other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of a commodity and/or commodity index may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, 
the earlier the change in the price of the commodity or commodity index, the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of Commodity Linked Notes may be volatile 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the price of the commodity and/or commodity index. The price of commodities or 
level of a commodity index may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the relevant 
commodities or components of the commodity indices may be traded. 
Risks relating to leverage and Commodity Linked Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of a commodity 
and/or commodity index on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to Commodity Linked Notes linked to a commodity index 
Where the Notes are linked to a commodity index, such commodity index may be a well-known and 
widely available commodity index or a commodity index which may not be well known or widely available. 
The commodity index may be comprised of futures contracts, mono-indices, or other commodity indices, 
which may be proprietary. Commodity Linked Notes linked to a custom commodity index which may be 
sponsored and/or calculated by the Issuer or one of its Affiliates will only be offered as Exempt Notes. 
Pursuant to the operational rules of the relevant commodity index, the commodity index is scheduled to 
be calculated on a periodic basis (for example on each weekday). In the event that one of the levels, values 
or prices of a component included in the commodity index is not available for any reason on a relevant 
day of calculation including, without limitation, (a) where it is a not a business day in respect of that 
commodity index component or (b) that commodity index component is subject to a market disruption event, 
then the calculation agent of the commodity index may, but is not obliged to, calculate the level of the 
commodity index for the relevant day by taking a value for the affected index component on the first day 
following the end of a specified maximum days of disruption based on the price at which it is able to sell or 
otherwise realise any hedge position and this may adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
The Issuer and/or its Affiliates may not be able to hedge its obligations in respect of the commodity index 
under the Notes notwithstanding the calculation and publication of the level of the commodity index. In the 
event that a Market Disruption Event (as further described below) is occurring on the any relevant date for 
valuation, that valuation date will be postponed until the first succeeding day that is not a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, subject to a specified maximum days of disruption, as more fully set out in the Conditions 
and this in turn could have a negative impact on the return on the Notes 
Market Disruption Events relating to Commodity Linked Notes 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing on a date for valuation then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will determine if such event has a material effect on the Commodity 
Linked Notes and, if so, will calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount 
and/or make another relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price for the relevant 
Commodity or Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback Value; or

--- Page 34 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
34 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant affected Commodity or Index Component with 
a Commodity or Index Component selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out in the 
Commodity Linked Notes Conditions and will make such adjustment, if any, to any terms of the 
Notes as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer will redeem the Commodity Linked Notes. 
Consequently the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to a Commodity, Commodity or Index 
Component may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Commodity Linked Notes. 
Adjustment Events relating to Notes linked to a Commodity Index 
In the case of Notes linked to a Commodity Index, if a relevant Commodity Index is (i) not calculated and 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the Commodity Index but is calculated and announced by a 
successor sponsor or successor entity, as the case may be, acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
replaced by a successor Commodity Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity 
Index, then, in each case, that Commodity Index will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. The occurrence 
of a Commodity Index Modification, Commodity Index Cancellation or Commodity Index Disruption 
(each being a “Commodity Index Adjustment Event”) may lead to: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determining the Relevant Price using, in lieu of a published level, the 
Commodity Fallback Value (if the Calculation Agent determines such Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes); or 
(b) 
cancellation or early redemption of the Notes. 
It is possible that any such adjustment, cancellation or early redemption in respect of the Notes could have 
an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes, which would negatively impact a Noteholder’s 
return. 
Risks relating to Fund Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds or, depending on the price or changes in the 
price of units or shares in such fund or funds, the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified 
amount of Fund Shares (“Fund Linked Notes”). Accordingly an investment in Fund Linked Notes may 
bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the relevant prospectus, information memorandum and/or 
offering circular (if any) issued by any relevant fund before purchasing any Notes. None of the Issuer, any 
affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent make any representation as to the creditworthiness of any 
relevant fund or any such fund's administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Fund Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or 
delivery of any specified Fund Shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all 
or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests 
in the fund or funds may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares 
in the fund or funds may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices of the units, shares or interests in the 
fund or funds, the greater the effect on yield. 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by the 
Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled redemption date or termination date, such date may be 
postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus) and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
The market price of Fund Linked Notes may be volatile 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund or funds. The price of units or shares in a 
fund may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units in the fund or funds may be 
traded. In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund 
service providers, and in particular the investment adviser. 
Risks relating to leverage and Fund Linked Notes

--- Page 35 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
35 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the units or 
shares of the fund or funds on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to the disclosure of information in respect of the underlying fund shares or units 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus or in establishing the terms of the Fund Linked Notes, and neither the Issuer or the Dealer will 
make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information 
concerning any such issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance 
that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus) that would affect the trading price of the fund shares or units will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the trading price of the 
fund shares or units and therefore the trading price of the Notes. 
Noteholders have no participation rights in the underlying Fund 
Fund Linked Notes do not provide Noteholders with any participation rights in the underlying Fund(s) 
and except in certain circumstances in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, do not entitle holders of Fund 
Linked Notes to any ownership interest or rights in such Fund(s). 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends 
or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units to which such Notes 
relate. 
Risks relating to the performance of the underlying Fund(s) 
Where the Issuer issues Fund Linked Notes linked to one or more Funds, including Hedge Funds, Mutual 
Funds or Private Equity Funds, the relevant Notes reflect the performance of such fund(s). 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes. These investment strategies and financial 
instruments can create the risk of significant losses that may adversely affect the value of the Fund and 
therefore the return on the Fund Linked Notes. Potential investors should be aware that neither the Issuer nor 
the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by a Fund and therefore in no way guarantee 
the performance of a Fund and therefore the amount due to Noteholders on redemption of the Fund Linked 
Notes. In addition, prospective investors should note that the trading strategies of Funds are often opaque and 
Fund, as well as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by 
governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. 
The amount payable on Fund Linked Notes will be dependent on the performance of the relevant Fund(s) 
underlying the Fund Linked Notes, which may be linked to the reported Net Asset Value per Fund Share 
and/or the actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant Fund(s) 
would receive. The amount payable on the Fund Linked Notes may be less than the amount payable from 
a direct investment in the relevant Fund(s). In certain circumstances, a Fund may continue reporting a Net 
Asset Value per Fund Share, but the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor may not be able to realise their 
investment in the relevant Fund(s) at such reported Net Asset Value per Fund Share. In such a case, the 
return on the Fund Linked Notes may be less and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the 
reported performance of the relevant Fund(s) and may be zero. 
A Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder fund 
structure involves the incorporation of a “master” fund company into which separate and distinct “feeder” 
funds invest. Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the master fund 
level. In instances where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Linked Notes are “feeder” funds, 
the Extraordinary Fund Events (see below) extend to include the “master” fund and its service providers. 
In conducting their own due diligence of the relevant Fund(s), prospective investors should pay particular 
attention to whether the relevant Fund(s) are established as part of a master-feeder fund structure as this may 
negatively impact the Noteholders and potentially the value of the Notes generally.  
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in Funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying Fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Risks relating to Extraordinary Events relating to Fund Linked Notes 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes if certain events (“Extraordinary Fund Events”) including events 
relating to Global Events, Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events,

--- Page 36 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
36 
Modification Events, Net Asset Value per Fund Share/AUM Level Events, Reporting Events, 
Tax/Law/Accou nting/Regulatory Events, Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events, Dealing Events 
and Miscellaneous Events in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) occur, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, adjust the 
terms of the Notes to reflect such event, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or redeem the Notes. 
Consequently the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of the Notes. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the Fund Linked Notes, including in particular the action it takes on 
the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, in its sole and absolute discretion. Subject to all regulatory 
obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility to any of the holders 
of the Fund Linked Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in an increased loss in 
performance of the Fund Linked Notes than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
Risk relating to Credit Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
whether certain events (“Credit Events”) have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, if 
so, on the value of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities (or, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, another entity) or where, if such events have occurred, on redemption the Issuer's obligation is 
to deliver certain specified assets. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes (“CLNs”) (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may 
lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
Noteholders are exposed to credit risk on Reference Entities 
The holders of CLNs will be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference Entities, which exposure 
shall be all or a part of their investment in such Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the default events 
comprising a Credit Event with respect to any Reference Entity, the Noteholders may suffer significant 
losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. 
However, the holding of a Note is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of investing 
in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses could be considerably greater than would be suffered by 
a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such 
Reference Entity. Noteholders should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if the obligations of a 
Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange 
controls. 
Where cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Notes in a reduced principal amount or 
at zero, and, (if applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated. Where physical 
settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Notes based on the 
valuation (or by delivery) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity (or as 
otherwise specified), which obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than 
their par amount. 
Investors in the Notes are accordingly exposed, as to both principal and (if applicable) interest, to the 
credit risk of the Reference Entity. The maximum loss to an investor in the Notes is 100 per cent. of their 
initial principal investment, together with (if applicable) any interest amounts. 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Holders of the Notes may suffer a loss of some or all of the principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
one or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the Credit Event Backstop 
Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date. Neither the Calculation Agent or the Issuer nor any of 
their respective Affiliates has any responsibility to inform any Noteholder, or avoid or mitigate the effects of 
a Credit Event that has taken place prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. 
Increased credit risk is associated with “Nth-to-default” credit-linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default CLNs, the Notes will be subject to redemption in full as described 
above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the nth Reference Entity. The credit risk to 
Noteholders may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks.

--- Page 37 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
37 
Credit risk may be increased where the Reference Entities are concentrated in a particular sector or region 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default CLNs or Basket CLNs, the credit risk to investors in the Notes may 
be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks 
as other Reference Entities. 
Issuer and Calculation Agent will act in their own interests 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the terms of the CLNs, including in particular the right to 
designate a Credit Event and the right to select obligations of the affected Reference Entity for valuation or 
delivery, in its own interests and those of its Affiliates, and not in the interests of investors in such 
Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner, for example by the selection of the eligible obligations 
of the Reference Entity having the lowest possible market value for valuation or delivery, as applicable, may 
result in an increased credit loss for holders of such Notes. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or 
other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding on the Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes and making any 
determinations expressed to be made by it, for example, as to substitute Reference Obligations or 
Successors, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and is under no obligation to act 
in the interests of the Noteholders, nor will it be liable to account for any profit or other benefit which may 
accrue to it as a result of such determinations. The Calculation Agent is not bound to follow, or act in 
accordance with, any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Notes 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Holders of the Notes should be aware that the Reference Entities 
to which the value of the Notes is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may change over the term 
of the Notes. 
Payments under the Notes may be deferred or suspended 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit loss has 
not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, (ii) where a potential Credit Event exists as at the 
scheduled maturity of the Notes, or (iii) pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, payment of the redemption amount of the Notes and/or interest on the Notes may be deferred 
for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of the Notes. 
Suspension of Obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, under the terms of the Notes, the obligations of the parties 
would be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee all of the 
obligations of the Issuer under each Note (including any obligation to deliver any notices, pay any 
interest, principal or settlement amount or to make any delivery) and if so specified in the Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, all of the obligations of the Calculation Agent to calculate any interest under each 
Note shall, be and remain suspended until the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(“ISDA”) publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
the matter in question or not to determine such matters. The Calculation Agent will provide notice of such 
suspension as soon as reasonably practicable; however, any failure or delay by the Calculation Agent 
in providing such notice will not affect the validity or effect of such suspension. No interest shall accrue on 
any payments which are suspended in accordance with the above. 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
Where the Notes are redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event by reference to an auction 
sponsored by ISDA, the Issuer or its Affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such auction and, in 
such capacity, may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without 
limitation) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the obligations of the 
Reference Entity. If the Issuer or its Affiliates participate in an Auction, then they will do so without 
regard to the interests of Noteholders, and such participation may have a material adverse effect on the 
outcome of the relevant Auction and/or on the CLNs. Noteholders will have no right to submit bids 
and/or offers in an Auction. 
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value that would 
otherwise have been determined in respect of the specified Reference Entity or its obligations. In particular, 
the Auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors which would not otherwise 
apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Auctions may be conducted by ISDA or

--- Page 38 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
38 
by a relevant third party. Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has 
any responsibility for verifying that any auction price is reflective of current market values, for establishing 
any auction methodology or for verifying that any auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. 
The Issuer will have no responsibility to dispute any determination of an Auction Final Price or to verify 
that any Auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. 
Following a Restructuring Credit Event in relation to which ISDA sponsors multiple concurrent auctions, 
but where there is no auction relating to credit derivative transactions with a maturity corresponding to the 
Notes, if the Calculation Agent exercises the right of the buyer of credit risk protection under the Notes to 
elect that the Auction Final Price is determined by reference to an alternative Auction, the Auction Final 
Price so determined may be lower than the amount which would have been determined based on quotations 
sought from third party dealers, resulting in a lower redemption amount payable to Noteholders. 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Noteholders 
If the Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Calculation Agent may be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity or, if specified 
in the Final Terms, another entity. 
Quotations obtained will be “bid-side”, that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread 
charged by the relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be 
substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the 
credit risk of the affected Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation 
which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows. Quotations 
will be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. 
Risks in respect of Specified Final Price 
If the Final Price is specified in the Final Terms in relation to a series of CLNs, such Fixed Final Price may 
be lower (and may be significantly lower) than the Auction Final Price or the recovery which an investor in 
bonds on instruments issued by the Reference Entity would receive. 
Credit Linked Notes may have a binary payout 
If the Final Terms specifies a percentage amount in respect of the Final Price, the Calculation Agent will 
not be required to seek quotations in respect of obligations of the affected Reference Entity and the 
relevant cash payment to Noteholders following the relevant Credit Event will instead be determined with 
reference to such percentage amount specified in the Final Terms, such amount will be the “Final Price” for 
the purposes of the Conditions and the calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount. This amount may be 
significantly different than (and may be significantly less than) the trading price of obligations of the 
Reference Entity following a Credit Event. For example, if the Final Terms specifies the Final Price as being 
0 per cent., the Final Price of the relevant obligations for the purposes of determining the Cash Settlement 
Amount will be zero and as a consequence the amount payable to Noteholders in respect of the affected 
Reference Entity will be nil. 
“Cheapest-to-Deliver” risk 
Since the Issuer, as buyer of protection, has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be valued or 
delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity where Cash or Physical Settlement apply, 
it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity (or, if specified 
in the Final Terms, another entity) with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant 
to the Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in the Notes. 
The Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity CLNs, Nth-to-Default CLNs or Basket CLNs, credit losses will 
be calculated for the purposes of the Notes irrespective of whether the Issuer or its Affiliates has suffered 
an actual loss in relation to the Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not obliged to 
account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity or its 
obligations. 
The Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Notes do not constitute an acquisition by the holders of the Notes of any interest in any obligation of a 
Reference Entity, and the Noteholders will not have any voting or other rights in relation to such obligation. 
The Issuer does not grant any security interest over any such obligation.

--- Page 39 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
39 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by illiquidity or cessation of indices 
In determining the value of the Notes, dealers may take into account the level of a related credit index in 
addition to or as an alternative to other sources of pricing data. If any relevant index ceases to be liquid, or 
ceases to be published in its entirety, then the value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar entities 
and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference Entities. Historical 
default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events for the purposes of the Notes. 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity which in turn may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
Limited provision of information about the Reference Entities 
This Base Prospectus does not provide any information with respect to the Reference Entities. Investors 
should conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of Reference 
Entities and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Reference Entities may not be subject to regular reporting requirements under relevant securities laws. The 
Reference Entities may report information in accordance with different disclosure and accounting standards. 
Consequently, the information available for such Reference Entities may be different from, and in some 
cases less than, the information available for entities that are subject to the reporting requirements under the 
United Kingdom securities laws. None of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any information available with 
respect to the Reference Entities. 
None of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates will have any obligation to 
keep investors informed as to any matters with respect to the Reference Entities or any of their obligations, 
including whether or not circumstances exist that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of a Credit 
Event with respect to the Reference Entities. 
Cash settlement (whether by reference to an auction or a dealer poll) may be less advantageous than 
physical delivery of assets 
Payments on the Notes following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date may be in cash and will 
reflect the value of relevant obligations of the affected Reference Entity at a given date or be determined 
based on such other percentage amount specified in the Final Terms, which may be zero. Such payments 
may be less than the recovery which would ultimately be realised by a holder of debt obligations of the 
affected Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of 
distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Risks relating to physical delivery in respect of Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be 
delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to 
deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received 
under the terms of any transaction entered into by the Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Notes. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes 
and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash 
amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, 
will affect the timing of the valuation of such Notes and as a result, the amount of principal payable on 
redemption. Prospective investors should review the terms and conditions of the Notes and the applicable 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus to ascertain whether and how such provisions should apply to the 
Notes. 
Rights associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions which are members of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the 
Noteholders and have the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the Noteholders, such 
as the occurrence of a Credit Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able to make 
determinations without action or knowledge of the Noteholders.

--- Page 40 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
40 
Noteholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Noteholders may have no role in establishing such 
criteria. In addition, the composition of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will change from 
time to time in accordance with the DC Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution 
may be required to be replaced. The Noteholders may have no control over the process for selecting 
institutions to participate on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent provided for 
in the Notes, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the 
DC Rules. 
Noteholders may have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or 
liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the DC Rules, 
except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee do not owe any duty to the Noteholders and the Noteholders 
will be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the DC 
Rules. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination 
is based. In addition, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set of facts. If the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates serve as a member of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee at any time, then they will act without regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Noteholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Notices of questions referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on 
the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective affiliates shall 
be obliged to inform the Noteholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in respect 
of the Notes). Failure by the Noteholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Notes and Noteholders are solely 
responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Investors should read the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules as amended from time to 
time as set out on the ISDA website (as at the date hereof, www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc- 
rules/) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. Investors should however note 
that the DC Rules may subsequently be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the 
Noteholders and the powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or 
modified as a result. 
Multiple Auctions Following Restructuring Credit Event 
Where multiple concurrent Auctions are held following a Restructuring Credit Event, the Issuer may be 
entitled to select a particular Auction for the purposes of settlement of the Notes. The Issuer will make such 
election acting in its own interests and not in the interests of the Noteholders and, as such, the Auction chosen 
by the Issuer may not be the Auction that would give the Noteholders the best settlement outcome.  
The Auction Final Price or Weighted Average Final Price may be based on one or more obligations of the 
Reference Entity having a final maturity date different from that of the Restructured Bond or Loan or any 
specified Reference Obligation which may adversely affect the Auction Settlement Amount determined in 
respect of the Notes. 
Non-delivery of Deliverable Obligations and Hedge Disruption Event will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where Physical Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method, if as a result of a Hedge Disruption 
Event, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates have not received the Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under 
the terms of a Hedge Transaction, such event will not constitute an Event of Default for the purposes 
of the Notes. In such circumstances settlement of the Notes, may be substantially delayed and/or may 
be in cash (in whole or in part). 
Risks relating to Leveraged Credit Linked Notes 
Redemption amount linked to performance of Reference Obligations  
If the Leveraged Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed prior to maturity, the cash payment to Noteholders 
at maturity will be determined with reference to the performance of the basket of reference obligations in

--- Page 41 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
41 
respect of the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms during the period from (and including) the 
issue date to (and including) the day that is number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
prior to the maturity date (the “Observation Period”). 
If the value of the basket of reference obligations specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
such Notes decreases during the Observation Period, the redemption amount of the Notes will be less than 
par. The greater the decrease (if any) in the value of the basket, the greater the applicable reduction (if any) 
in the redemption amount. Any such reduction is further amplified by the use of leverage. There is no 
guarantee that investors will receive par on their Notes on maturity.  
For the purposes of determining the amount payable at maturity, the relevant date for referencing prices of 
the basket of reference obligations as specified in the applicable Final Terms is the number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the maturity date and (save in the case of an early redemption) 
the performance of the basket during the life of the Notes will not be relevant to determining the final return 
payable. Investors may receive less than par at maturity 
An Event Determination Date can be triggered by an Excluded Reference Obligation  
At any time during the term of the Notes, to the extent that: (i) a reference obligation in respect of the 
Notes has been redeemed in full; or (ii) the Issuer has determined that a Substitute Reference Obligation 
does not constitute an Underlying Reference for the purpose of calculating the Final Basket Performance 
Ratio, (each of (i) and (ii) being an “Excluded Reference Obligation”), such Excluded Reference 
Obligation will be excluded from the determination of the Final Basket Performance Ratio. 
Notwithstanding the forgoing, such Excluded Reference Obligation could still trigger the occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date and the Final Basket Performance Ratio calculation as a result of the Event 
Determination Date will not consider the price of the Excluded Reference Obligation, which may  
negatively affect the return to investors (and may be zero).  
Discretion of Issuer and Calculation Agent in respect of Reference Obligations  
If a Substitute Reference Obligation is determined following a Substitution Event, the Issuer may elect to 
either include such Substitute Reference Obligation or exclude such Substitute Reference Obligation in the 
determination of the Final Basket Performance Ratio. In making such determination, the Issuer is not 
required to take into consideration the interests of the Noteholders and the determination of the Issuer may 
negatively impact the return under the Notes.   
Redemption prior to maturity  
If either an Event Determination Date, an Acceleration Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or Illiquidity Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), occurs the Notes 
will be redeemed early.  
The cash payment to Noteholders following an Event Determination Date, an Acceleration Event or an 
Illiquidity Event, as applicable will be determined with reference to the performance of the basket of reference 
obligations as specified in the applicable Final Terms during the period from the Issue Date to the early 
redemption. If the value of the basket of reference obligations decreases during the period from the issue 
date to the early redemption, the redemption amount of the Notes will be less than par. The greater the 
decrease in the value of the basket, the greater the applicable reduction in the redemption amount. This 
reduction is further amplified by the use of leverage. It is likely that the amount payable on an early 
redemption will be less than par and may be nil.  
In addition, on an early redemption, the final prices of the reference obligations for the purposes of 
determining the redemption amount will not be determined using published trading prices of the reference 
obligations but will be determined by reference to the volume weighted arithmetic mean at which the Issuer 
transacts in the reference obligations in respect of the Notes with reference to quantity and price of trades 
executed in relation to the reference obligations during the period from (and including) the Event 
Determination Date or the date on which the Acceleration Event or Illiquidity Event occurs (as applicable) to 
(and including) the Business Day specified in the Final Terms after such day. This amount may be 
significantly different than (and may be significantly less than) the trading price of the reference obligations 
following an Event Determination Date, an Acceleration Event or an Illiquidity Event (as applicable).  
Risks relating to ETI Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
price of or changes in the price of interests in exchange traded instruments or a basket of interests in 
exchange traded instruments or, depending on the price of or change in the price of interests in exchange 
traded instruments or the basket of interests in exchange traded instruments, the Issuer's obligation on 
redemption is to deliver a specified number of interests in exchange traded instruments (“ETI Linked

--- Page 42 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
42 
Notes”). Accordingly an investment in ETI Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct 
exchange traded instrument investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the ETI Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or 
delivery of any specified interests in exchange traded instruments may occur at a different time than 
expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements 
in the price of the interests in exchange traded instruments or basket of interests in exchange traded 
instruments may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the interests in exchange 
traded instruments or the basket of interests in exchange traded instruments may affect the actual yield 
to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change 
in the price of the interests in exchange traded instruments or the basket of interests in exchange traded 
instruments, the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of ETI Linked Notes may be volatile  
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the interests in the exchange traded instruments or the basket of interests in exchange 
traded instruments, the dividend or distribution rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects of the 
relevant interests in exchange traded instruments or the relevant basket of interests in exchange traded 
instruments as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such interests in exchange traded 
instruments may be traded. 
Risks relating to leverage and ETI Linked Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the exchange 
traded instruments on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to the disclosure of information in respect of the exchange traded instruments 
In the case of ETI Linked Notes, no exchange traded instrument will have participated in the preparation of 
the relevant Final Terms or in establishing the terms of the ETI Linked Notes, and neither the Issuer or the 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such exchange traded instrument contained in such Final Terms or in the 
documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all 
events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final 
Terms) that would affect the trading price of the interests in the exchange traded instruments will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such exchange traded instrument could affect the trading price of interests 
in the exchange traded instrument and therefore the trading price of the Notes. ETI Linked Notes do not 
provide Noteholders with any participation rights in the underlying ETI(s) and, except in certain 
circumstances in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, do not entitle holders of ETI Linked Notes to any 
ownership interest or rights in such ETI(s). 
Noteholders have very limited rights with respect to the exchange traded instruments  
Except as provided in the Conditions, holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant exchange traded instruments to which such 
Notes relate. 
Risks relating to the performance of interests in exchange traded instruments 
ETI Linked Notes linked to one or more interests in exchange traded instruments reflect the performance of 
such interests in exchange traded instruments. 
The amount payable on ETI Linked Notes will be dependent on the performance of the relevant ETI(s) 
underlying the ETI Linked Notes, which may be linked to the reported Net Asset Value per ETI Interest, 
the trading price available on an exchange for the relevant ETI Interest and/or the actual redemption proceeds 
the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) would receive. The amount payable on 
the ETI Linked Notes may be less and in certain circumstances may be significantly less than the return from 
a direct investment in the relevant ETI(s) and may be zero. 
Unlike Funds, exchange traded instruments are not actively managed. The value of an interest in an 
exchange traded instrument will decline, more or less, in line with the decline of any securities or the 
value of any index underlying or linked to the relevant exchange traded instrument. Exchange traded 
instruments involve risks similar to those of investing in equity securities traded on an exchange, such as

--- Page 43 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
43 
market fluctuations caused by, amongst other things, economic and political developments, changes in 
interest rates and perceived trends in prices of securities. Where the relevant exchange traded instrument is 
linked to a particular index, the return on such exchange traded instrument may not match the return of the 
particular index. 
Potential investors in ETI Linked Notes should be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent 
have any control over investments made by the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) and in no way 
guarantee the performance of an exchange traded instrument or the amount payable to holders of ETI 
Linked Notes. 
In hedging the Issuer's obligations under the ETI Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is not restricted to 
any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any 
method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the relevant 
exchange traded instrument(s), replicating the performance of the relevant exchange traded instrument(s) or 
holding any of the assets underlying the relevant exchange traded instrument(s). The Hedge Provider may 
perform any number of different hedging practices with respect to ETI Linked Notes. 
Investing directly or indirectly in interests in exchange traded instruments is generally considered to be 
risky. If the exchange traded instrument does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, 
and may in certain circumstances be zero.  
Accordingly, prospective investors should review carefully the Base Prospectus, information memorandum 
and/or offering circular (if any) issued by any relevant exchange traded instrument before purchasing any 
ETI Linked Notes. No assurances can be given as to the creditworthiness of any relevant exchange traded 
instrument or any such exchange traded instrument's administrative, custodian, investment manager or 
adviser. 
Risks relating to Potential Adjustment Events in respect of ETI Linked Notes 
Following the declaration by the relevant exchange traded instrument or any person appointed to provide 
services directly or indirectly in respect of such exchange traded instrument, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
ETI Interests and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of the Notes 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines (without taking into account the 
interests of the holders of the ETI Linked Notes appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest). Accordingly, any such adjustment 
may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. 
Risks relating to Extraordinary Events in respect of ETI Linked Notes 
If certain events (“Extraordinary ETI 
Events”) including events relating to Global Events, 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events, Change in Related Parties/Key Persons Events, Modification Events, 
Net 
Asset 
Value/Investment/AUM Level 
Events, Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory 
Events, 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events and Miscellaneous Events in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) occur, the Issuer may, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, adjust the terms of the Notes to reflect such event, substitute the relevant 
ETI Interests or redeem the Notes. 
Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event may have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of the ETI Linked Notes. 
The Issuer will exercise its rights under the ETI Linked Conditions, including in particular the action it takes 
on the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, in its sole and absolute discretion. Subject to all regulatory 
obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent owes any duty or responsibility to any of the holders 
of the ETI Linked Notes. The exercise of such rights in such manner may result in an increased loss in 
performance of the ETI Linked Notes than if the Issuer had taken different action. 
Risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different 
from the currency in which the Notes are denominated (“Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes”). 
Accordingly an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a 
direct foreign exchange investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest 
may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial

--- Page 44 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
44 
portion of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes 
in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with 
their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency exchange rates, the greater the effect on 
yield. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets which are influenced by macro economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). In recent years, 
rates of exchange between some currencies have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the 
future. Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates will affect the value of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes. 
The market price of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes may be volatile 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest payable is 
dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates. Movements in currency exchange rates may 
be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
Risks relating to leverage and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates 
and are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
movements in underlying interest rates (“Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes”). Accordingly an 
investment in Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct interest 
rate investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or 
interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion of their 
investment. In addition, movements in interest rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in other indices and the timing of changes in the interest rates may affect the actual 
yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in interest rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Fluctuations in interest rates will affect the value of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes 
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro economic, political or 
financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. In recent years, interest rates 
have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may rise and/or become 
volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any interest rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note. Fluctuations in interest 
rates will affect the value of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes. 
The market price of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes may be volatile 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest payable is 
dependent upon movements in interest rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of interest rates. Movements in interest rates may be dependent upon economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions. 
Risks relating to leverage and Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in interest rates and are 
determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the interest rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
Risks relating to Hybrid Notes 
Investing in Hybrid Notes (including, without limitation, Pegasus Notes) involves significant and bespoke 
risks that cannot be compared to investments in fixed or floating rate notes or notes that are exclusively linked 
to one type of Underlying Reference. Therefore, any investment in Hybrid Notes should be reserved for

--- Page 45 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
45 
experienced investors who are familiar with such investments and are able to fully understand the particular 
risks inherent to any Hybrid Note.  
Risks relating to Pegasus Notes 
For Notes where “Pegasus Notes” are applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable), the attention of any purchaser of such Pegasus Notes is brought to the fact that upon the occurrence 
of an Event Determination Date in respect of a relevant Reference Entity, the Auction Settlement Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount (as applicable) under the Pegasus Notes will be linked not only to the value of 
obligations of the defaulted Reference Entity but also to the performance of the worst performing Share in the 
Basket, which may negatively affect the return to investors (and may be zero). Accordingly, even in the case 
of the positive performance of one or more of the other Shares in the Basket, the negative performance of one 
Share could outweigh such positive performance and result in Noteholders receiving an Auction Settlement 
Amount or Cash Settlement Amount (as the case may be) under the Pegasus Notes less than they would receive 
under a more conventional credit linked note. 
Risks relating to Market Disruption Events or Failure to Open of an Exchange 
If an issue of Underlying Reference Linked Notes includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange on a date for valuation of an Underlying 
Reference and the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an 
exchange has occurred or exists on such valuation date, any consequential postponement of the valuation 
date, or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any such Notes may have an adverse effect on 
the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) 
may affect the value of the relevant Notes such that the Noteholder may receive a lower cash redemption 
amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than otherwise would have 
been the case. The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange in 
relation to any Underlying Reference comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Notes 
related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement 
of the date of redemption of the Notes. 
Risks relating to specific types of products 
Risks associated with SPS Reverse Convertible Products 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether a knock-in event occurs. 
Risks associated with Vanilla Products 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return depends on the performance 
of the Underlying Reference(s) and may depend on whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. 
Risks associated with Asian Products 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s), which is determined using an averaging method. The return 
will also depend on whether specific features, such as a cap or lock-in, apply. 
Risks associated with Auto-callable Products 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. 
Risks associated with Indexation Products 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or a cap features 
apply.  
Risks associated with Certi plus: Generic Knock-out Products  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
whether a knock-out event has occurred. 
Risks associated with Stellar Products 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of a basket of Underlying References and is calculated based on the average returns of each 
Underlying Reference in the basket (which can be capped and/or floored). 
Risks associated with Delta Notes

--- Page 46 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
46 
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). An investment in the Notes may bear similar market risks 
to a direct investment. 
Risks associated with Final Basket Performance Products  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) during a specified period. The performance of the 
Underlying(s) during the life of the Notes will not be relevant to determining the final return payable.  
Risks associated with Final Participation Notes  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and a participation factor. Accordingly an investment in 
the Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct investment. 
Risks associated with Himalaya Coupon  
Investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. The return on the Notes depends on 
the satisfaction of the Himalaya Coupon Condition which is linked to the performance of the basket of 
Underlying References. In respect of each interest period, the best performing Underlying Reference is 
automatically removed from the basket at the end of such interest period. This continues until the basket is 
reduced to one Underlying Reference. At such time an Investor is exposed to one Underlying Reference and 
the chance of satisfying the Himalaya Coupon Condition decreases accordingly. It should be further noted 
that to the extent that there are more interest periods than Underlying References, an Investor may have 
exposure to one Underlying Reference for a  number of interest periods and such remaining Underlying 
Reference will have performed the worst in the subsequent interest period and is likely to be the worst 
overall Underlying Reference.

--- Page 47 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
47 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the below listed documents: 
(i) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 2018 (set out on pages 10 to 91 therein);  
(ii) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes 
thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 2019 (set out on pages 10 to 102 therein); 
(iii) 
the unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the period ended 
30 June 2019 (set out on pages 9 to 75 therein); 
(iv) 
the unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the period ended 
30 June 2020 (set out on pages 10 to 91 therein); and 
(v) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 49 to 125 of the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “2019 
Conditions”) and the 2019 Conditions as amended by the first supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 June 2020 (the “First Supplemented 2019 Conditions”), the second supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 October 2020 (the “Second Supplemented 2019 Conditions”), 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that such statement is inconsistent with a statement contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed above is for 
information purposes only. 
The documents incorporated by reference have been published on the Euronext Dublin’s website and the 
Issuer’s website and can also be accessed as follows: 
Audited and consolidated financial statements for the year ending 2018:  
https://www.bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/c11/BCS-SP-CONS-2018-FS-Revised-Final-Signed.pdf   
Audited and consolidated financial statements for the year ending 2019: 
https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/f69/FS_2019.pdf  
Unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2019: 
https://www.bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/36a/BCS-SP-CONS-JUNE-2019-_-FINAL-SIGNED.pdf  
Unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements for the period ended 30 June 2020 
https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/823/Interim-consolidated-FS-of-BCS-SP-PLC-Signed.pdf  
2019 Conditions: 
https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/6ec/Base-Prospectus-dated-20-December-2019.pdf   
First Supplemented 2019 Conditions: 
https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/088/Supplement-No-1-to-the-Base-Prospectus-dated-10062020-_20bln-
Programme_.pdf  
Second Supplemented 2019 Conditions: 
https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/a7c/Supplement-No-2-to-the-Base-Prospectus-dated-13102020-_20bln-
Programme_.pdf 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at Agia Zoni, 12, Agia Zoni Center, Flat/Office 103, 3027, 
Limassol, Cyprus. Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in 
any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements

--- Page 48 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
48 
 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
In relation to any issue of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus should be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
49 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types 
of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of 
the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of 
Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are 
the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 50 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
50 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT APPLICABLE 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme and will include the 
additional terms and conditions for payouts for Notes contained in Annex 1, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions 
contained in Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Notes the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 4 in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case ETI Linked Notes, 
the additional terms and conditions in Annex 8 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Notes and the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State or the United 
Kingdom (other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State or in the United Kingdom, 
the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus (“Non-Exempt 
Notes”). To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes which are not Non-Exempt Notes (such Notes being “Exempt Notes”) may supplement, 
amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” above. 
Sanctions Compliance 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these terms and conditions and (i) the Credit Linked Conditions; 
(ii) the Share Linked Conditions; (iii ) the Fund Linked Conditions; and (iv) the ETI Linked Conditions 
(as applicable), and regardless of whether the consequence of this would mean that there is no valid 
entitlement, and with respect to Physically Settled Notes only, no Reference Entity, Share, Fund Share or 
ETI Interest (as applicable) shall be, or shall relate to or shall have been issued by (as applicable) an entity 
subject to sanctions administered, enacted or enforced by the United Kingdom, European Union or United 
States of any state or region thereof from time to time. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc (the “Issuer”) has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance 
of up to EUR 20,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which specifies these terms 
and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as specified by the relevant Final 
Terms.  
(c) 
Fiscal Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement dated on or about 18 December 2020 (the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”) 
between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, 
which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as registrar (the 
“Registrar”, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) who will keep a register (the “Register”) on which 
shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the holder of the Registered Notes 
and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered Notes, the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression includes any successor or 
additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In 
these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them. Notwithstanding the

--- Page 51 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
51 
 
above, the Issuer may specify any other Fiscal Agent, Registrar, paying agent or transfer 
agent in the Final Terms and enter into other Fiscal Agency Agreements with such other 
Fiscal Agents, Registrars, paying agents or transfer agents (as applicable) and references 
to Fiscal Agency Agreement, Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Registrar, Transfer Agents 
and Agents shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of 
covenant dated on or about 18 December 2020 (the “Deed of Covenant”) entered into 
by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available for viewing at Agia Zoni, 12, Agia Zoni Center, Flat/Office 103, 3027, 
Limassol, Cyprus. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
“Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at 
the Specified Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are 
set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings:  
“871(m)” means: 
(a) 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any associated 
regulations; and 
(b) 
any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing Section 
871(m); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"AER Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the AER Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it 
on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may 
be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the AER Reference Rate; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in the Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
52 
 
“Calculation Agent” means such Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Period” means each Interest Period, AER Calculation Period, FR 
Calculation Period, SPS Call Valuation Period or SPS Put Valuation Period, as 
applicable; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of a Calculation Period ending in a leap year, 
366; 
(vii) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 − Y1 )] + [30x(M 2 − M1 )] + (D 2 − D1 ) 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 53 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
53 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30”; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 − Y1 )] + [30x(M 2 − M1 )] + (D 2 − D1 ) 
   
 
 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 − Y1 )] + [30x(M 2 − M1 )] + (D 2 − D1 ) 
  
 
 
 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 54 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
54 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the 
Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means the amount calculated as set out below (in each 
case together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
Redemption or (as the case may be) the date on which such Note becomes due and 
repayable): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note or a Note whose Early 
Redemption Amount is linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying 
Reference) with a Final Redemption Amount equal to its outstanding nominal 
amount, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be lesser or greater than its outstanding nominal 
amount or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which 
the Note is denominated or a Note whose interest, coupon, premium or other 
interim payment is linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying 
Reference, at the percentage of the Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if “Market Value less Costs” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms at the fair market value of such Note less associated 
costs; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note the Early Redemption Amount of which is 
not linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying Reference at an amount 
(the “Amortised Face Amount”) equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable; or 
(d) 
if Early Redemption Amount Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
at the relevant Early Redemption Payout (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be 
made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the 
case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or 
such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“EBRD” means European Bank for Reconstruction and Development; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets 
Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration that rate);

--- Page 55 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
55 
 
“EU” means the European Union; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
“FATCA” means: 
(a) 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any 
associated regulations; 
(b) 
any treaty, law, regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an 
intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other jurisdiction, 
which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation 
referred to in paragraph (a) above; or 
(c)  
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation 
referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above with the US Internal Revenue Service, 
the U.S. government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other 
jurisdiction; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal 
amount or such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the First Reset Period and the First Margin; 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other 
securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the 
payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;  
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; 
and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing;

--- Page 56 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
56 
 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning specified in Condition 5(b); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
provided, however, that if a date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a day on 
which the relevant Reference Rate is scheduled to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (other than as a result of the Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page), the Interest Determination Date shall instead be the immediately 
preceding day on which the Reference Rate is scheduled to be published on such 
Relevant Screen Page; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended 
and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as supplemented by any applicable supplement to the ISDA Definitions 
(including, without limitation, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or 
any other person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Interest Rate” has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not 
euro;

--- Page 57 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
57 
 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to such Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to such Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date 
in question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
relevant quotations provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case 
may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided and the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall 
be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, if none, the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
“Minimum Interest Rate” has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“MosPrime” means, in relation to any Interest Period: 
(a) 
the MosPrime Screen Rate for a period which the Calculation Agent 
determines to be substantially equivalent to that Interest Period; or 
(b) 
(if the MosPrime Screen Rate referred to in the above paragraph (a) is not 
available) the rate per annum (rounded upwards to two decimal places) 
determined by the Calculation Agent through the use of straight-line 
interpolation by reference to the MosPrime Screen Rates for two periods, the

--- Page 58 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
58 
 
first of which shall be the period which is next shorter than that Interest Period, 
and the second of which shall be the period which is next longer than that 
Interest Period; or 
(c) 
(if it is not possible to determine a rate in accordance with the above paragraph 
(b) for that Interest Period) the rate per annum that is the arithmetic mean 
(rounded upwards to two decimal places) of the rates per annum quoted by at 
least two Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent, at the Calculation Agent’s 
request, as being the rates at which those Reference Banks are willing to extend 
a Rouble loan to prime financial institutions between 1:00 p.m. and 2:00 p.m., 
Moscow time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date or other date in an 
amount that is comparable to the amount of the Loan scheduled to be 
outstanding during that Interest Period and for a period which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be substantially equivalent to that Interest Period, 
provided that, if five or more such quotations are provided, the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) will be disregarded in 
calculating the arithmetic mean; or 
(d) 
(if no such quotation, or only one such quotation, is provided) the rate 
determined for the previous Interest Period; 
“MosPrime Reference Page” means the display page designated as MOSPRIME1 on 
the Thomson Reuters service or such other page as may replace such page on such 
service for the purpose of displaying the relevant rates or, if such service ceases to be 
available or the relevant rates cease to be available on such service, the page that 
displays the relevant rates on another service as specified by the Calculation Agent; 
“MosPrime Screen Rate” means the rate per annum for the relevant period, as 
calculated by the National Foreign Exchange Association on any Interest Determination 
Date or other date for the determination of such rate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, at which active participants in the Moscow money market offer 
to extend Rouble loans to first tier financial institutions and which appears as 
“MOSPRIME” on the MosPrime Reference Page as of 12:30 p.m., Moscow time, on 
that Interest Determination Date or other date; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre;

--- Page 59 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
59 
 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as 
is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, LIBOR or MOSPRIME as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive 
period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders;

--- Page 60 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
60 
 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or 
other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount 
of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any 
Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, 
as applicable; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive 
period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular 
time, any other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or 
remove members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or

--- Page 61 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
61 
 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first 
Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to 
the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 9 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a 
Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance 
with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented 
up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes 
of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In 
the case of Bearer Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and 
“Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a “Note 
Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its

--- Page 62 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
62 
 
registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying 
number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, 
“Holder” means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
“Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other 
than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) 
(Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the 
surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note 
Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each 
relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of 
any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured 
first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such 
relevant Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city 
where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified 
Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity 
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes 
and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer 
of Registered Notes scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. The regulations may 
be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the 
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
(k) 
Types of Notes: A Note may be, to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate (Resettable) Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note and/or a Note with interest linked to one or more, or a combination of, underlying 
reference asset(s) or basis (bases) (each an “Underlying Reference(s)”) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (“Linked Interest Notes”) such as an Index Linked Interest 
Note, a Share Linked Interest Note, a Commodity Linked Interest Note, a Fund Linked 
Interest Note, an ETI Linked Interest Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Interest

--- Page 63 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
63 
 
Linked Note or (in the case of a combination of underlying reference assets or bases) a 
Hybrid Interest Note or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, any other type of 
Note depending on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Note 
may be an Index Linked Redemption Note, a Share Linked Redemption Note, a 
Commodity Linked Redemption Note, a Fund Linked Redemption Note, a Credit 
Linked Note, an ETI Linked Redemption Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption Note, a Note with redemption linked to any combination of underlying 
reference assets or bases (a “Hybrid Redemption Note”), an Instalment Note, a Partly 
Paid Note or any combination thereof or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, 
any one type of Note depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are Hybrid Interest Notes and/or Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Securities is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes will be construed on the basis that in respect of each separate type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of Underlying 
Reference will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently in respect of 
the relevant type of Underlying Reference, except as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. “Hybrid Business Day” has the meaning given to such term in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Interest and AER Rate 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will accrue in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expressions shall in these Terms and Conditions 
mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date 
(each such latter date the “Interest Period End Final Date” for the relevant Interest 
Period)). 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Resettable Notes, 
the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided 
below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate 
of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity 
Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Period. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period 
End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other 
amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. If 
a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period

--- Page 64 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
64 
 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period 
End Date in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are in definitive form 
except as provided in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of such Interest Period, will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(B) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest Sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a 
Partly Paid Note, in accordance with Condition 5(j)) or pays interest in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and 
Conditions mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date 
(or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the “Interest Period 
End Final Date” for the relevant Interest Period)). For the purposes of this 
Condition 5(b) “Interest Period End Date” shall mean either: 
(i) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case

--- Page 65 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
65 
 
of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date 
falls after an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of 
such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, 
as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that 
is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(aa) such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as 
the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on the Interest Determination Date, determine 
the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum 
Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and multiplying 
such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-unit (defined above) of

--- Page 66 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
66 
 
the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a Sub- unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(c) 
Interest on Interest Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a 
Partly Paid Note, in accordance with Condition 5(j)) or pays interest in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date 
the “Interest Period End Final Date” for the relevant Interest Period)). For 
the purposes of this Condition 5(c) “Interest Period End Date” shall mean 
either: 
(i) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls 
after an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of 
such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date,

--- Page 67 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
67 
 
as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(i)(2) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, (i)) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that 
is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(aa) such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as 
the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Linked Interest 
Notes will be the Coupon Rate determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms which Coupon Rate may comprise one or more 
Coupons determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (the “Interest Determination 
Date”), determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate 
or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent 
of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable 
after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and 
multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub- unit 
(defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a Sub- 
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Linked Interest 
Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(d) 
ISDA and Screen Rate Determination

--- Page 68 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
68 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent as if it was acting as 
calculation agent for that swap transaction under an interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) 
or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) for a 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (y) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d)(i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset 
Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Relevant Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 
a.m., London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in 
either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and

--- Page 69 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
69 
 
(B)  
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations. 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to 
the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected 
by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, and the Rate of Interest or Rate for such Interest Period shall be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(e) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 6(b)(ii), 6(b)(iv), 6(c)(ii) or 6(d) above, 
(as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 6(b)(ii), 6(b)(iv), 6(c)(ii) or 6(d) above, 
(as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it in respect of Notes paying a variable rate of interest, together with the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis 
of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications to be Final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and 
is not paid when due, the amount due and payable shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount. As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall bear 
interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 70 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
70 
 
Terms. Such interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the holder of such Note. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of a 
360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and in the case of an incomplete 
month the actual number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such other 
basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Coupon Switch 
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may in its sole and absolute discretion elect that the Rate 
of Interest for the Notes will be amended (a “Coupon Switch”) from the Pre- 
Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch 
Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon 
Switch Date; or 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and an Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Rate of Interest 
for the Notes will be amended (a “Coupon Switch”) from the Pre-Switch 
Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date 
immediately following the SPS ACS Valuation Date or SPS ACS Valuation 
Period, as applicable, on which the Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs.  
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch 
Coupon Amount will be payable on the Additional Switch Coupon Payment 
Date. The “Additional Switch Coupon Amount” in respect of each nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Additional Switch Coupon Amount will only be paid on the single 
Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date. Notice of any Coupon Switch will 
be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
“Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date” means the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, which such date must be an Interest 
Payment Date; 
“Automatic Coupon Switch Event” means that the SPS ACS Value is (a) 
“greater than”, (b) “equal to or greater than”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than 
or equal to”, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Coupon Switch Level, (x) on an SPS ACS Valuation Date or (y) in respect 
of an SPS ACS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Coupon Switch Level” means the number, amount, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Coupon Switch Date” means each date specified as such or determined 
pursuant to the provisions in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS ACS Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 
1.9 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS ACS Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date 
and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
“SPS ACS Valuation Period” means each period specific as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(j) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
71 
 
(k) 
Interest Payments 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 8 
and 9. Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of 
part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless such Note is redeemed early. If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to 
accrue on the due date for redemption or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect 
of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the due date 
for redemption of such Note. If the payment of principal or the payment, and/or delivery 
of the Entitlement (if applicable), is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at the Fixed Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest or as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due and/or 
assets deliverable in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the holder of such Note and (ii) the day on which the Fiscal Agent or any agent 
appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has notified the holder 
thereof (either in accordance with Condition 16 or individually) of receipt of all sums 
due and/or assets deliverable in respect thereof up to that date. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, these provisions shall be subject to 
the provisions contained in Annex 6 - “Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes”. 
(l) 
AER Rate Determination 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page as at the AER Specified 
Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, 
in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (i), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of subparagraph (ii), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the AER Specified Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference 
Rate at approximately the AER Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the AER Specified Time

--- Page 72 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
72 
 
on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, deposits in the Settlement 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to the AER Reference Rate 
(which will be the London inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is LIBOR, or 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
AER Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the AER Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the AER 
Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the inter-bank market applicable to the AER Reference Rate (which will be the London 
inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is LIBOR, or the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, if the AER Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
AER Margin (if any). 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than such Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Minimum 
AER Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is greater than such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such 
Maximum AER Reference Rate. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes (other than a Credit Linked Note) will be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) or, if Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(each such Note a “Physical Delivery Note”) by delivery of the Entitlement (as 
provided in Condition 8(g) below). The “Entitlement” shall be a quantity of the 
Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Cyprus or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it,

--- Page 73 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
73 
 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(i) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(ii) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount on the Issuer's giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such 
notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c) the “Optional Redemption Amount” in respect 
of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
equal to: 
(i) 
Calculation Amount x the percentage; or 
(ii) 
the Call Payout, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Call Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of 
Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Calculation Agent approves and in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such 
date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount together with interest (if any) 
accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 6(e), 
the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable

--- Page 74 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
74 
 
from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 6(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date, 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 6(e) the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of 
such Note for all purposes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e) The “Optional Redemption Amount” in 
respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount equal to: 
(i) 
Calculation Amount x the percentage; or 
(ii) 
he Put Payout, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(g) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may, at 
the discretion of the Issuer, be cancelled and, if so cancelled, may not be reissued or 
resold. 
(i) 
Instalments 
Each Note in definitive form which is redeemable in instalments will be redeemed in 
the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. All instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in 
the case of a definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Coupon (which must be presented with 
the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive Registered Note, the 
relevant Note and issue of a new Note in the nominal amount remaining outstanding, 
all as more fully described in Conditions 8 and 9. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (b), (c) or (d) above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as provided in Condition 2(a) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
(k) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6 as amended or varied by the 
information specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Payout Switch

--- Page 75 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
75 
 
If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout 
Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
in its sole and absolute discretion elect that, or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Payout Switch 
Event occurs, the Redemption/Payment Basis for the Notes will be amended (a “Payout 
Switch”) from the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the Final Terms to the 
Switched Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notice of any Payout Switch will be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
“Automatic Payout Switch Event” means that the SPS APS Value is (a) “greater 
than”, (b) “equal to or greater than”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to”, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Payout Switch Level (x) on an 
SPS APS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of an SPS APS Valuation Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Payout Switch Level” means the number, amount, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS APS Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS APS Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS APS Valuation Period” means each period specific as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
7. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 7 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 76 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
76 
 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount 
of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due 
for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing 
Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount 
of principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse 
order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the 
remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require 
a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, 
if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable, or a Note is an Index Linked Note, Share Linked Note, 
Commodity Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, ETI Linked Note, 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note or 
Hybrid Note, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in 
whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
6(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or Condition 10 (Events of Default) all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon

--- Page 77 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
77 
 
forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 11 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
8. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 8 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in 
which the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered 
Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before 
the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due 
date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value on the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment 
Business Day, for value on the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated 
and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case 
of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date 
for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and 
(ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due 
date for payment. 
A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being 
a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 8 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are 
noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is 
endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.

--- Page 78 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
78 
 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's 
Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record 
Date”). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Notes to be redeemed by delivery or (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes) Delivery of the Entitlement(s), in order to 
obtain delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any 
Note, the relevant Noteholder must arrange for (i) an Asset 
Transfer Notice to be delivered to the Paying Agent with a copy 
to any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the 
case may be, the Entitlement on its behalf (the “Delivery Agent”) 
not later than the close of business in each place of reception on 
the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in the 
form set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and (ii) the 
simultaneous transfer of the relevant Notes to the Paying Agent. 
For the purposes hereof, “Cut-off Date” means the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (a) in 
respect of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note, the third 
Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date or (b) in 
respect of a Credit Linked Note, the first Business Day 
immediately preceding the Settlement Date. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during 
normal business hours from the specified office of any Paying 
Agent. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(aa) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone 
number of the relevant Noteholder and the person from 
whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may obtain details 
for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(bb) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number 
of Notes which are the subject of such notice; 
(cc) 
include such details as are required for delivery or 
Delivery of the Entitlement which may include account 
details and/or the name and address of any person(s) 
into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered or Delivered and specify the name and 
number of the Noteholder's account to be credited with 
any cash payable by the Issuer, including pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 7, in respect of any cash 
amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends 
relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver and the Issuer electing to pay the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a 
result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount; 
(dd) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a 
U.S. person (as defined in the Asset Transfer Notice),

--- Page 79 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
79 
 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States 
or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or 
other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; 
and 
(ee) 
authorise the production of such certification in any 
applicable administrative or legal proceedings, all as 
provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
If Condition 8(g)(B) applies, the form of Asset Transfer Notice 
required to be delivered will be different from that set out above. 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from any 
Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
Information of the Issuer and the Delivery Agent 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, and the relevant Notes, 
the Paying Agent will inform the Issuer and any Delivery Agent 
thereof. 
(iii) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Paying Agent, 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agent, any Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject 
as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be 
incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to any 
Delivery Agent immediately after being delivered or sent as 
provided in paragraph (1) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new 
Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered as provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof 
by the Paying Agent as provided above. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, in the manner provided below on the date fixed for 
redemption (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
this Condition, the “Delivery Date”) or in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes Delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in 
the manner provided below on the Settlement Date, provided that 
the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered as provided above on 
or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to have an Asset Transfer Notice given on its 
behalf as provided herein, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the 
Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, Delivered as 
soon as practicable after the date fixed for redemption (in which 
case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes) the Settlement Date at the risk of 
such Noteholder in the manner provided below. For the avoidance 
of doubt, in such circumstances such Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a 
result of such Delivery Date falling after the date fixed for 
redemption or the originally designated Settlement Date, as 
applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall at the risk 
of the relevant Noteholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement for each Note or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes)

--- Page 80 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
80 
 
Deliver the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement, 
in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine and notify to the person designated by the 
Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or in such 
manner as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. All costs, 
taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes (“Expenses”) arising 
from the delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement, as the case 
may be, in respect of such Notes shall be for the account of the 
relevant Noteholder and no delivery of the Entitlement or the 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Entitlement, as the case may be, shall be made until all Expenses 
have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant 
Noteholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent nor any Agent 
shall be responsible for or required to make any delivery or 
Delivery of the Entitlement under this Condition. 
(iv) 
General 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for 
the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect 
of such Notes. The Entitlement or the aggregate Entitlements in 
respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the 
nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset 
or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be 
delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the 
Calculation Agent shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date of a Share or ETI Interest all 
dividends on the relevant Shares or ETI Interest to be delivered 
will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend 
according to market practice for a sale of the Shares or ETI 
Interests executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in the 
same manner as such relevant Shares or ETI Interests. Any such 
dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice 
as referred to in Condition 8(g) (A)(1). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the 
Entitlement as the Issuer or any person acting on behalf of the 
Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities or 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement (the 
“Intervening Period”), none of the Issuer, the Paying Agents, any 
Delivery Agent and any other person shall at any time (i) be under 
any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder 
any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, 
except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that 
person in respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable 
Obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure 
exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities, 
obligations or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any 
liability to a Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which 
such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly 
or indirectly, of that person being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, obligations 
or Deliverable Obligations. 
(v) 
Settlement Disruption

--- Page 81 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
81 
 
The provisions of this Condition 8(g)(A)(v) apply to Notes other 
than Credit Linked Notes. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such commercially reasonable manner 
as the Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by 
reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having 
occurred and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery 
Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business 
Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering the 
Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as 
it may select and in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day 
as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the 
Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For 
the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event 
affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not 
affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally 
designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the 
Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any 
other provision hereof the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the 
relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount 
(as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date 
that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. Payment of the Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder shall be entitled to 
any payment in respect of the relevant Note in the event of any 
delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Redemption Amount”, in respect of any 
relevant Note, shall be the fair market value of such Note (taking 
into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement 
and such non affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered 
as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets) less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer; 
“Settlement Business Day” has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Relevant 
Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this Condition 8(g)(A)(vi) apply to the Notes 
other than Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
82 
 
If “Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity” is specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some 
or all of the Relevant Assets (the “Affected Relevant Assets”) 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to 
illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a “Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity”), then: 
(aa) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not 
Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the 
originally designated date of redemption in accordance 
with this Condition 8(g); and 
(bb) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of 
physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment 
to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date that notice of such 
election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. Payment of the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. The Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 that the provisions of this Condition 
8(g)(A)(vi) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, “Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount” in respect of any relevant Note shall be the fair market 
value of such Note (taking into account, the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, the provisions contained in 
Annex 6 – (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes) shall apply. 
(B) 
Variation of Settlement 
(aa) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option 
to vary settlement in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may in respect 
of each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders the 
Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, 
in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or 
make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification 
of such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
(bb) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in 
respect of each Note, in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery 
of the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, make payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant 
Noteholders. 
(C) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount

--- Page 83 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
83 
 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer 
may, in respect of such Notes, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises shares or 
ETI Interests which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute for 
the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent 
value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other shares or ETI 
Interests which the Calculation Agent determines are freely tradable (the 
“Substitute Asset” or the “Substitute Assets”, as the case may be) or (ii) 
not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute 
Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant Noteholders, 
but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Noteholder on the 
Settlement Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the 
Entitlement on the Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the “Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount”). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and in the event that the Issuer 
elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall give 
details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a “freely tradable” share or an ETI Interest shall mean 
(i) with respect to the United States, a share or an ETI Interest, as the case 
may be, which is registered under the Securities Act or is not a restricted 
security under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer 
of such share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, and not purchased from 
an affiliate of the issuer of such share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, 
or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or an 
ETI Interest, as the case may be, for purposes of the Securities Act, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) with respect to any other 
jurisdiction, a share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, not subject to any 
legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(D) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the 
Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any 
Relevant Asset. 
(E) 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Commodity Linked Notes shall not be redeemed by physical delivery and the 
provisions of this Condition 8(g) shall not apply to Commodity Linked 
Notes. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Cyprus or any political subdivision therein 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
any law and/or regulation. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as 
will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding 
or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such

--- Page 84 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
84 
 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or 
Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days, or 
(iii) 
in respect of withholding on account of 871(m) or FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than The Republic of Cyprus, references in these Conditions to The Republic of 
Cyprus shall be construed as references to The Republic of Cyprus and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within three days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 90 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent; or 
(c) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial 
part of its business; or 
(d) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus or 
has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c) to (d) above; 
or 
(f) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
The provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and Deed of Covenant are expressed to apply 
separately to each Series. Accordingly, the occurrence of an Event of Default under one Series 
does not per se constitute and nor does it trigger an Event of Default under any other Series. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 85 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
85 
 
12. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, 
the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office 
in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including 
the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution 
will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes 
held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or 
more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a 
quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as 
if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders.

--- Page 86 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
86 
 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended 
by the Issuer without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders (i) to correct 
a manifest error, (ii) to cure any ambiguity or (iii) if it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or (iv) it is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders. 
In addition, the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree without the consent of the Noteholders, 
to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error, cure any ambiguity or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. Notices from one or more 
Noteholders to other Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by 
first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices 
to Noteholders will be published on the date of such mailing in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth day after the date of mailing. Notices from one or more Noteholders to other 
Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, 
if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency

--- Page 87 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
87 
 
(the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Russian Rouble amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Russian Rouble amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a “Dispute”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered in connection with any proceedings in England, to BCS 
Prime Brokerage Limited at 99 Bishopsgate, London, United Kingdom, EC2M 3XD or 
to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address 
in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders.

--- Page 88 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
88 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – TRUST DEED APPLICABLE 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme and will include the 
additional terms and conditions for payouts for Notes contained in Annex 1, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions 
contained in Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Notes the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 4 in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case ETI Linked Notes, 
the additional terms and conditions in Annex 8 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Notes and the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than 
pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus (“Non-Exempt Notes”). To the extent permitted by applicable law 
and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes which are not Non-Exempt Notes (such 
Notes being “Exempt Notes”) may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” above. 
Sanctions Compliance 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these terms and conditions and (i) the Credit Linked Conditions; 
(ii) the Share Linked Conditions; (iii ) the Fund Linked Conditions; and (iv) the ETI Linked Conditions 
(as applicable), and regardless of whether the consequence of this would mean that there is no valid 
entitlement, and with respect to Physically Settled Notes only, no Reference Entity, Share, Fund Share or 
ETI Interest (as applicable) shall be, or shall relate to or shall have been issued by (as applicable) an entity 
subject to sanctions administered, enacted or enforced by the United Kingdom, European Union or United 
States of any state or region thereof from time to time. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc (the “Issuer”) has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance 
of up to EUR 20,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which specifies these terms 
and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as specified by the relevant Final 
Terms.  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated on or about 18 December 2020 (the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying 
Agent”, which expression includes any successor paying agent appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as registrar (the 
“Registrar”, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) who will keep a register (the “Register”) on which 
shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the holder of the Registered Notes 
and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered Notes, the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein (together with 
the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression includes any successor or 
additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In 
these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer 
Agents and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them. Notwithstanding the 
above, the Issuer may specify any other Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, paying agent

--- Page 89 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
89 
 
or transfer agent in the Final Terms and enter into other Agency Agreements with such 
other Principal Paying Agents, Registrars, paying agents or transfer agents (as 
applicable) and references to Agency Agreement, Principal Paying Agent, Paying 
Agents, Registrar, Transfer Agents and Agents shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Trust Deed: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered 
form (“Registered Notes”). Registered Notes are constituted by a principal trust deed 
dated on or about 18 December 2020 (the “Principal Trust Deed”) entered into by the 
Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Initial Trustee” and, together with all 
persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed referred to below, 
the “Trustee”) (the “Trust Deed”). 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available for viewing at Agia Zoni, 12, Agia Zoni Center, Flat/Office 103, 3027, 
Limassol, Cyprus. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Principal Trust Deed and are subject to their detailed provisions. 
Noteholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
“Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Principal Trust Deed 
applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Principal Trust Deed are 
available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings:  
“871(m)” means: 
(a) 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any associated 
regulations; and 
(b) 
any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing Section 
871(m); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"AER Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the AER Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the AER Reference Rate; 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention” has the meaning given in the Final Terms;

--- Page 90 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
90 
 
“Calculation Agent” means such Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Period” means each Interest Period, AER Calculation Period, FR 
Calculation Period, SPS Call Valuation Period or SPS Put Valuation Period, as 
applicable; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of a Calculation Period ending in a leap year, 
366; 
(vii) 
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360x(Y2 − Y1 )] + [30x(M 2 − M1 )] + (D 2 − D1 ) 
   
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 91 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
91 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30”; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360x(Y2 − Y1 )] + [30x(M 2 − M1 )] + (D 2 − D1 ) 
   
 
 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =       [360 x (Y2 − Y1 )] + [30x(M 2 − M1 )] + (D 2 − D1 ) 
  
 
 
 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 92 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
92 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the 
day immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the 
Calculation Period is calculated from and including the first day of the 
Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
“Early Redemption Amount” means the amount calculated as set out below (in each 
case together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
Redemption or (as the case may be) the date on which such Note becomes due and 
repayable): 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note or a Note whose Early 
Redemption Amount is linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying 
Reference) with a Final Redemption Amount equal to its outstanding nominal 
amount, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be lesser or greater than its outstanding nominal 
amount or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which 
the Note is denominated or a Note whose interest, coupon, premium or other 
interim payment is linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying 
Reference, at the percentage of the Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if “Market Value less Costs” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms at the fair market value of such Note less associated 
costs; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note the Early Redemption Amount of which is 
not linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying Reference at an amount 
(the “Amortised Face Amount”) equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable; or 
(d) 
if Early Redemption Amount Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
at the relevant Early Redemption Payout (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be 
made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the 
case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or 
such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“EBRD” means European Bank for Reconstruction and Development; 
“EU” means the European Union; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets 
Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration that rate); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed;

--- Page 93 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
93 
 
“FATCA” means: 
(a) 
Sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any 
associated regulations; 
(b) 
any treaty, law, regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an 
intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other jurisdiction, 
which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation 
referred to in paragraph (a) above; or 
(c) 
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation 
referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above with the US Internal Revenue Service, 
the U.S. government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other 
jurisdiction; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal 
amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the First Reset Period and the First Margin; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other 
securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the 
payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Holder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and 
Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;  
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; 
and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 94 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
94 
 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning specified in Condition 5(b); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
provided, however, that if a date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a day on 
which the relevant Reference Rate is scheduled to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (other than as a result of the Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page), the Interest Determination Date shall instead be the immediately 
preceding day on which the Reference Rate is scheduled to be published on such 
Relevant Screen Page;  
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended 
and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as supplemented by any applicable supplement to the ISDA Definitions 
(including, without limitation, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or 
any other person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Interest Rate” has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro or LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not 
euro; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to such Reset Period; and

--- Page 95 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
95 
 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to such Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall request each of 
the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date 
in question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
relevant quotations provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case 
may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided and the First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall 
be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, if none, the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
“Minimum Interest Rate” has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“MosPrime” means, in relation to any Interest Period: 
(a) 
 
the MosPrime Screen Rate for a period which the Calculation Agent 
determines to be substantially equivalent to that Interest Period; or 
(b) 
(if the MosPrime Screen Rate referred to in the above paragraph (a) is not 
available) the rate per annum (rounded upwards to two decimal places) 
determined by the Calculation Agent through the use of straight-line 
interpolation by reference to the MosPrime Screen Rates for two periods, the 
first of which shall be the period which is next shorter than that Interest Period, 
and the second of which shall be the period which is next longer than that 
Interest Period; or 
(c) 
(if it is not possible to determine a rate in accordance with the above paragraph 
(b) for that Interest Period) the rate per annum that is the arithmetic mean

--- Page 96 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
96 
 
(rounded upwards to two decimal places) of the rates per annum quoted by at 
least two Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent, at the Calculation Agent’s 
request, as being the rates at which those Reference Banks are willing to extend 
a Rouble loan to prime financial institutions between 1:00 p.m. and 2:00 p.m., 
Moscow time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date or other date in an 
amount that is comparable to the amount of the Loan scheduled to be 
outstanding during that Interest Period and for a period which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be substantially equivalent to that Interest Period, 
provided that, if five or more such quotations are provided, the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) will be disregarded in 
calculating the arithmetic mean; or 
(d) 
(if no such quotation, or only one such quotation, is provided) the rate 
determined for the previous Interest Period; 
“MosPrime Reference Page” means the display page designated as MOSPRIME1 on 
the Thomson Reuters service or such other page as may replace such page on such 
service for the purpose of displaying the relevant rates or, if such service ceases to be 
available or the relevant rates cease to be available on such service, the page that 
displays the relevant rates on another service as specified by the Calculation Agent; 
“MosPrime Screen Rate” means the rate per annum for the relevant period, as 
calculated by the National Foreign Exchange Association on any Interest Determination 
Date or other date for the determination of such rate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, at which active participants in the Moscow money market offer 
to extend Rouble loans to first tier financial institutions and which appears as 
“MOSPRIME” on the MosPrime Reference Page as of 12:30 p.m., Moscow time, on 
that Interest Determination Date or other date; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Transfer - Title to Registered Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open 
for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for 
dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a

--- Page 97 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
97 
 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as 
is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, LIBOR or MOSPRIME as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive 
period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which 
(the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or 
other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-
counter market); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may

--- Page 98 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
98 
 
replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount 
of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any 
Subsequent Reset Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, 
as applicable; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive 
period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period, the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular 
time, any other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or 
remove members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first 
Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro;

--- Page 99 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
99 
 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to 
the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 9 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a 
Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance 
with the Trust Deed; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to 
the Agency Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including 
the Issue Date of the Notes;  
(ix) 
any reference in Annex 6 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes) to “Fiscal Agency Agreement” shall be deemed to be to 
“Agency Agreement”; and 
(x) 
any reference in Annex 6 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes) and Annex 9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes) to “Fiscal Agent” shall be deemed to 
be to “Principal Paying Agent”. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes 
of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In 
the case of Bearer Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and 
“Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a “Note Certificate”) will 
be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each 
Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, “Holder” means the person 
in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register (or,

--- Page 100 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
100 
 
in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing 
thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other 
than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and (j) 
(Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be 
transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of 
transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the 
individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes 
transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are 
Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in 
respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the 
surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of Registered 
Notes) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note 
Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each 
relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of 
any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured 
first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such 
relevant Holder. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city 
where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified 
Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity 
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes 
and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer 
of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the 
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
(k) 
Types of Notes: A Note may be, to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate (Resettable) Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note and/or a Note with interest linked to one or more, or a combination of, underlying 
reference asset(s) or basis (bases) (each an “Underlying Reference(s)”) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (“Linked Interest Notes”) such as an Index Linked Interest 
Note, a Share Linked Interest Note, a Commodity Linked Interest Note, a Fund Linked 
Interest Note, an ETI Linked Interest Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Interest 
Linked Note or (in the case of a combination of underlying reference assets or bases) a 
Hybrid Interest Note or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, any other type of 
Note depending on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Note

--- Page 101 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
101 
 
may be an Index Linked Redemption Note, a Share Linked Redemption Note, , a 
Commodity Linked Redemption Note, a Fund Linked Redemption Note, a Credit 
Linked Note, an ETI Linked Redemption Note, a Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption Note, a Note with redemption linked to any combination of underlying 
reference assets or bases (a “Hybrid Redemption Note”), an Instalment Note, a Partly 
Paid Note or any combination thereof or, subject to all applicable laws and regulations, 
any one type of Note depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are Hybrid Interest Notes and/or Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Securities is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the 
Notes will be construed on the basis that in respect of each separate type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of Underlying 
Reference will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently in respect of 
the relevant type of Underlying Reference, except as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. “Hybrid Business Day” has the meaning given to such term in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all 
times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Interest and AER Rate 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will accrue in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expressions shall in these Terms and Conditions 
mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date 
(each such latter date the “Interest Period End Final Date” for the relevant Interest 
Period)). 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Resettable Notes, 
the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided 
below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate 
of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity 
Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Period. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period 
End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other 
amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. If 
a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 102 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
102 
 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period 
End Date in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are in definitive form 
except as provided in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of such Interest Period, will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(B) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest Sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such Sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a 
Partly Paid Note, in accordance with Condition 5(j)) or pays interest in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and 
Conditions mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date 
(or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the “Interest Period 
End Final Date” for the relevant Interest Period)). For the purposes of this 
Condition 5(b) “Interest Period End Date” shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 103 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
103 
 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date 
falls after an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of 
such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, 
as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, (i)) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(aa) such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount  
The Calculation Agent will, on the Interest Determination Date, determine 
the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum 
Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and multiplying 
such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub- unit (defined above) of 
the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a Sub- unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 104 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
104 
 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(c) 
Interest on Interest Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount (or, if it is a 
Partly Paid Note, in accordance with Condition 5(j)) or pays interest in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes mean the period from (and including) an Interest 
Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date 
the “Interest Period End Final Date” for the relevant Interest Period)). For 
the purposes of this Condition 5(c) “Interest Period End Date” shall mean 
either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
 if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.  
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls 
after an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of 
such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, 
as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 105 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
105 
 
(A) 
In any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(aa) such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period 
after the preceding applicable Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(B) 
The Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
The Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
The Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Linked Interest 
Notes will be the Coupon Rate determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms which Coupon Rate may comprise one or more 
Coupons determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (the “Interest Determination 
Date”), determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate 
or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the 
relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal 
Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon 
as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount and 
multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub- unit 
(defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a Sub- 
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Linked Interest 
Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(d) 
ISDA and Screen Rate Determination

--- Page 106 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
106 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, is to be determined, 
such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will 
be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent as if it was acting as 
calculation agent for that swap transaction under an interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”) 
or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”) for a 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (y) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d)(i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset 
Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Relevant Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 
a.m., London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as applicable. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (B) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in 
either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent 
will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and

--- Page 107 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
107 
 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations. 
If fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to 
the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major 
banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected 
by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, and the Rate of Interest or Rate for such Interest Period shall be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(e) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 6(b)(ii), 6(b)(iv), 6(c)(ii) or 6(d) above, 
(as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 6(b)(ii), 6(b)(iv), 6(c)(ii) or 6(d) above, 
(as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it in respect of Notes paying a variable rate of interest, together with the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together 
with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis 
of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications to be Final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no 
liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and 
is not paid when due, the amount due and payable shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount. As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall bear 
interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 108 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
108 
 
Terms. Such interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the holder of such Note. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of a 
360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and in the case of an incomplete 
month the actual number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such other 
basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Coupon Switch 
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may in its sole and absolute discretion elect that the Rate 
of Interest for the Notes will be amended (a “Coupon Switch”) from the Pre- 
Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch 
Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon 
Switch Date; or 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and an Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Rate of Interest 
for the Notes will be amended (a “Coupon Switch”) from the Pre-Switch 
Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date 
immediately following the SPS ACS Valuation Date or SPS ACS Valuation 
Period, as applicable, on which the Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, 
if applicable. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch 
Coupon Amount will be payable on the Additional Switch Coupon Payment 
Date. The “Additional Switch Coupon Amount” in respect of each nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Additional Switch Coupon Amount will only be paid on the single 
Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date. Notice of any Coupon Switch will 
be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
“Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date” means the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, which such date must be an Interest 
Payment Date; 
“Automatic Coupon Switch Event” means that the SPS ACS Value is (a) 
“greater than”, (b) “equal to or greater than”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than 
or equal to”, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Coupon Switch Level, (x) on an SPS ACS Valuation Date or (y) in respect 
of an SPS ACS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Coupon Switch Level” means the number, amount, level or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Coupon Switch Date” means each date specified as such or determined 
pursuant to the provisions in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS ACS Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 
1.9 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS ACS Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date 
and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS ACS Valuation Period” means each period specific as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(j) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 109 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
109 
 
(k) 
Interest Payments 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 8 
and 9. Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of 
part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless such Note is redeemed early. If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to 
accrue on the due date for redemption or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect 
of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the due date 
for redemption of such Note. If the payment of principal or the payment, and/or delivery 
of the Entitlement (if applicable), is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at the Fixed Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest or as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due and/or 
assets deliverable in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the holder of such Note and (ii) the day on which the Principal Paying Agent or any 
agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has notified the 
holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 16 or individually) of receipt of all 
sums due and/or assets deliverable in respect thereof up to that date. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, these provisions shall be subject to 
the provisions contained in Annex 6 - “Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes”. 
(l) 
AER Rate Determination 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
The offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page as at the AER Specified 
Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, 
in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (i), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of subparagraph (ii), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the AER Specified Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference 
Rate at approximately the AER Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the AER Specified Time

--- Page 110 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
110 
 
on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, deposits in the Settlement 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to the AER Reference Rate 
(which will be the London inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is LIBOR, or 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
AER Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the AER Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the AER 
Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the inter-bank market applicable to the AER Reference Rate (which will be the London 
inter-bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is LIBOR, or the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, if the AER Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
AER Margin (if any). 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is less than such Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Minimum 
AER Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the 
event that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions 
is greater than such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such 
Maximum AER Reference Rate. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes (other than a Credit Linked Note) will be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 7 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) or, if Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(each such Note a “Physical Delivery Note”) by delivery of the Entitlement (as 
provided in Condition 8(g) below). The “Entitlement” shall be a quantity of the 
Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (unless the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable),  
(iii) 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
(with a copy to the Trustee), or such other period(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Republic of Cyprus or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and

--- Page 111 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
111 
 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(i) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such 
other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due; or 
(ii) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of 
the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 6(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount on the Issuer's giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Trustee), 
or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at the 
Early Redemption Amount plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(c) the “Optional Redemption Amount” in respect 
of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
equal to: 
(i) 
Calculation Amount x the percentage; or 
(ii) 
the Call Payout, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Provided that if the product of the Call Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of 
Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such 
place as the Calculation Agent approves and in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall 
specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed, and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such 
date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Put Option

--- Page 112 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
112 
 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount together with interest (if any) 
accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 6(e), 
the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 6(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date, 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 6(e) the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of 
such Note for all purposes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e) The “Optional Redemption Amount” in 
respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an 
amount equal to: 
(i) 
Calculation Amount x the percentage; or 
(ii) 
the Put Payout, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(f) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(g) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons are purchased therewith. 
(h) 
Cancellation: Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer and any 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may, at the discretion of the 
Issuer, be cancelled and, if so cancelled, may not be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Instalments 
Each Note in definitive form which is redeemable in instalments will be redeemed in 
the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. All instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in 
the case of a definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Coupon (which must be presented with 
the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive Registered Note, the 
relevant Note and issue of a new Note in the nominal amount remaining outstanding, 
all as more fully described in Conditions 8 and 9. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (b), (c) or (d) above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as provided in Condition 2(a) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received 
by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16.

--- Page 113 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
113 
 
(k) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6 as amended or varied by the 
information specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(l) 
Payout Switch 
If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout 
Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
in its sole and absolute discretion elect that, or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Payout Switch 
Event occurs, the Redemption/Payment Basis for the Notes will be amended (a “Payout 
Switch”) from the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the Final Terms to the 
Switched Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notice of any Payout Switch will be given 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
“Automatic Payout Switch Event” means that the SPS APS Value is (a) “greater 
than”, (b) “equal to or greater than”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to”, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Payout Switch Level (x) on 
an SPS APS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of an SPS APS Valuation Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Payout Switch Level” means the number, amount, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS APS Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS APS Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS APS Valuation Period” means each period specific as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
7. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
This Condition 7 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions

--- Page 114 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
114 
 
of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount 
of the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due 
for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for 
payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing 
Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount 
of principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse 
order of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the 
remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant Coupons”) 
being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require 
a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing 
Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, 
if less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable, or a Note is an Index Linked Note, Share Linked Note, 
Commodity Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, ETI Linked Note, 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note or 
Hybrid Note, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in 
whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
6(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) or Condition 10 (Events of Default) all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the 
Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above).

--- Page 115 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
115 
 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a 
statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
 Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon 
forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the 
Principal Paying Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further 
Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
8. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 8 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in 
which the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered 
Note to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth 
day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a branch of a bank in 
the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to 
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth day before 
the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value on the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment 
Business Day, for value on the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated 
and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case 
of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date 
for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and 
(ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due 
date for payment. 
A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being 
a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 8 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail.

--- Page 116 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
116 
 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are 
noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is 
endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business in the place of the Registrar's 
Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record 
Date”). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the 
cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in the Register 
at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
(g) 
Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Notes to be redeemed by delivery or (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes) Delivery of the Entitlement(s), in order to 
obtain delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement in respect of any 
Note, the relevant Noteholder must arrange for (i) an Asset Transfer 
Notice to be delivered on its behalf to the Paying Agent with a copy 
to any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the 
case may be, the Entitlement on its behalf (the “Delivery Agent”) 
not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the 
Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement and (ii) the simultaneous transfer 
of the relevant Notes to the Euroclear account of the Paying Agent. 
For the purposes hereof, “Cut-off Date” means the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (a) in 
respect of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note, the third Business 
Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date or (b) in respect of a 
Credit Linked Note, the first Business Day immediately preceding 
the Settlement Date. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal 
business hours from the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(aa) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone 
number of the relevant Noteholder and the person from 
whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may obtain details 
for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(bb) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number 
of Notes which are the subject of such notice; 
(cc) 
include such details as are required for delivery or 
Delivery of the Entitlement which may include account 
details and/or the name and address of any person(s) 
into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be 
delivered or Delivered and specify the name and 
number of the Noteholder's account to be credited with 
any cash payable by the Issuer, including pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 7, in respect of any cash 
amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends 
relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver and the Issuer electing to pay the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a

--- Page 117 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
117 
 
result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount; 
(dd) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a 
U.S. person (as defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States 
or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or 
other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; 
and 
(ee) 
authorise the production of such certification in any 
applicable administrative or legal proceedings, all as 
provided in the Agency Agreement. 
If Condition 8(g)(B) applies, the form of Asset Transfer Notice 
required to be delivered will be different from that set out above. 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from any 
Paying Agent. 
(ii) 
Information of the Issuer and the Delivery Agent 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, and the relevant Notes, 
the Paying Agent will inform the Issuer and any Delivery Agent 
thereof. 
(iii) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Principal Paying 
Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Delivery Agent and the relevant 
Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not 
copied to any Delivery Agent immediately after being delivered or 
sent as provided in paragraph (1) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the 
satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be 
a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such correction 
was delivered as provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by 
the Paying Agent as provided above. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, in the manner provided below on the date fixed for 
redemption (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Condition, the “Delivery Date”) or in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes Delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner 
provided below on the Settlement Date, provided that the Asset 
Transfer Notice is duly delivered as provided above on or prior to 
the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to have an Asset Transfer Notice given on its 
behalf as provided herein, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the 
Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, Delivered as 
soon as practicable after the date fixed for redemption (in which 
case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes) the Settlement Date at the risk of such 
Noteholder in the manner provided below. For the avoidance of 
doubt, in such circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such 
Delivery Date falling after the date fixed for redemption or the 
originally designated Settlement Date, as applicable and no liability 
in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer.

--- Page 118 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
118 
 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall at the risk of 
the relevant Noteholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement for each Note or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) 
Deliver the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement, in 
such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine and notify to the person designated by the 
Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or in such manner 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. All costs, taxes, duties 
and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or 
other costs, duties or taxes (“Expenses”) arising from the delivery 
of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Entitlement, as the case may be, in respect of such 
Notes shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no 
delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations comprising the Entitlement, as the case may be, shall be 
made until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the 
Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall 
be responsible for or required to make any delivery or Delivery of 
the Entitlement under this Condition. 
(iv) 
General 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for 
the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of 
such Notes. The Entitlement or the aggregate Entitlements in 
respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as 
the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of 
the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and 
in lieu thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the Calculation 
Agent shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date of a Share or ETI Interest all dividends 
on the relevant Shares or ETI Interest to be delivered will be payable 
to the party that would receive such dividend according to market 
practice for a sale of the Shares or ETI Interests executed on the 
Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such 
relevant Shares or ETI Interests. Any such dividends to be paid to a 
Noteholder will be paid to the account specified by the Noteholder 
in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in Condition 8(g) 
(A)(i). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement 
as the Issuer or any person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall 
continue to be the legal owner of the securities or Deliverable 
Obligations comprising the Entitlement (the “Intervening 
Period”), none of the Issuer, the Paying Agents, any Delivery Agent 
and any other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to 
deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, 
payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such 
securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations 
or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder in respect of any loss 
or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during 
such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, 
obligations or Deliverable Obligations.

--- Page 119 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
119 
 
(v) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this Condition 8(g)(A)(v) apply to Notes other 
than Credit Linked Notes. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred 
and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall 
be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in 
respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, 
provided that, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of the relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement using such 
other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such 
event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems 
appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such 
other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, 
where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for 
the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event 
will be the originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as 
delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to 
the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the 
date that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. Payment of the Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder shall be entitled to 
any payment in respect of the relevant Note in the event of any 
delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Redemption Amount”, in respect of any 
relevant Note, shall be the fair market value of such Note (taking 
into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some 
but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non affected 
Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the 
value of such Relevant Assets) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer; 
“Settlement Business Day” has the meaning specified in the 
applicable 
Final Terms; and 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a 
result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Relevant 
Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity

--- Page 120 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
120 
 
The provisions of this Condition 8(g)(A)(vi) apply to the Notes 
other than Credit Linked Notes. 
If “Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity” is specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some 
or all of the Relevant Assets (the “Affected Relevant Assets”) 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to 
illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a “Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity”), then: 
(aa) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not 
Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the 
originally designated date of redemption in accordance 
with this Condition 8(g); and 
(bb) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of 
physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment 
to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date that notice of such 
election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. Payment of the Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. The Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 that the provisions of this Condition 
8(g)(A)(vi) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, “Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount” in respect of any relevant Note shall be the fair market 
value of such Note (taking into account, the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
(vii) 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, the provisions contained in 
Annex 6 -”Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes” shall apply. 
(B) 
Variation of Settlement 
(aa) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option 
to vary settlement in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may in respect 
of each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders the 
Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, 
in lieu thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or 
make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification 
of such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
(bb) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in 
respect of each Note, in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery 
of the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, make payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant 
Noteholders.

--- Page 121 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
121 
 
(C) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer 
may, in respect of such Notes, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises shares or 
ETI Interests which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute for 
the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent 
value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other shares or ETI 
Interests which the Calculation Agent determines are freely tradable (the 
“Substitute Asset” or the “Substitute Assets”, as the case may be) or (ii) 
not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute 
Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant Noteholders, 
but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Noteholder on the 
Settlement Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the 
Entitlement on the Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the “Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount”). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and in the event that the Issuer 
elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall give 
details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a “freely tradable” share or an ETI Interest shall mean 
(i) with respect to the United States, a share or an ETI Interest, as the case 
may be, which is registered under the Securities Act or is not a restricted 
security under the Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer 
of such share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, and not purchased from 
an affiliate of the issuer of such share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, 
or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share or an 
ETI Interest, as the case may be, for purposes of the Securities Act, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) with respect to any other 
jurisdiction, a share or an ETI Interest, as the case may be, not subject to any 
legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(D) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the 
Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any 
Relevant Asset. 
(E) 
Commodity Linked Notes 
Commodity Linked Notes shall not be redeemed by physical delivery and the 
provisions of this Condition 8(g) shall not apply to Commodity Linked 
Notes.  
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Cyprus or any political subdivision therein 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
any law and/or regulation. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as 
will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding 
or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 122 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
122 
 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Note or Coupon or Note Certificate is presented or 
surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the Holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such Note or 
Coupon or Note Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 
days, or 
(iii) 
in respect of withholding on account of 871(m) or FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than The Republic of Cyprus, references in these Conditions to The Republic of 
Cyprus shall be construed as references to The Republic of Cyprus and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within three days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any 
of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and the Trust Deed and such 
default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee is capable of remedy, 
remains in the opinion of the Trustee unremedied for 14 days after written notice 
thereof, addressed to the Issuer by the Trustee, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent; or 
(c) 
Insolvency etc: (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made) in respect of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or any substantial 
part of its business; or 
(d) 
Winding up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus or 
has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c) to (d) above; 
or 
(f) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed, 
then the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so directed in writing by the holders of at least one 
fifth in principal amount of the Notes outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall, and, subject in all cases to the Trustee having been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction, give written notice to the Issuer declaring all Notes immediately due 
and repayable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and repayable at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
The provisions of the Trust Deed are expressed to apply separately to each Series. Accordingly, 
the occurrence of an Event of Default under one Series does not per se constitute and nor does it 
trigger an Event of Default under any other Series.

--- Page 123 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
123 
 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent and a registrar; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office 
in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Principal Trust Deed contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Trustee (subject to its being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of

--- Page 124 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
124 
 
the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any 
such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as 
if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders, at any time from time to time concur with the Issuer in making any 
modification (other than sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of “Relevant Fraction” and 
the definition of “Reserved Matter” or relating to a matter falling within such 
definitions) to the Principal Trust Deed, the Notes or these Conditions or any document 
connected to the Programme to which the Trustee is a party, which in the opinion of the 
Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature, is made to correct a manifest error, to 
cure any ambiguity or is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Waivers: The Trustee may without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent 
breach, condition, event or act at any time and without the consent of the Noteholders, 
but only if and in so far as in its opinion, the interests of the Noteholders (of the relevant 
Series in relation to which it is a Trustee) will not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(i) 
waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Trust Deed or any other document 
connected to the Programme in relation to a Series; or 
(ii) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as an Event of 
Default in relation to such Series for the purposes of the Trust Deed in 
relation to such Series, 
provided that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it in contravention 
of any express request given by an Extraordinary Resolution but so that no such request 
shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made or 
authorise any such breach or proposed breach relating to any matters the subject of the 
Reserved Matters as specified in the Trust Deed. Any such waiver, authorisation or 
determination may be given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions as 
may seem fit and proper to the Trustee, shall be binding on the Noteholders and, unless 
the Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Entitlement: In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or 
discretions (including, but not limited to, those in relation to any proposed modification 
or waiver as aforesaid), the Trustee shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for any individual Noteholder resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper

--- Page 125 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
125 
 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. Notices from one or more 
Noteholders to other Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) and, if the Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by 
first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register and, if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, notices 
to Noteholders will be published on the date of such mailing in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth day after the date of mailing. Notices from one or more Noteholders to other 
Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, 
if the Registered Notes are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin (www.ise.ie) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. 
17. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Russian Rouble amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Russian Rouble amount, and (d) all amounts

--- Page 126 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
126 
 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a “Dispute”) arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered in connection with any proceedings in England, to BCS 
Prime Brokerage Limited at 99 Bishopsgate, London, United Kingdom, EC2M 3XD or 
to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or at such other address 
in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. 
20. 
Trustee Rights 
Trustee's indemnity: Trustee free to enter into transactions 
The Principal Trust Deed contains provisions for indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking any actions unless indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee or any of its affiliates are entitled 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, any issuer or guarantor of (or other obligor in 
respect of) any of the notes or other assets, rights and/or benefits without accounting to the 
Noteholders for any profit resulting therefrom.

--- Page 127 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
127 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
The following terms and conditions (the “Payout Conditions”), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, relate to the payouts in respect of the Notes. In particular, certain sections 
of the Payout Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) and the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail. The descriptions of the payouts, coupon rates and entitlement amounts 
and/or related provisions included in italics below do not form part of the Payout Conditions, are included 
for information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of the relevant payout, coupon rate or 
entitlement amount, as applicable. 
1. 
SPS COUPON RATES, PAYOUTS AND ENTITLEMENT AMOUNTS 
1.1 
SPS Coupon Rates 
The following Coupon Rate(s) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
SPS Fixed Coupon 
if SPS Fixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: Rate(i). 
Rate(i) means the rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applicable for the 
relevant period. 
Description of Coupon Rate 
An SPS Fixed Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a specified rate for 
the relevant period. 
(b) 
Digital Coupon 
If Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: Rate(i); or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: zero. 
Rate(i) means the rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applicable for 
the SPS Coupon Valuation Period. 
Description of Coupon Rate 
A Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a specified rate for the 
relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not met then the Notes 
will pay no interest for that period. 
(c) 
Snowball Digital Coupon 
If Snowball Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable:  
Rate(i) + SumRate(i) 
Where “Sum Rate(i) “ means the sum of Rate(i) for each SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period 
from (but excluding) the last occurring Snowball Date (or if none the Issue 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period; or 
(ii) 
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
zero. 
Rate(i) means the rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applicable for 
the SPS Coupon Valuation Period.

--- Page 128 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
128 
 
Description of Coupon Rate 
A Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of 
a Digital Coupon Condition but with a memory effect. Any interest not paid in respect 
of a period may be paid at a later date if certain conditions are met. 
(d) 
Accrual Digital Coupon 
If Accrual Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i) x (n/N) 
Where: 
“n” is the number of AC Digital Days in the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i) 
on which the AC Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
“N” is the number of AC Digital Days in the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i). 
Rate(i) means the rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applicable for the SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period. 
Description of Coupon Rate 
An Accrual Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of 
a rate calculated by reference to the number of AC Digital Days on which a specified 
condition is satisfied in the relevant period. 
(e) 
Stellar Coupon 
If Stellar Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
))
i(
Percentage
Strike
))]
k
,i(
Value
Coupon
),
i(
Percentage
Cap
(
Min
),
i(
Percentage
Floor
[
k
1
k
Max
K
1
),
i
)(
MinCoupon
(
Max



 
Description of Coupon Rate 
A Stellar Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest, in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to a basket of Underlying References 
with the value of each Underlying Reference being subject to a cap and a floor. The rate 
is also subject to a floor. 
 
(f) 
Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1 
If Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
r x Daycount Fraction 
Where: 
"Basket Performance" means, in respect of each Interest Period, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[∑
((
𝑃𝑖
𝑡−1
𝑃𝑖
0 ) 𝑥 𝑊𝑖)
4
𝑖=1
]
∑ 𝑊𝑖
4
𝑖
 
Where: 
" 
 
", means the sum of, such that, for example, 

N
0
j
 
Xj is defined by X0+ X1+ ….+ 
XN; 
"i" means the relevant Underlying Reference identified by the relevant number 
following "i=" in the applicable Final Terms; 
"𝑷𝒊
𝒕−𝟏" means, in respect of each Underlying Reference and an Interest Period, the 
Strike Price in respect of such Underlying Reference in respect of such Interest Period;

--- Page 129 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
129 
 
"𝑷𝒊
𝟎" means, in respect of each Underlying Reference, the Initial Strike Price in respect 
of such Underlying; and  
"𝑾𝒊" means, in respect of each Underlying Reference, the Weighting (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) in respect of such Underlying Reference.  
"Basket Performance Barrier" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the basket 
performance barrier in respect of such Interest Period as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Interest Period Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Initial Strike Price" means in respect of each Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such Underlying Reference in respect of 
the Cut-off Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the Cut-off 
Date is a Disrupted Day, the next following day that is not a Disrupted Day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"r" means, in respect of: 
(i) 
the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Cut-off Date (the “Initial 
Interest Period”), the Initial Interest Period Rate; and 
(ii) each Interest Period (other than the Initial Interest Period), if the Basket 
Performance in respect of such Interest Period is (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater 
than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” (in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Basket Performance 
Barrier in respect of such Interest Period, the Subsequent Interest Period 
Rate: 
"Strike Price" means in respect of each Underlying Reference and each Interest Period, 
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such Underlying Reference 
in respect of the Interest Valuation Date falling in such Interest Period, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Subsequent Interest Period Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for such Interest Period. 
“Weighting” means, in respect of each Underlying Reference, the weighting of such 
Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2 
If Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms 
 
 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟× 𝑟 𝑥 𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 
Where: 
“Performance Factor” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 1 + [𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛]×
∑
(𝑃𝑖
𝑡−1
𝑃𝑖
0 −1) × 𝑊𝑖
3
𝑖=1
∑𝑊𝑖
3
𝑖
 
Where:  
“Participation” means the percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"𝑷𝒊
𝟎" means the Initial Fixing Level in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference.

--- Page 130 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
130 
 
"𝑷𝒊
𝒕−𝟏"  means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Fixing Level of the relevant 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Date in respect of the Interest Payment Date falling 
immediately prior to such Interest Payment Date. 
"𝑾𝒊”  means the Weighting in respect of each Underlying Reference. 
“i” means the order number of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"∑[
]
𝟑
𝒊
" means the sum of, such that, for example, 

N
0
j
 
Xj is defined by X0+ 
X1+ ….+ XN. 
"r" means the percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fixing Level” means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value as of such date.  
“Initial Fixing Level” means the Fixing Level as of the Issue Date.  
“Weighting” means in respect of each Underlying, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(h) 
Himalaya Coupon  
If Himalaya Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
in respect of the Initial Interest Period, the relevant Fixed Interest Amount:  
(ii) 
in respect of each Regular Interest Period, the aggregate of the relevant Fixed 
Interest Amount and any Delayed Interest Amounts to the extent not paid, 
provided that the Himalaya Coupon Condition has been satisfied. If in respect 
of a Regular Interest Period, the interest amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of such Regular Interest Period is not paid on such 
Interest Payment Date because the Himalaya Coupon Condition has not been 
satisfied, no interest amount shall be paid on such Interest Payment Date and 
such interest amount shall be deemed to be a “Delayed Interest Amount”. 
If the Himalaya Coupon Condition has not been satisfied in respect of the 
last Regular Interest Period, the interest amount  in respect of the last Regular 
Interest Period shall be zero and no Delayed Interest Amount(s) (if any) shall 
be payable: and  
(iii) 
in respect of each Additional Interest Period, the relevant Fixed Interest 
Amount.  
Where:  
“Additional Interest Period” means each period as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
“Best Performing Underlying Reference” means, in respect of an SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference in the Relevant Basket with the highest 
Performance in respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Underlying References in the Relevant 
Basket have the same highest Performance in respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which Underlying Reference shall be 
the Best Performing Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date in its sole and absolute discretion, and such Underlying Reference shall be the Best 
Performing Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation Date).  
“Fixed Interest Amount” means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:   
𝑪𝒂𝒍𝒄𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 𝑨𝒎𝒐𝒖𝒏𝒕×
𝒓 𝒙 𝒍𝒊
𝟑𝟔𝟓

--- Page 131 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
131 
 
Where: 
“li” means in respect of each Initial Interest Period, Regular Interest Period and 
Additional Interest Period (as applicable), the actual number of days in such period. 
“r” means in respect of each Initial Interest Period, Regular Interest Period and 
Additional Interest Period (as applicable), the rate as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
“Himalaya Coupon Condition” means, in respect of each Regular Interest Period, the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of the Best Performing 
Underlying Reference in the Relevant Basket, in each case in respect of the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of such Regular Interest Period, is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) 
“greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to”than the 
Underlying Reference Strike Price in respect of such Best Performing Underlying 
Reference.  
“Initial Interest Period” means the period as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
  
[1+ (𝑅𝑃𝑖−𝑆𝑖
𝑆𝑖
)] 
Where:  
“RPi” means the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such 
Underlying Reference and such SPS Coupon Valuation Date.  
“Si” means the Underlying Reference Strike Price in respect of such Underlying 
Reference.  
“Regular Interest Period” means each period as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
“Relevant Basket” means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date, a basket 
comprising each Underlying Reference, provided that each Best Performing Underlying 
Reference (if any) in respect of each SPS Coupon Valuation Date (if any) preceding 
such SPS Coupon Valuation Date shall be automatically removed from the Relevant 
Basket in respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation Date and any subsequent SPS Coupon 
Valuation Dates, provided further that, if there is only one Underlying Reference in the 
Relevant Basket in respect of such SPS Coupon Valuation Date, such Underlying 
Reference shall not be automatically removed from the Relevant Basket. 
1.2 
SPS Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable Calculation Amount (each a 
“Final Payout”) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
SPS Fixed Percentage Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Fixed Percentage 
Notes: 
Constant Percentage 1 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage 1.  
(b) 
SPS Reverse Convertible Notes 
(i) 
SPS Reverse Convertible Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Reverse 
Convertible Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: Constant Percentage 1; or

--- Page 132 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
132 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing x Option; 0%) 
Where: 
“Option” means Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“EDS” means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 - nEDS 
x Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
“nEDS” means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the basket in 
respect of which the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or 
(ii) less than, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, EDS Barrier 
Percentage; 
“Forward” means Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; 
“Put” means Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0); and 
“Put Spread” means Min (Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption 
Value; 0); Cap Percentage), 
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub- 
paragraph (B) of this Payout Condition 1.2(b)(i) apply and Physical Delivery 
Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to 
the Constant Percentage 1; 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Put or Put Spread 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the 
Strike Percentage; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage 
that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket 
have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When 
Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying 
References with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage. 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply.  
(c) 
SPS Vanilla Products 
(i) 
Vanilla Call Spread Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call 
Spread Notes: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing∗ Min (Max(Final Redemption Value − Strike Percentage; Floor Percentage), 
Cap Percentage) 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant 
Percentage 1 or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the 
Strike Percentage up to a maximum level. The maximum level is

--- Page 133 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
133 
 
equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(ii) 
Vanilla Put Spread Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Put 
Spread Notes: 
Constant Percentage1 + Gearing * Min (Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0); Cap 
Percentage) 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if Gearing is positive a fixed percentage equal to Constant 
Percentage 1 or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the 
Strike Percentage up to a maximum level. The maximum level is 
equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(iii) 
Vanilla Digital Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla 
Digital Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Bonus Coupon; or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Bonus Coupon. 
(iv) 
Knock-in Vanilla Call Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Knock-in 
Vanilla Call Notes: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing*Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage.  
(v) 
Knock-out Vanilla Call Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Knock-out 
Vanilla Call Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing * Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: Constant Percentage 2. 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage; and 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage.

--- Page 134 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
134 
 
(d) 
Asian Products 
(i) 
Asian Spread Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Asian Spread 
Notes: 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 


)
Percentage
Cap
);
Percentage
Floor
,
)
Percentage
Cap
Local
),
Percentage
Floor
Local
,
Percentage
Strike
Value
demption
Re
Final
(
Max
(
Min
M
Total
1
Max
(
Min
Gearing
1
Percentage
t
tan
Cons
)i(
)i(
)i(
)i(
m
)i(





 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable: 
1
Percentage
t
tan
Cons
 
)
Percentage
Cap
);
Percentage
Floor
)),
Percentage
Floor
Local
,
Percentage
Strike
,
Value
demption
Re
Final
(
Max
(
M
Total
1
Max
(
Min
Gearing
)i(
)i(
)i(
m
)i(





 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and 
 
indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) 
up to a maximum level if the average value is above the Strike 
Percentage. The maximum level is equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(ii) 
Himalaya Notes Type 1 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Himalaya 
Notes Type 1: 
1
Percentage
t
tan
Cons
 




0
),
Percentage
Floor
Local
,
Percentage
Strike
,
Value
Lock
Best
(
max
M
Total
1
Max
Gearing
)i(
)i(
)i(
m
)i(





 
Where: 
“BestLockValue(i)” means the highest Underlying Reference Value on SPS 
Valuation Date[•] of the Underlying Reference(s) in Relevant Basket(i); and 
“Relevant Basket(i)” means, in respect of SPS Valuation Date(i) a Basket 
comprising each Underlying Reference in Relevant Basket(i-1) but excluding 
the Underlying Reference in relation to BestLockValue(i-1). 
Relevant Basket(i) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; 
 
average indexation to the Underlying References above the Strike 
Percentage in accordance with the selection criteria on each 
Valuation Date where the Value of the best performing 
Underlying Reference in the Basket is calculated and then 
removed from the Basket for the following Valuation Dates, the 
Payout providing indexation to the average of those calculated 
Values (the BestLockValues) above the Strike Percentage. 
(iii) 
Himalaya Notes Type 2 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Himalaya 
Notes Type 2: 
The Payout comprises:

--- Page 135 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
135 
 
 
if the Himalaya Condition is satisfied on the Maturity Date, the 
outstanding principal amount; and 
 
if the Himalaya Condition is not satisfied on the Maturity Date, 
an amount equal to the following:  
Calculation Amount x (A-B) 
Where 
“A” is 1; and 
“B” is 
(a) the Underlying Reference Strike Price on the final SPS 
Valuation Date, minus (ii) the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value of the Best Value Himalaya on the 
final SPS Valuation Date; divided by 
(b) the Underlying Reference Strike Price means on the 
final SPS Valuation Date. 
“Himalaya Condition” means the Best Value Himalaya is greater than the 
Barrier Level; where: 
“Best Value Himalaya” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the 
highest Underlying Reference Value for any Underlying Reference in the 
Relevant Basket(i) in respect of such SPS Valuation Date(i), provided, 
however, that, for the purposes hereof:  
“Underlying Reference Value” means, in respect of this Himalaya Notes 
Type 2 Payout and in respect of an Underlying Reference and an SPS 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) minus 
the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price and (b) if FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX 
Value; and 
“Relevant Basket” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, a basket 
comprising each Underlying Reference in the Relevant Basket, but excluding 
the Underlying Reference in respect of the Best Value Himalaya on each 
previous SPS Valuation Date. 
 
(iv) 
Himalaya Notes Type 3 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Himalaya Notes 
Type 3: 
The Final Redemption Amount for the purposes of Condition 6(a) shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
(i) 
if the Himalaya Condition is satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; and  
(ii) 
if the Himalaya Condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula:  
𝑴𝑨𝑿[(𝑪𝒂𝒍𝒄𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 𝑨𝒎𝒐𝒖𝒏𝒕 𝒙 𝑳𝒆𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒈𝒆 𝑭𝒂𝒄𝒕𝒐𝒓)
−𝑨𝒈𝒈𝒓𝒆𝒈𝒂𝒕𝒆 𝑰𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒕 𝑨𝒎𝒐𝒖𝒏𝒕);  
(𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑩𝒆𝒔𝒕 𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝒙 𝑪𝒂𝒍𝒄𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 𝑨𝒎𝒐𝒖𝒏𝒕)] 
Where:  
“Aggregate Interest Amount” means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the 
aggregate of all interest amounts determined as of the Maturity Date (to the 
extent paid or payable on or prior to the Maturity Date), if any, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 136 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
136 
 
“Best Performing Underlying Reference” means, in respect of an SPS 
Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference in the Relevant Basket with the 
highest Performance in respect of such SPS Valuation Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Underlying Reference 
in the Relevant Basket have the same highest Performance in respect of such 
SPS Valuation Date, then the Calculation Agent shall determine which 
Underlying Reference shall be the Best Performing Underlying Reference in 
respect of such SPS Valuation Date in its sole and absolute discretion, and 
such Underlying Reference shall be the Best Performing Underlying 
Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date).  
“Final Best Performance” means the Performance of the Best Performing 
Underlying Reference, in each case in respect of the final SPS Valuation 
Date. 
“Himalaya Condition” means the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value in respect of the Best Performing Underlying Reference in the 
Relevant Basket, in each case in respect of the final SPS Valuation Date, (aa) 
“greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less 
than or equal to” the Underlying Reference Strike Price in respect of such 
Best Performing Underlying Reference.  
“Leverage Factor” means the number or percentage as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
“MAX” followed by a series of amounts (or values) inside square brackets, 
means whichever is greater of the amounts (or values) separated by a semi-
colon inside such square brackets.  
“Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an SPS 
Valuation Date, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
  
[1+ (𝑅𝑃𝑖−𝑆𝑖
𝑆𝑖
)] 
Where:  
“RPi” means the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of 
such Underlying Reference and such SPS Valuation Date.  
“Si” means the Underlying Reference Strike Price in respect of such 
Underlying Reference.  
“Relevant Basket” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, a basket 
comprising each Underlying Reference, provided that each Best Performing 
Underlying Reference (if any) in respect of each SPS Valuation Date (if any) 
preceding such SPS Valuation Date shall be automatically removed from the 
Relevant Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation Date and any subsequent 
SPS Valuation Dates, provided further that, if there is only one Underlying 
Reference in the Relevant Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation Date, such 
Underlying Reference shall not be automatically removed from the Relevant 
Basket.  
 
(e) 
Auto-Callable Products 
(i) 
Autocall Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Autocall 
Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: Constant 
Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate; or 
(B) 
 if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-
in Event has occurred:

--- Page 137 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
137 
 
Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in 
Event has occurred: 
Max(Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing x Option; 0%)] 
where: 
“Option” means Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“EDS” means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 
- nEDS x Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
“Forward” means Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; 
“nEDS” means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the 
Basket in respect of which the relevant Final Redemption Value is 
(i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
“Put” means Max(Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0); 
and 
“Put Spread” means Min (Max (Strike Percentage - Final 
Redemption Value; 0); Cap Percentage), 
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this 
Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph 
(C) of this Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery 
Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no 
Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery 
will apply. 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed 
percentage plus a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit 
Rate); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and 
no Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed percentage 
(that may differ from the above fixed percentage); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a 
Knock-In Event has occurred and Option is Put or Put 
Spread no fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage; or 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a 
Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, 
no fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s); or 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a 
Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a 
percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the 
EDS Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is positive the 
higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a 
value above this barrier the higher the percentage.

--- Page 138 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
138 
 
 
Physical Delivery may also apply.  
(ii) 
Autocall One Touch Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Autocall 
One Touch Notes: 
(A) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: Constant 
Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate; 
(B) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied a no Knock-out 
Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out 
Event has occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 3 + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2; or 
(D) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-
out Event has occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
Max (Constant Percentage 4 + Gearing x Option; 0%) where: 
“Forward” means Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage; 
“Option” means Put, Put Spread or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Put” means Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0); 
and 
“Put Spread” means Min (Max (Strike Percentage - Final 
Redemption Value; 0); Cap Percentage. Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed 
percentage plus a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit 
Rate); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and 
a Knock- Out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage 
(that may differ from the above fixed percentage); 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and 
no Knock-Out Event and no Knock-In Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the 
above fixed percentages); or 
 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and 
no Knock-Out Event has occurred, if Option is Put or 
Put Spread but a Knock-In Event has occurred, no 
fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage; 
or if Option is Forward, no fixed percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(iii) 
Autocall Standard Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Autocall Standard 
Notes: 
(A) 
If FR Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final 
Redemption Condition Level: 
100% + FR Exit Rate; or 
(B) 
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition 
Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or

--- Page 139 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
139 
 
(C) 
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition 
Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (100%, Final Redemption Value).  
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Value may be divided by an amount equal to the Knock-in 
Level. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date is 
equal to or greater than the Final Redemption Condition Level, 
100 per cent. plus a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
 
if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date is 
less than the Final Redemption Condition Level and no Knock-in 
Event has occurred, 100 per cent. plus a fixed percentage; or 
 
if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date is 
less than the Final Redemption Condition Level and a Knock-in 
Event has occurred, the lesser of 100 per cent. and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(f) 
Indexation Products 
(i) 
Certi plus: Twin Win Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Twin Win Notes: 
(A) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [0, Gear Down ∗ Final Redemption Value]; or 
(2) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Max (Gear up 1* (Strike Percentage 
- Final Redemption Value),Gear up 2 * (Final Redemption Value - 
Strike Percentage)),Floor Percentage] 
(B) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(1) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + [Min (Cap Percentage, Gear Down * Final 
Redemption Value)]; or 
(2) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Max (Gear up 1 * (Strike Percentage 
- Final Redemption Value),Min (Cap Percentage - Strike 
Percentage, Gear Up 2 * (Final Redemption Value - Strike 
Percentage))),Floor Percentage]. 
Description of Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the 
Strike Percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage in absolute terms; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage,

--- Page 140 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
140 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the 
Strike Percentage and up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage in absolute terms; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage. 
(ii) 
Certi plus: Generic Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Notes: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up ∗ Option Up + Gearing Down ∗ Option Down 
where: 
“Down Call” means Max (Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
“Down Call Spread” means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value –
Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
“Down Forward” means Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike 
Percentage; 
“Down Put” means Max (Down Strike Percentage - Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
“Down Put Spread” means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage - Down 
Final Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
“Option Down” means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down 
Call or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Option Up” means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up 
Put Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Up Call” means Max (Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike Percentage; 
Up Floor Percentage); 
“Up Call Spread” means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
“Up Forward” means Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike Percentage; 
“Up Put” means Max (Up Strike Percentage - Up Final Redemption Value; 
Up Floor Percentage); and 
“Up Put Spread” means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage - Up Final 
Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage).  
Description of the Payout  
The Payout provides no guarantee of a fixed percentage and comprises: 
 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through 
the Option Up which may be subject to a maximum level; and 
 
indexation to the value (this value may differ from the value 
above) of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down 
which may be subject to a maximum level (which may differ from 
the maximum level above). 
(iii) 
Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Knock-in Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up * Option Up

--- Page 141 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
141 
 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Down * Option Down  
where: 
“Down Call” means Max (Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
“Down Call Spread” means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value –
Down Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
“Down Forward” means Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike 
Percentage; 
“Down Put” means Max (Down Strike Percentage - Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
“Down Put Spread” means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage - Down 
Final Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
“Option Down” means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down 
Call or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Option Up” means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up 
Put Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Up Call” means Max (Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike Percentage; 
Up Floor Percentage); 
“Up Call Spread” means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
“Up Forward” means Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike Percentage; 
“Up Put” means Max (Up Strike Percentage - Up Final Redemption Value; 
Up Floor Percentage); and 
“Up Put Spread” means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage - Up Final 
Redemption Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage).  
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation 
to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option 
Up which may be subject to a maximum level; or 
 
if a Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ 
from the value above) through the Option Down which may be 
subject to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum 
level above). 
(g) 
Certi plus: Generic Knock-out Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: Generic 
Knock-out Notes: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up x Option Up; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Down x Option Down,  
where: 
“Down Call” means Max (Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike Percentage; 
Down Floor Percentage);

--- Page 142 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
142 
 
“Down Call Spread” means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
“Down Forward” means Down Final Redemption Value - Down Strike Percentage; 
“Down Put” means Max (Down Strike Percentage - Down Final Redemption Value; 
Down Floor Percentage); 
“Down Put Spread” means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage - Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
“Option Down” means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call or 
Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Option Up” means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put Spread 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Up Call” means Max (Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike Percentage; Up Floor 
Percentage); 
“Up Call Spread” means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
“Up Forward” means Up Final Redemption Value - Up Strike Percentage; 
“Up Put” means Max (Up Strike Percentage - Up Final Redemption Value; Up Floor 
Percentage); and 
“Up Put Spread” means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage - Up Final Redemption 
Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage).  
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
 
if no Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be subject 
to a maximum level; or 
 
if a Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) 
through the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which 
may differ from the maximum level above). 
(h) 
Stellar Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Stellar Notes: 









K
1
K
Percentage
Strike
))]
k
(
Value
demption
Re
Final
,
Percentage
Cap
(
Min
,
Percentage
Floor
Local
[
Max
K
1
Percentage
Floor
Global
Max
 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises an amount equal to the sum of the Final Redemption Values 
above the Strike Percentage for each Underlying Reference in the basket (each such 
Final Redemption Value being subject to a minimum and a maximum level) subject to 
a minimum level of the Global Floor Percentage. 
(i) 
Delta Notes 
(i) 
Vanilla Delta Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Vanilla Delta 
Notes. 
𝑫𝒆𝒍𝒕𝒂 𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑹𝒆𝒇𝒆𝒓𝒆𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑷𝒓𝒊𝒄𝒆 𝑽𝒂𝒍𝒖𝒆
𝑪𝒂𝒍𝒄𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 𝑨𝒎𝒐𝒖𝒏𝒕
 
(ii) 
Delta Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Delta Performance 
Notes:

--- Page 143 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
143 
 
𝑫𝒆𝒍𝒕𝒂 𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑹𝒆𝒇𝒆𝒓𝒆𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝑭𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝑷𝒓𝒊𝒄𝒆 𝑽𝒂𝒍𝒖𝒆
𝑫𝒆𝒍𝒕𝒂 𝑼𝒏𝒅𝒆𝒓𝒍𝒚𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑹𝒆𝒇𝒆𝒓𝒆𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝑰𝒏𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒂𝒍 𝑷𝒓𝒊𝒄𝒆 𝑽𝒂𝒍𝒖𝒆 
 For purposes of this Payout Condition 1.2(i) 
“Delta Underlying Reference Final Price Value” means, in respect of an Delta Final 
Valuation Date: 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index or Custom Index, the 
Closing Level; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the 
Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Relevant Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement 
Price; or 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Interest Rate; 
in each case in respect of such day. 
“Delta Underlying Reference Initial Price Value” means, in respect of an Delta Initial 
Valuation Date: 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index or Custom Index, the 
Closing Level; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the 
Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Relevant Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement 
Price; or 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Interest Rate; 
in each case in respect of such day. 
“Delta Final Valuation Date” means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
If such day is a Disrupted Day or a Commodity Disrupted Day (as applicable), then the 
corresponding provisions of in the definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provision to “Valuation Date” were for Delta Final 
Valuation Date”. 
 
“Delta Initial Valuation Date” means the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If such day is a Disrupted Day or a Commodity Disrupted Day (as applicable), 
then the corresponding provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to “Valuation Date” were to “Delta 
Initial Valuation Date”. 
 
(j) 
Final Basket Performance Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Final Basket 
Performance Notes: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount x [1 - ([1-Final Basket Performance Ratio] x Final 
Redemption Leverage Factor)] 
Where: 
“Basket Price” means, at any time, the sum of the QR Prices in respect of the 
Underlying References. 
“Cut-off Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 144 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
144 
 
 
"Final Basket Performance Ratio" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐜𝐞
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐜𝐞 
provided, however, that (if applicable) if:  
(i) 
an Underlying Reference has been redeemed, cancelled or terminated (as 
applicable) in full in accordance with its terms, such Underlying Reference 
shall be excluded; or  
(ii) 
an Underlying Reference has been substituted in accordance with the 
Conditions, at the Issuer’s discretion such Substitute Underlying Reference 
shall either be (I) included; or (II) excluded, 
from the calculation of both the Final Basket Price and the Initial Basket Price for the 
purposes of the determination of the Final Basket Performance Ratio. 
"Final Basket Price" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the Final Prices in respect of each Underlying Reference.  
"Final Valuation Date" means the day that is two Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date. 
"Final Price" means, in respect of each Underlying Reference, the QR Price in respect 
of such Underlying Reference at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date, 
provided that, if, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the QR Price is not available at the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date, 
the Final Price in respect of such Underlying Reference shall be the QR Price at 
any time before the Valuation Time on the Final Valuation Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
the QR Price is not available at any time on the Final Valuation Date, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the QR Price in respect of such Underlying 
Reference and the Final Valuation Date in its sole discretion acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Redemption Leverage Factor" means an amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Initial Basket Price" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the Initial Prices in respect of each Underlying Reference. 
"Initial Price" means, in respect of each Underlying Reference, the QR Price in respect 
of such Underlying Reference at the Valuation Time on the Cut-off Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that, if in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i) 
the QR Price is not available at the Valuation Time on the Cut-off Date, the 
Initial Price in respect of such Underlying Reference shall be the QR Price at any 
time before the Valuation Time on the Cut-off Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and  
(ii) 
the QR Price is not available at any time on the Cut-off Date, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the QR Price in respect of such Underlying Reference and 
the Cut-off Date in its sole discretion acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"QR Price" means: 
(i) 
in respect of calculating the Basket Price, the price as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of an Underlying Reference at any time 
during a Business Day;  
(ii) 
in respect of calculating a Final Price, the price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of an Underlying Reference at the Valuation Time; and

--- Page 145 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
145 
 
(iii) 
in respect of calculating the Initial Price, the price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of the relevant Underlying Reference at Valuation Time. 
(k) 
Final Participation Notes 
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Final Participation Notes: 
𝑁𝐴 𝑥 [1+ [𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛] ×
∑
(𝑃𝑖
𝑡−1
𝑃𝑖
0 −1) × 𝑊𝑖
3
𝑖=1
∑𝑊𝑖
3
𝑖
] 
Where:  
“Participation” means the percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"𝑷𝒊
𝟎" means the Initial Fixing Level in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference. 
"𝑷𝒊
𝒕−𝟏"  means the Final Fixing Level. 
"𝑾𝒊”  means the Weighting in respect of each Underlying Reference. 
“i” means the order number of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"∑[
]
𝟑
𝒊
" means the sum of, such that, for example, 

N
0
j
 
Xj is defined by X0+ X1+ ….+ XN. 
"r" means the percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Final Fixing Level” means the Fixing Level as of the day falling 3 Business Days prior to 
the scheduled Maturity Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
“Fixing Level” means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value as of such date.  
“Initial Fixing Level” means the Fixing Level as of the Issue Date.  
“Weighting” means in respect of each Underlying Reference, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.4 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call Payouts and Put Payouts 
(a) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, and 
(i) 
if SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 1 is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 1 shall be: 
NA * (AER Redemption Percentage + AER Exit Rate), 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout 1 will be subject to a cap of the Maximum SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 2 is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 2 shall be: 
Aggregate Nominal Amount x [1- ([1-Early Basket Performance Ratio] 
x Early Redemption Leverage Factor)] 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout 2 will be subject to a cap of the Maximum SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS

--- Page 146 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
146 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
 
 
(b) 
Definitions for SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
“AER Athena up Rate” means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 



(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
Percentage
 
Constant
 
ER
 
  
Percentage
 
Cap
 
ER
,
 Spread
ER
 
 ,
Percentage
 
 Strike
ER
 - 
Value
 
(ER
 x 
Gearing
 
Percentage
 
Floor
 
 
Min(Max


ER
ER
 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 



(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
Percentage
 
Constant
 
ER
 
  ,
d
 Sprea
ER
 
Percentage
 
 Strike
ER
 - 
Value
 
(ER
 x 
Gearing
 
ER
Percentage
 
Floor
 
ER
 
Max


 
“AER Calculation Period” means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Automatic Early Redemption Date (or if 
none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
“AER CSN Rate” means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate 
and the applicable AER Day Count Fraction; 
“AER Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“AER Exit Rate” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, any of AER Rate, AER Athena up Rate or AER CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“AER Rate” is as defined in Index Linked Condition 6, Index Linked Condition 
13.2, Share Linked Condition 6, Commodity Linked Condition 6, ETI Linked 
Condition 8, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 5 and Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Condition 7, as applicable; 
“AER Redemption Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“AER Reference Rate” means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Basket Price” means, at any time, the sum of the QR Prices in respect of the 
Underlying Reference.   
“Basket Performance Ratio” means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Basket Price / Initial Basket Price 
 
provided, however, that (if applicable) if an Underlying Reference has been 
redeemed, cancelled or terminated (as applicable) in full in accordance with its 
terms, such Underlying Reference shall be excluded from the calculation of both 
the Basket Price and the Initial Basket Price for the purposes of the 
determination of the Basket Performance Ratio. 
“Cut-off Date” means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Early Basket Performance Ratio" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐄𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐜𝐞
𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐚𝐥 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐜𝐞 
provided, however, that (if applicable) if an Underlying has been redeemed, 
cancelled or terminated (as applicable) in full in accordance with its terms, such 
Underlying shall be excluded from the calculation of both the Early Basket Price and

--- Page 147 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
147 
 
the Initial Basket Price for the purposes of the determination of the Early Basket 
Performance Ratio. 
"Early Basket Price" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the Final Prices in respect of each Underlying Reference. 
"Early Redemption Leverage Factor" means an amount as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“ER Cap Percentage” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ER Constant Percentage” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS 
ER Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ER Floor Percentage” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ER Gearing” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ER Spread” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ER Strike Percentage” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER 
Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“ER Value” means, in respect of an SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means the day that is two Business Days prior 
to the Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
“Final Price" means: in respect of each Underlying Reference, the QR Price in respect 
of such Underlying Reference at the Valuation Time on the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or, if Related Disposal Period is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, during the Related Disposal Period, provided that, if, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference: 
(i) 
the QR Price is not available at the Valuation Time on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the Final Price in respect of such Underlying Reference shall 
be the QR Price at any time before the Valuation Time on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
the QR Price is not available at any time on the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Final Price in respect of such Underlying shall be the QR Price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of such Underlying Reference 
and the Early Redemption Valuation Date in its sole discretion acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner,  
provided further that, if Related Disposal Period is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant fallbacks in respect of QR Price used for calculating 
the relevant Final Price in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference are as set out in 
the definition of QR Price below.  
Initial Basket Price" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
sum of the Initial Prices in respect of each Underlying Reference. 
"Initial Price" means, in respect of each Underlying Reference, the QR Price in respect 
of such Underlying Reference at the Valuation Time on the Cut-off Date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that, if in respect of an Underlying: 
(i) 
the QR Price is not available at the Valuation Time on the Cut-off Date, the 
Initial Price in respect of such Underlying Reference shall be the QR Price at 
any time before the Valuation Time on the Cut-off Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and  
(ii) 
the QR Price is not available at any time on the Cut-off Date, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the QR Price in respect of such Underlying Reference

--- Page 148 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
148 
 
and the Cut-off Date in its sole discretion acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Intraday QR Price" means the price as specified in the applicable Final Terms of an 
Underlying Reference at the relevant time. 
"QR Price" means: 
(i) 
in respect of calculating a Basket Price, the price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of an Underlying Reference at the relevant time or during the 
relevant period; 
(ii) 
in respect of calculating a Final Price, the price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of an Underlying Reference at the relevant time or during the 
relevant period; and 
(iii) 
in respect of calculating the Initial Price, the price as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms of the relevant Underlying Reference at relevant time or during the 
relevant period, 
provided that if Related Disposal Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
QR Price in respect of calculating the Final Price shall be, in respect of each Underlying 
Reference, the volume weight arithmetic mean at which the Issuer or such Affiliate as 
elected by the Issuer from time to time for the purpose of such transactions, transacts in 
such Underlying Reference with reference to the quantity and price of trades executed in 
relation to such Underlying Reference on any relevant exchange or otherwise (including 
any over-the-counter market) during the Related Disposal Period as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event that the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Issuer or such designated Affiliate is unable to transact in the 
relevant Underlying Reference during the Related Disposal Period for reasons outside of 
reasonable control of the Issuer or such Affiliate, including as a result of illiquidity, or a 
trading disruption, the QR Price in respect of calculating the Final Price in respect of such 
Underlying Reference shall be deemed to be zero.  
“Related Disposal Period” means as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions.  
“SPS ER Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS ER Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Call Payouts 
(i) 
If SPS Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Call Payout 
will be: NA * (Call Redemption Percentage + Call Exit Rate), 
(ii) 
If  Delta Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Call 
Payout will be: 
NA * (
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝑁𝐴
) 
(iii) 
If  Delta Performance Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Call Payout will be: 
NA * (
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒) 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Call Payout, Delta 
Call Payout or Delta Performance Call Payout will be subject to a cap of the Maximum 
SPS Call Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS Call Payout, in each case specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where “Call Underlying Reference Initial Price Value” means, in respect of the Delta 
Call Initial Valuation Date: 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index or Custom Index, the 
Closing Level; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the 
Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 149 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
149 
 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Relevant Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement 
Price; or 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate; 
in each case in respect of such day. 
Where “Call Underlying Reference Price Value” means, in respect of an Optional 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index or Custom Index, the 
Closing Level; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the 
Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Relevant Price; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement 
Price; or 
 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate; 
in each case in respect of such day. 
“Delta Call Initial Valuation Date” means the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If such day is a Disrupted Day or a Commodity Disrupted Day (as applicable), 
then the corresponding provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to “Valuation Date” were to “Delta 
Call Initial Valuation Date”. 
(iv) 
If Participation Call Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Call Payout will be: 
𝑁𝐴 𝑥 [1+ [𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛] ×
∑
(𝑃𝑖
𝑡−1
𝑃𝑖
0 −1) × 𝑊𝑖
3
𝑖=1
∑𝑊𝑖
3
𝑖
] 
Where:  
“Participation” means the percentage as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"𝑷𝒊
𝟎" means the Initial Fixing Level in respect of the relevant Underlying 
Reference. 
"𝑷𝒊
𝒕−𝟏"  means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, the Fixing Level 
of the relevant Underlying on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date in 
respect of such Optional Redemption Date. 
"𝑾𝒊”  means the Weighting in respect of each Underlying Reference. 
“i” means the order number of the Underlying Reference as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 150 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
150 
 
"∑[
]
𝟑
𝒊
" means the sum of, such that, for example, 

N
0
j
 
Xj is defined by 
X0+ X1+ ….+ XN. 
"r" means the percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fixing Level” means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value as of such date.  
“Initial Fixing Level” means the Fixing Level as of the Issue Date.  
“Weighting” means in respect of each Underlying Reference, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Definitions for SPS Call Payouts 
“Call Athena up Rate” means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min(Max(Call Floor Percentage, Call Gearing x (Call Value 
− Call Strike Percentage) 
+ Call Spread Percentage), Call Cap 
Percentage) 
+ Call Constant Percentage 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(Max(Call Floor Percentage, Call Gearing x (Call Value 
− Call Strike Percentage) + Call Spread Percentage) 
+ Call Constant Percentage 
“Call Calculation Period” means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Date (or if none the 
Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date; 
“Call CSN Rate” means a percentage calculated as the product of the Call Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction; 
“Call Exit Rate” means any of Call Rate, Call Athena up Rate or Call CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Call Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, 
the applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Call Rate 
is to be determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the Call Rate shall be calculated 
pursuant to Condition 5(l) in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes save that 
references therein to “AER” shall be deemed to be references to “Call”; 
“Call Redemption Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Call Reference Rate” means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Call Cap Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Call Constant Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Call Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Call Gearing” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
“Call Spread Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 151 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
151 
 
“Call Strike Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Call Value” means, in respect of an SPS Call Valuation Date or SPS Call Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS Call Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS Call Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.5 
SPS Entitlement Amounts 
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an “Entitlement Amount”) will apply to the Notes if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Payout Condition 1.4(c) below: 
(a) 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
NA × Redemption Payout / (Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × FX(i))  
where 
“Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)” is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
“FX(i)” is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day.. 
(b) 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
NA × Redemption Payout / (Best Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × FX(i)) 
where 
“Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value” is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Valueffl on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
“FX(i)” is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(c) 
Rounding and Residual Amount 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant 
Asset capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay an amount equal 
to: 
NA × Redemption Payout – 


K
1
K
 Number (k,i) * FX(k,i) * Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value(k,i) 
“Number (k,i)” is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying 
Reference(k) and SPS Valuation Date(i) 
“Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)” is the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the relevant 
Underlying Reference(k); and 
“FX(k,i)” is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day.

--- Page 152 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
152 
 
1.6 
Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates and FR Exit Rate 
(a) 
Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates 
“AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down” means the percentage, amount or 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up” means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“AC Digital Coupon Condition” means: 
(i) 
if “Barrier Up” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is (i) equal 
to or greater than the relevant AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down and 
(ii) less than or equal to the relevant AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up; 
or 
(ii) 
if “Barrier Up” is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is 
equal to or greater than AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down; 
“AC Digital Day” means a calendar day, Exchange Business Day, Scheduled 
Trading Day, Hybrid Business Day SPS Coupon Valuation Date or other day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Additional Coupon” means each Coupon Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Barrier Condition” means that Coupon Value for the relevant Underlying 
Reference for the relevant SPS Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) 
equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Barrier Level; 
“Barrier Level” means, amount or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Best Value Himalaya” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the highest 
Underlying Reference Value for any Underlying Reference in the Relevant Basket 
in respect of such SPS Valuation Date(i); 
“Constant Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Coupon Weighting” means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Coupon Value” means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“DC Barrier Value” means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Digital Coupon Condition” means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; 
“Driver Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Final Redemption Condition Level” means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Final Redemption Condition” means that the FR Barrier Value for the relevant 
SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition Level;

--- Page 153 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
153 
 
“FR Barrier Value” means, in respect of an SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS 
FR Barrier Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Himalaya Condition” means the Best Himalaya Value is greater than the Barrier 
Level; 
“nfixed” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Rate” means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon 
Valuation Period: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
 the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable  
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Basket” means, in respect of the a SPS Valuation Date, a Basket 
comprising each Underlying Reference in the Relevant Basket, but excluding the 
Underlying Reference in respect of the Best Value Himalaya on each previous SPS 
Valuation Date; 
“Snowball Barrier Value” means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or 
SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Snowball Date” means each date on which the relevant Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition is satisfied or the last day of any SPS Coupon Valuation Period in which 
the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; 
“Snowball Digital Coupon Condition” means that the Snowball Barrier Value for 
the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (a) 
greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Snowball Level; 
“Snowball Level” means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Spread” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS Coupon Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, 
Settlement Price Date and/or any other date as specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“SPS Coupon Valuation Period” means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Vanilla Call Rate” means: 
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) 
∗ Max (Coupon Value(i) − Strike Percentage(i) 
+ Spread(i) , Floor Percentage(i)) 
“Vanilla Call Spread Rate” means: 
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) 
∗ Min (Max (Coupon Value(i) − Strike Percentage(i) 
+ Spread(i), Floor Percentage(i)); Cap Percentage(i)) 
(b) 
Definitions for FR Exit Rate 
“FR Athena up Rate” means: 
(i) 
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min(Max(FR Floor Percentage, FR Gearing x (FR Value − FR Strike Percentage) 
+ FR Spread), Fr Cap Percentage) + FR Constant Percentage 
(ii) 
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Max(FR Floor Percentage, FR Gearing x (FR Value − Fr Strike Percentage)

--- Page 154 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
154 
 
+ FR Spread) + + FR Constant Percentage 
“FR Calculation Period” means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Final Valuation Date (or if none the Issue 
Date) to (but excluding) the Final Valuation Date; 
“FR CSN Rate” means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and 
the applicable FR Day Count Fraction; 
“FR Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“FR Exit Rate” means any of FR Rate, FR Athena up Rate or FR CSN Rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FR Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, 
the applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the FR Rate is 
to be determined by reference to a Screen Rate, the FR Rate shall be calculated 
pursuant to Condition 5(l), save that references therein to “AER” shall be deemed to 
be references to “FR”; 
“FR Redemption Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“FR Reference Rate” means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“FR Cap Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“FR Constant Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“FR Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“FR Gearing” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“FR Spread” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FR Strike Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“FR Value” means, in respect of an SPS FR Valuation Date or SPS FR Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS FR Valuation Date” means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS FR Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.7 
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for SPS Coupon, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Basic Value Definitions 
“FX Value” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, Underlying 
Reference FX Level for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level; 
“Underlying Reference Closing Price Value” means, in respect of an SPS 
Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index or Custom Index, the Closing 
Level;

--- Page 155 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
155 
 
(ii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian 
Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Closing Price; 
(iv) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, 
the Relevant Price; 
(v) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share; 
(vi) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement 
Price; or 
(vii) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate; 
in each case in respect of such day; 
“Underlying Reference FX Level” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a day, the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of 
exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined 
from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day; 
“Underlying Reference FX Strike Level” means in respect of an Underlying 
Reference: 
(i) 
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on the 
Strike Date; or 
(iii) 
if FX Maximum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the greatest Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference 
for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(iv) 
if FX Minimum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if FX Average Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference FX Levels for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; and 
“Underlying Reference Strike Price” means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference:  
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the Strike Date; or 
(iii) 
 if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(iv) 
 if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v) 
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Values for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(vi) 
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike 
Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or

--- Page 156 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
156 
 
(vii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the greatest 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price; or 
(viii) 
if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for 
all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike 
Price; or 
(ix) 
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic 
average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Values for such 
Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the 
Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
(b) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an SPS Valuation 
Date, (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect 
of such day minus (b) 100 per cent.; 
“Restrike Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an SPS 
Valuation Date (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the 
immediately preceding SPS Valuation Date (b) less 100 per cent.; 
“Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Price Value” means, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and an SPS Valuation Date, (a) the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the date (the “SPS EndDay 
Valuation Date”) falling nEnd days after such SPS Valuation Date; 
“Underlying Reference Restrike Value” means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and an SPS Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect 
of the immediately preceding SPS Valuation Date; 
“Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Price Value” means, in respect of an 
Underlying Reference and an SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the date (the “SPS StartDay 
Valuation Date”) falling nStart days prior to such SPS Valuation Date; and 
“Underlying Reference Value” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
an SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value. 
(c) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Basket Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Reference in the basket as (a) the Underlying 
Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation 
Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting; 
“Best Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the highest Underlying 
Reference Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date; 
“Rainbow Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date multiplied by (b) 
the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting for such Ranking;

--- Page 157 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
157 
 
“Ranked Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying 
Reference Value in respect of the Underlying Reference with the Ranking in respect 
of such SPS Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Ranking” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of 
each Underlying Reference by Underlying Reference Value from lowest Underlying 
Reference Value to greatest Underlying Reference Value in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date; 
“Worst Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying 
Reference Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date. 
1.8 
Greatest Period Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Greatest Underlying Reference Value” means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and an SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for 
such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Greatest Basket Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Basket Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
“Greatest Best Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Best Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
“Greatest Rainbow Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the 
highest for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant 
Rainbow Values; and 
“Greatest Worst Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Worst Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.9 
Lowest Period Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Lowest Underlying Reference Value” means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and an SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for 
such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period. 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Lowest Basket Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
Basket Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
“Lowest Best Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Best 
Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
“Lowest Rainbow Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow 
Values; and 
“Lowest Worst Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
Worst Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.10 
Average Values for SPS Coupon Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
(a) 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Average Underlying Reference Value” means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and an SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying 
Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in 
such SPS Valuation Period.

--- Page 158 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
158 
 
(b) 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions 
“Average Basket Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the 
arithmetic average of the Basket Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period; 
“Average Best Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the Best Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; 
“Average Rainbow Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the 
arithmetic average for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the 
relevant Rainbow Values; and 
“Average Worst Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Period, the 
arithmetic average of the Worst Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period. 
1.11 
Minimum/Maximum Values 
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of any SPS Coupon 
Rate, Payout and/or Entitlement Amount or related provision may be subject to a cap of the 
Maximum Value and/or a floor of the Minimum Value, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.12 
General Definitions for SPS Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
“Additional Final Payout” means each Final Payout specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Additional Final Payout Weighting” is the number, amount or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Additional Gearing” means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
“Barrier Percentage Strike Price” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Bonus Coupon” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Bonus Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Cap Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Constant Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Constant Percentage 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Constant Percentage 3” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Constant Percentage 4” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Coupon Airbag Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Coupon Airbag Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Coupon Airbag Percentage 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Down Cap Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Down Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Down Final Redemption Value” means the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Down Strike Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“EDS Barrier Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 159 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
159 
 
“Final Redemption Condition” means that the FR Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date or SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Condition Level; 
“Final Redemption Value” means the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FR Barrier Value” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, 
the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Gear Down” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Gear Up 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Gear Up 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Gearing” means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Gearing Down” means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Gearing Up” means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Global Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“f” means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period; 
“/” means the relevant Strike Date; 
“k” means the relevant Underlying Reference; 
“K” means the total number of Underlying References in the Basket; 
“Local Cap Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Local Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Loss Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“m” means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period;  
“M” means a series of SPS Valuation Dates or SPS Valuation Periods; 
“Min Coupon” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“NA” means, in respect of a W&C Security, the Notional Amount or, in respect of a Note, the 
Calculation Amount; 
“nEnd days” has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms;  
“nStart days” has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Payout Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Payout FX Value” means, in respect of a Payout Currency (a) the Payout FX Closing Price Value 
divided by (b) the Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value; 
“Payout FX Rate Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Payout FX Closing Price Value” means the rate of exchange between the currencies (including 
any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined 
from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such 
Payout Currency on the Payout FX Rate Date; 
“Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value” means (i) the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and 
determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Payout FX Rate Strike Date or (ii) the rate of exchange between the currencies specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Payout FX Rate Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“q” means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date;

--- Page 160 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
160 
 
“Q” is a series of SPS Valuation Dates in SPS Valuation Period(i) or Calculation Period(i); 
”Redemption Payout” means the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS Date Weighting” means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the number, amount or 
percentage specified as such for such date in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS Redemption Valuation Date” means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, 
Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“SPS Redemption Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“SPS Valuation Date” means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date, SPS Redemption Valuation 
Date, SPS ER Valuation Date, SPS FR Valuation Date, SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date, Knock- 
in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, SPS EndDay Valuation Date, SPS StartDay Valuation Date, SPS Call Valuation Date, SPS 
Put Valuation Date, SPS ACS Valuation Date, Strike Day, SPS APS Valuation Date or Strike Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to “Valuation Date” were to “SPS Valuation Date”; 
“SPS Valuation Period” means each SPS ER Valuation Period, SPS Coupon Valuation Period, 
SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period, SPS FR Valuation Period, SPS Redemption Valuation Period, 
SPS Call Valuation Period, SPS Put Valuation Period, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, Knock-in Determination Period, Knock- out 
Determination Period, SPS ACS Valuation Period, SPS APS Valuation Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Strike Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“T” means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date; 
“Total M” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Underlying Reference” means, for the purposes of the SPS Payouts, Coupon Rates and 
Entitlement Amounts, each Index, Share, ETI, Commodity, Commodity Index, Fund, Underlying 
Interest Rate or Future or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate; 
“Underlying Reference Weighting” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
amount or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
“Up Cap Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Up Final Redemption Value” means the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Up Floor Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Up Strike Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
2. 
FIXED INCOME COUPON RATES AND PAYOUTS 
2.1 
Fixed Income Coupon Rates 
The following Coupon Rate(s) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(a) 
FX Vanilla Coupon 
If FX Vanilla Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms  
Min (Global Cap A, Max (Global Floor A, Gearing A x FX Coupon Performance))  
(b) 
FI Digital Coupon 
If FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date:

--- Page 161 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
161 
 


or
;
)
A
t
tan
Cons
A
Rate
FI
A
Gearing
,
A
Floor
Global
Max
,
A
Cap
Global
Min
n
1
i
)i(
)i(















 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 

















)
B
t
tan
Cons
B
Rate
FI
B
Gearing
,
B
Floor
Global
Max
,
B
Cap
Global
Min
n
1
i
)i(
)i(
 
(c) 
FX Digital Coupon 
If FX Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Min (Global Cap A, Max (Global Floor A, Gearing A x FX Coupon 
Performance)) 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Min (Global Cap B, Max (Global Floor B, Gearing B x FX Coupon 
Performance))  
(d) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 

 
N
n x 
 
Rate
 
FI
Gearing
 
 
 Margin
Global
 
Floor,
 
Local
 
 Max
Cap,
 
Local
 
Min
Floor
Global
 
Max
,
Cap
Global
 
Min
n
1
i
(i)
(i)




























,
 
Where: 
“n” is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
“N” is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FI DC Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the 
Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to be 
the FI DC Barrier Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
(e) 
FX Range Ac crual Coupon 
If FX Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
Min (Global Cap, Max (Global Floor, FI Rate x n/N)) 
Where: 
“n” is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
“N” is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, for each Range Accrual 
Day in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the 
Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon 
Performance, as applicable, on the Range Cut-off Date. 
(f) 
FX Memory Coupon 
If FX Memory Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
FI Rate A - Paid FX Memory Coupons; or

--- Page 162 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
162 
 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
FI Rate B Where: 
“Current FX Memory Coupon Interest Period” means, in respect of a FI 
Interest Valuation Date, the Interest Period ending on or immediately prior 
to such FI Interest Valuation Date. 
“Paid FX Memory Coupons” means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation 
Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product 
of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case 
calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current FX Memory 
Coupon Interest Period. 
(g) 
Combination Floater Coupon 
If Combination Floater is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
















 
FI Rate
Gearing
in 
arg
 M
or, Global
Global Flo
, Max 
Global Cap
Min
n
1
i
(i)
(i)
 
(h) 
Power Reverse Dual Currency (“PRDC”) Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - 
Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance)-
Coupon Percentage 2));  
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC 
Performance) - Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(B) 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or 
(b) a Knock-out Event has occurred, 0 (zero);  
Where: 
“PRDC Performance” means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as 
numerator) and the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator). 
(i) 
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Floor Coupon 
Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or

--- Page 163 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
163 
 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect 
of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(j) 
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Cap Coupon 
Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; 
(C) 
in all other cases: Digital Cap Percentage 2.

--- Page 164 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
164 
 
(k) 
FI Target Coupon 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Target Coupon Notes 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Coupon Rate in respect 
of the Target Final Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2.2 
Definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates 
“Cap” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; “Constant A” 
means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; “Constant B” means the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Coupon Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
 “Coupon Percentage 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Basket 1” means the basket of Subject Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Term. 
 “FI Basket 2” means the basket of Subject Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“FI Lower Barrier Level” means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Lower Barrier Level 2” means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“FI DC Barrier Value” means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference;  
“FI Digital Coupon Condition” means: 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI 
DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date 
is or (B) if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX 
Coupon Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) 
greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower 
Barrier Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, 
(c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level; and 
(b) 
if FI Digital Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI 
DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date 
is or (B) if FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX 
Coupon Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) 
greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level 2 and (ii) if a FI 
Lower Barrier Level 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the FI Lower Barrier Level 2; 
“FI Interest Valuation Date” means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Determination Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Interest Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or each Range Accrual Day; 
“FI Rate” means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“FI Rate A” means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“FI Rate B” means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Upper Barrier Level” means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 165 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
165 
 
“FI Upper Barrier Level 2” means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Floor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“FX Coupon Performance” means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Subject Currency, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value; 
(b) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the FX 
Coupon Performance Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Interest 
Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(c) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term the 
highest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket 
in respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(d) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Term the 
lowest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket 
in respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(e) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
)
i
(
Value
 e
Performanc
 
Coupon
FX
* 
 
W
* 
 
Gj
n
1
i
m
1
j




 
Where: 
“G” means, in respect of a basket of Subject Currencies, the percentage specified a such for such 
basket of Subject Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
“W” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FX Weighting for such Subject Currency; or 
(f) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum the 
values calculated for each Subject/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (the FX 
Coupon Ranked Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Interest Valuation 
Date multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
“FX Coupon Performance Value” means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date and Subject 
Currency: 
 
(a) 
if FX Performance Coupon 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, FX Final Interest 
Settlement Price – FX Initial Interest Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if FX Performance Coupon 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, FX Initial 
Interest Settlement Price – FX Final Interest Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if FX Performance Coupon 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(FX Final Interest Settlement Price – FX Initial Interest Settlement Price) 
FX Final Interest Settlement Price 
(d) 
if FX Performance Coupon 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(FX Initial Interest Settlement Price – FX Final Interest Settlement Price) 
FX Final Interest Settlement Price 
(e) 
if FX Performance Coupon 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms 

















ice
Pr
Settlement
Interest
Final
FX
1
ice
Pr
Settlement
Interest
Initial
FX
1
 
 
(f) 
if FX Performance Coupon 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms 

















ice
Pr
Settlement
Interest
Initial
FX
1
ice
Pr
Settlement
Interest
Final
FX
1

--- Page 166 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
166 
 
(g) 
if FX Performance Coupon 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(FX Final Interest Settlement Price – FX Initial Interest Settlement Price) 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price 
(h) 
if FX Performance Coupon 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(FX Initial Interest Settlement Price - FX Final Interest Settlement Price) FX Initial Interest 
Settlement Price; 
(i) 
if FX Performance Coupon 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Final Interest Settlement Price 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price 
(j) 
if FX Performance Coupon 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price 
FX Final Interest Settlement Price 
“FX Coupon Ranked Value” means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the FX 
Coupon Performance Value in respect of the Subject/Base Currency with the FX Coupon 
Ranking in respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FX Coupon Ranking” means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the ordinal 
positioning of each Subject/Base Currency by FX Coupon Performance Value from lowest FX 
Coupon Performance Value to greatest FX Coupon Performance Value in respect of such FI 
Interest Valuation Date; 
“FX Final Interest Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Subject/Base Currency, (i) if 
Averaging is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on 
the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates 
in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base 
Currency for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date or (iv) 
if Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Settlement Price for such Subject/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date; 
“Gearing A” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Gearing B” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FX Initial Interest Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike 
Days in the Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period. 
“Global Cap” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Global Cap A” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Global Cap B” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Global Floor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Global Floor A” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 167 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
167 
 
“Global Floor B” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Global Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Local Cap” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Local Floor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing” means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Multiple Underlying Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
“Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down” means the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2” means the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up” means the number, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2” means the number, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range Accrual Coupon Condition” means: 
(a) 
 (A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the 
FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is 
or (B) if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX 
Coupon Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) 
greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier 
Level Down and (b) if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) 
less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up; or 
(b) 
if Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant Range Accrual Day 
is or (B) if FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX 
Coupon Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) 
greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier 
Level Down 2 and (b) if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2 is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (ii) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) 
less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range 
Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2; 
“Range Accrual Day” means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Underlying Interest 
Determination Day, Hybrid Business Day or calendar day, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Range Cut-off Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range Period End Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Rate” means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the 
floating rate calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Basket” means FI Basket 1 or FI Basket 2, as applicable; 
“Target Coupon Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 168 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
168 
 
“Target Determination Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Target Final Interest Period” means the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date; and 
“YoY Inflation Rate” means [Inflation Indexffl/Inflation Index(i-1)] - 1. 
2.3 
Fixed Income Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable NA (each a “Final Payout”) 
will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
FI FX Vanilla Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred,  
FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(B) 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or 
(b) a Knock-out Event has occurred,  
FI Constant Percentage 1. Where: 
“Option” means Max (Performance Value, Floor). 
(b) 
FI Digital Floor Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Floor Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor 
Percentage 1; or 
 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2; or

--- Page 169 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
169 
 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred,  
FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect 
of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(c) 
FI Digital Cap Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Cap Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or: 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(d) 
FI Digital Plus Notes 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Plus Notes: 
(i) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if, irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event has or has not 
occurred, the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:

--- Page 170 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
170 
 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital plus Percentage 1, 
(Gearing A x FI Digital Value)); or 
(B) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus 
Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition 
is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B x FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); 
(ii) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, 
(Gearing A x FI Digital Value)); or 
(B) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B x FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); 
(iii) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
(A)   irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event and/or Knock-out 
Event has occurred, if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Percentage (Gearing Plus 
FI Digital Value)); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not 
occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max 
((Gearing B x FI Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); or 
(C) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1. 
2.4 
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
“Coupon Cap” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Cumulative Inflation Rate” means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
“Final Interest Rate” means: 
(a) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable 
less Paid Coupon; 
(b) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction; 
(c) 
if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Final Coupon Rate x Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable - Paid Coupon); 
(d) 
if Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 171 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
171 
 
Max (Final Coupon Rate x Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption Percentage or 
Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable - Paid Coupon); 
2.5 
General definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
 “Current Interest Period” means the Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or in the case of the calculation of the FI Target Coupon, the Target 
Final Interest Period; 
“Digital Cap Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Digital Cap Percentage 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Digital Floor Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Digital Floor Percentage 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; “Digital Plus Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Digital Plus Percentage 2” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“FI Constant Percentage 1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“FI Digital Cap Condition” means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is 
greater than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
“FI Digital Cap Level” means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in 
each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Digital Floor Condition” means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date 
is less than or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
“FI Digital Floor Level” means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in 
each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Digital Plus Condition” means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is 
greater than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
“FI Digital Plus Level” means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in 
each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Digital Value” means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Redemption Valuation Date” means each Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“FI Valuation Date” means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or an FI Interest Valuation 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis 
as if references in such provisions to “Valuation Date” were to “FI Valuation Date”; 
“FX Weighting” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such Subject Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Final Coupon Rate” means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the Current Interest 
Period or Target Final Interest Period, as applicable (the “Final Interest Period”); 
 “Final Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest 
Period; 
“Final Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Subject/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant 
FI Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 172 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
172 
 
the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates, (iii) if Highest Look 
Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for 
such Subject/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base 
Currency for all Averaging Dates; 
“Floor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Gearing” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Gearing A” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Gearing B” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike 
Days in the Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; 
“Inflation Index(i)” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 
“Inflation Index(i-1)” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI 
Valuation Date (or, if none, the Strike Date); 
“Inflation Index(base)” means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
 
“Inflation Rate” means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative  
Inflation Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“NA” means, in respect of a W&C Security, the Notional Amount or, in respect of a Note, the 
Calculation Amount; 
“Paid Coupon” means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of 
(i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for each Interest 
Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of a Target Determination Date); 
“FX Performance Value” means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(Final Settlement Price − Initial Settlement Price) 
 Final Settlement Price 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 173 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
173 
 
(Initial Settlement Price − Final Settlement Price)  
Final Settlement Price 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 

















ice
Pr
Settlement
Final
1
ice
Pr
Settlement
Initial
1
 
 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 

















ice
Pr
Settlement
Initial
1
ice
Pr
Settlement
Final
1
 
 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(Final Settlement Price − Initial Settlement Price)  
Final Settlement Price 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(Initial Settlement Price − Final Settlement Price)  
Final Settlement Price 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Final Settlement Price 
Initial Settlement Price 
Final Settlement PriceInitial Settlement Price 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price 
Final Settlement Price 
“FX Ranking” means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Subject/Base Currency by FX Performance Value from lowest FX Performance Value to 
greatest FX Performance Value in respect of such FI Valuation Date;  
“Performance Value” means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Subject Currency, the FX Performance Value; 
(b) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Subject Currency in the Basket as (a) the FX Performance 
Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the 
relevant FX Weighting; 
(c) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest FX Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Valuation Date; 
(d) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest FX Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Valuation Date; 
(e) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
)
i
(
Value
 e
Performanc
 
FX
* 
 
W
* 
 
Gj
n
1
i
m
1
j




 
Where: 
“G” means, in respect of a basket of Subject Currencies, the percentage specified as such for such 
basket of Subject Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
“W” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FX Weighting for such Subject Currency; or 
 
(a) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
sum of the values calculated for each Subject/Base Currency in the Relevant

--- Page 174 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
174 
 
Basket as (a) the Ranked Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant FX Weighting; 
“Ranked Value” means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the FX Performance Value in 
respect of the Subject/Base Currency with the FX Ranking in respect of such FI Valuation Date 
set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Underlying Reference” means, for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts, each Inflation 
Index, Subject Currency, Underlying Interest Rate or other basis of reference to which the 
relevant Notes relate. If two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates, each Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified as such (together the “Multiple Underlying Interest Rate”) will be calculated 
separately and independently but, for the purposes of these Payout Conditions and the 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an 
Underlying Reference; 
“Underlying Reference 1” means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Underlying Reference 2” means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Underlying Reference Closing Value” means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate 
or if Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the value calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
or
;
Rate
 
Reference
 
Underlying
 
 Multiple
x
Gearing
 
Rate
 
Interest
 
Underlying
 
Multiple
(i)
n
1
i
)i(

 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price or FX 
Coupon Performance Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in respect of such day. 
3. 
FORMULAE CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a “Formula Constituent”) of any formula (each a “Formula”) used 
in the Payout Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be 
replaced in the applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, 
as applicable for such Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of 
the relevant Notes, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by 
deleting such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these 
Payout Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified, the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of 
affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any 
discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised pursuant to these Payout 
Conditions will be calculated, determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent. 
Any calculation, determination, formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to these Payout Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required 
to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
In performing its duties pursuant to these Payout Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the 
Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under 
the Notes shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of 
such obligation or discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall, in the absence 
of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, 
any such delay, deferral or forbearance.

--- Page 175 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
175 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the “Index Linked 
Conditions”), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions set out 
below shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means:- 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
   
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, 
of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component 
Security, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component 
Security, which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component 
Security; and 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a 
Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such 
Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to such Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect 
of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect 
of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of 
such Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) 
the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) 
the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market “opening data”; and 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) 
a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
begins or ends at the time when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-
in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in such Index at any time, 
then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of such Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable

--- Page 176 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
176 
 
to that security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before 
the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day 
that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been the Strike Date, an 
Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (the “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of that Index, then in each case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index. 
2.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Averaging Date, last Observation Date, last Valuation 
Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the relevant 
Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of 
changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an “Index 
Modification”), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an 
“Index Cancellation”), or (ii) on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a 
Valuation Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant 
Index (an “Index Disruption” and, together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then, 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time 
on that Strike Date, that Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those 
securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; 
or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders 
(with a copy to the Trustee) in accordance with Condition 16, the Issuer shall redeem 
all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Index Adjustment 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Notes; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Index Adjustment Event less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the “Calculated Index Adjustment Amount”) as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event (the “Calculated Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date”) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem 
each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date 
at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected

--- Page 177 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
177 
 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and if greater, at its nominal amount. 
2.3 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph 2.2 above and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any 
such determinations. 
3. 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of 
an Index, if the level of the Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor 
Index Sponsor, (i) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Exchange Business Days 
following the date of the original publication or, (ii) in respect of an Index which is not a 
Composite Index, within the number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original 
publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment 
under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
4.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (a), (b) or (if applicable) 
(c) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer 
will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which 
amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence of 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, (the “Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination 
Date”) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to Issuer's the

--- Page 178 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
178 
 
funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, at its nominal amount. 
4.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above 
provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event 
shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Valuation 
Date”. 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the level of the 
Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or 
Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Valuation Date”. 
5.5 
Definitions 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product

--- Page 179 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
179 
 
in respect of each Index of (x) the level of such Index as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A)(a) “greater than”, (b) “greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level; or (B) “within” the Knock-in Range Level, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-in Level” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Index Linked Condition 1 and Index Linked Condition 2. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
“Knock-in Range Level” means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Index Linked Condition 
2 (Adjustments to an Index). 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product 
in respect of each Index of (x) the level of such Index as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Level” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
of Index Linked Condition 1 and Index Linked Condition 2 above.

--- Page 180 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
180 
 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product 
of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, 
no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
Definitions 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the Index or each Index comprising the Basket in each case 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the Index or each Index comprising the Basket in each case 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder 
shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event

--- Page 181 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
181 
 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”); or 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER 
Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the 
values of each AER Event 1 Underlying comprising the Basket as the 
product of (x) the level of such AER Event 1 Underlying as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time 
on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less 
than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 
2 Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising 
the Basket as the product of (x) the level of such AER Event 2 Underlying 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater 
than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Adjustment to the Index” set forth in Index 
Linked Condition 2 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 1” means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Adjustment to the Index” set forth 
in Index Linked Condition 2 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 2” means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Adjustment to the Index” set forth 
in Index Linked Condition 2 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the 
definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
“Valuation Date” were to “Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date”. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 182 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
182 
 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
“control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the 
relevant value, level or price provided that, if through the operation of this provision 
no Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of “Valuation 
Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price, value or amount 
on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was 
a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on 
a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant amount, level, value 
or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the 
Averaging Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
“Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the Averaging Date for each Index 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index. If the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of 
such Index, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant

--- Page 183 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
183 
 
value, level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions “Valid Date” means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Basket of Indices” means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
maintaining the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant 
hedge position relating to an Index. 
“Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant securities. 
“Clearance System Days” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being 
unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions. 
“Closing Level” means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
level of such Index on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in 
Index Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index). 
“Component Security” means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of 
such Index. 
“Composite Index” means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (i) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during their regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
“Early Closure” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per

--- Page 184 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
184 
 
cent. or more of the level of such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, 
each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable 
Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Exchange Business Day (All 
Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
“Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and (ii) in respect of any Composite Indices, (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of 
such Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading during its 
regular trading session in respect of such Composite Indices, notwithstanding any such Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)” means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(b) 
in any other case, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange in respect of such Index are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is 
open for trading during their regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index, 
notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (A) any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) in futures 
or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and

--- Page 185 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
185 
 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer or issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to an Index. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of securities comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re- 
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a rate to borrow any security comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan 
Rate. 
“Index” and “Indices” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
“Index Correction Period” means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue 
Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the initial stock 
loan rate specified in relation to such security in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Intraday Level” means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
level of such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as 
provided in Index Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index). 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities comprised 
in an Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum 
Stock Loan Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If

--- Page 186 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
186 
 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to “Omission”, “Postponement” or 
“Modified Postponement”, as the case may be, contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to 
“Observation Date”. 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” means any of Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in “Valuation Time” below. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)” means (i) in respect of any Index which is not a 
Composite Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of 
each such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), and (ii) in respect of any Composite Index, any day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite 
Index. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)” means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session; and 
(b) 
in any other case, any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange 
in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)” means any day on which (i) in respect of an 
Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if 
any, are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and 
(ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the 
level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be 
open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 187 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
187 
 
"Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing 
or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant rate;  
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily 
occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
“Settlement Price” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject 
as referred to in “Strike Date”, “Averaging Date”, “Observation Date” or “Valuation Date”, as 
the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, an amount equal to 
the official closing level of the Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the 
official closing level of such Index as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each 
case as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of 
each Index comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount equal to the official closing 
level of such Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of 
such Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
at the Valuation Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant 
Weighting; 
“Settlement Price Date” means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date as 
the case may be. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such 
other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Strike Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price by determining the level 
of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the Strike Date for 
each Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each Index, affected (each an “Affected Item”) by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 188 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
188 
 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price using, in relation to the Affected Item, the 
level or value as applicable, using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to “Strike Day”. 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Trading Disruption” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 
20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Valuation Date” means the Interest Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price, 
value or amount by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the Valuation Date 
for each Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the

--- Page 189 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
189 
 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, affected (each an 
“Affected Item”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price, value or amount using, in relation to the 
Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined using the level of that Index 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(a) 
the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if not specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Index: (i) for 
the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and (b) in 
respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close 
of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(y) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, means the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Interest Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Interest 
Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual 
closing time. 
8. 
Custom Index 
Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14 apply if “Custom Index” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms for Exempt Notes only. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
provisions of Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14 and the other Index Linked Conditions, the 
provisions of Index Linked Conditions 9 to 14 shall prevail for the purposes of the Exempt 
Notes. 
9. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
9.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Custom Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the “Successor Custom Index Sponsor”) 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor custom index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Custom Index, then in each case that 
custom index (the “Successor Custom Index”) will be deemed to be the Custom Index. 
9.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last 
Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material

--- Page 190 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
190 
 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Custom Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent components and 
capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a “Custom Index 
Modification”), or permanently cancels a relevant Custom Index and no Successor Custom 
Index exists (a “Custom Index Cancellation”), or (ii) on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an 
Observation Date or an Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor 
Custom Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Custom Index or it is not a 
Custom Index Business Day (a “Custom Index Disruption Event” and, together with a Custom 
Index Modification and a Custom Index Cancellation, each a “Custom Index Adjustment 
Event”), then: 
(a) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a single Custom Index where 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (Single Custom Index Basis) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption 
Event which occurs or is occurring on the last Valuation Date, last 
Averaging Date or last Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom 
Index Disruption Event is not occurring, unless there is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event on each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may 
be, notwithstanding the Custom Index Disruption Event and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level, value or price by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the Custom Index 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method of 
calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the components of the Custom Index; 
(ii) 
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at 
any time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs 
or is occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last 
Averaging Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation 
Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so: 
(A) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike 
Date, an Averaging Date or Observation Date, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Strike Date, relevant Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of 
the Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date 
or Observation Date, as the case may be) unless there is a 
Custom Index Disruption Event on each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, 
as the case may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the 
case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, of whether that 
last consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already

--- Page 191 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
191 
 
an Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) and 
may determine the relevant level, value or price by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level of the 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance 
with the formulae for and method of calculating the Custom 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom Index 
Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the value 
for the components of the Custom Index; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts 
to select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as 
the original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and such 
index shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall be 
deemed to be the “Custom Index” for the purpose of the Notes 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
one or more of the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate; or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion such other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made 
to the terms of the Notes to account for the Custom Index 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or 
(D) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes in which case it will so notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each redeemed 
Note being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value 
of each Note, taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16; or 
(E) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
fair market value of each Note taking into account the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the “Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Custom Index Adjustment Event (the “Calculated Custom 
Index Adjustment Event Amount Determination Date”) and 
on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated 
Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(F) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs on 
the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation 
Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level 
of the Custom Index, using in lieu of the published level for the 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, the level of the Custom

--- Page 192 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
192 
 
Index as of that date determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom Index 
Modification but using only those components that comprised the 
Custom Index prior to the Custom Index Modification; 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices where 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (All Custom Indices Basis) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption 
Event which occurs or is occurring in respect of any Custom Index (each an 
“Affected Custom Index”) on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date 
or last Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, for all Custom Indices in the Basket of 
Custom Indices shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in 
respect of any of the Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices, unless 
there is a Custom Index Disruption Event in respect of any one of the 
Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices on each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, 
in which case the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, for all Custom Indices in the Basket 
of Custom Indices, notwithstanding the Custom Index Disruption Event in 
respect of an Affected Custom Index and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level, value or price by using (X) in respect of any 
Custom Index which is not an Affected Custom Index, the method provided 
for in these Index Linked Conditions and (Y) in respect of any Custom Index 
in the Basket of Custom Indices which is an Affected Custom Index, 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the relevant 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for 
and method of calculating the relevant Custom Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good 
faith estimate of the value for the components of the Custom Index; 
(ii) 
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at 
any time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs 
or is occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last 
Averaging Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so: 
(A) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike 
Date, an Averaging Date or Observation Date, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Strike Date, relevant Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for all Custom 
Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of 
the Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date 
or Observation Date, as the case may be) on which a Custom 
Index Disruption Event is not occurring in respect of any Custom 
Index (each an “Affected Custom Index”) comprised in the 
Basket of Custom Indices unless there is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event on each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as

--- Page 193 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
193 
 
the case may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in 
the case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, of whether 
that last consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is 
already an Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may 
be) for all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices and 
may determine the relevant level, value or price by using (X) in 
respect of any Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices 
which is not an Affected Custom Index, the method provided 
for in these Index Linked Conditions and (Y) in respect of any 
Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which is an 
Affected Custom Index, commercially reasonable efforts to 
determine a level of the relevant Custom Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and 
method of calculating the relevant Custom Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event 
and using its good faith estimate of the value for the components 
of the Custom Index; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts 
to select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as 
the original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and such 
index shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall be 
deemed to be a “Custom Index” for the purpose of the Notes 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
one or more of the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate; or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion such other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made 
to the terms of the Notes to account for the Custom Index 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or 
(D) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes in which case it will so notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition16. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay 
an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each redeemed Note 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of 
each Note, taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16; or 
(E) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
fair market value of each Note taking into account the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the “Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Custom Index Adjustment Event (the “Calculated Custom 
Index Adjustment Event Amount Determination Date”) and

--- Page 194 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
194 
 
on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated 
Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(F) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs in 
respect of a Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which 
occurs on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last 
Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to 
calculate the level of such Custom Index, using in lieu of the 
published level for the Custom Index as of the Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, the 
level of the Custom Index as of that date determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the 
Custom Index Modification but using only those components that 
comprised the Custom Index prior to the Custom Index 
Modification; 
(c) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices where 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (Per Custom Index Basis) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption 
Event which occurs or is occurring on the last Valuation Date, last 
Averaging Date or last Observation Date, then the Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each Custom 
Index not affected by the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event 
shall be the scheduled last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last 
Observation Date, as the case may be, and the Valuation Date, Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each Custom Index in 
the Basket of Custom Indices affected by the Custom Index Disruption 
Event (each an “Affected Custom Index”) shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index 
Disruption Event is not occurring in respect of such Affected Custom 
Index, unless there is a Custom Index Disruption Event on each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, in which case the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, for the relevant Affected Custom 
Index and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, value or 
price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the 
relevant Affected Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the 
formulae for and method of calculating the relevant Affected Custom Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event 
and using its good faith estimate of the value for the components of the 
Affected Custom Index; 
(ii) 
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at 
any time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs 
or is occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last 
Averaging Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation 
Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Notes and, if so: 
(A) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike 
Date, an Averaging Date or Observation Date, the Calculation

--- Page 195 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
195 
 
Agent may determine that the Strike Date, relevant Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each Custom 
Index in the Basket of Custom Indices not affected by the 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event shall be the 
scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the 
case may be, and the Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for each Custom Index in the 
Basket of Custom Indices affected by the Custom Index 
Disruption Event (each an “Affected Custom Index”) shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in 
the case of the Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) on 
which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in 
respect of such Affected Custom Index unless there is a Custom 
Index Disruption Event on each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the 
case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, of whether that 
last consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already 
an Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) for 
the relevant Affected Custom index and may determine the 
relevant level, value or price by using commercially reasonable 
efforts to determine a level of the relevant Affected Custom Index 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for 
and method of calculating the relevant Affected Custom Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption 
Event and using its good faith estimate of the value for the 
components of the Custom Index; or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts 
to select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as 
the original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders and such 
index shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall be 
deemed to be a “Custom Index” for the purpose of the Notes 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
one or more of the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate; or 
(C) 
the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole and absolute 
discretion such other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made 
to the terms of the Notes to account for the Custom Index 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or 
(D) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes in which case it will so notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an 
amount to each Noteholder in respect of each redeemed Note 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of a 
Note, taking into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the

--- Page 196 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
196 
 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Notes; or 
(E) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Custom Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
fair market value of each Note taking into account the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the “Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence 
of the Custom Index Adjustment Event (the “Calculated Custom 
Index Adjustment Event Amount Determination Date”) and 
on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated 
Custom Index Adjustment Event Amount plus interest accrued 
from and including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time; or 
(F) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs in 
respect of a Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices on 
the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation 
Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the 
level of such Custom Index, using in lieu of the published level 
for the Custom Index as of the Valuation Date, Averaging Date 
or Observation Date, as the case may be, the level of the Custom 
Index as of that date determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom Index 
Modification but using only those components that comprised the 
Custom Index prior to the Custom Index Modification; 
(iii) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent 
of any determination made by it pursuant to Index Linked Condition 9.2 and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such Agent shall make 
available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
10. 
Correction of Custom Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference 
to the level of a Custom Index, if the level of the Custom Index published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes, is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Index Sponsor within the 
number of days equal to the Custom Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level 
to be used shall be the level of the Custom Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the 
day which is three Scheduled Custom Index Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Notes calculated by reference to the level of the Custom Index will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
11. 
Consequences of Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
11.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (a), (b), (c) 
or (if applicable) (d): 
(a) 
determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to 
be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption

--- Page 197 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
197 
 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor 
index with a substantially similar strategy as the original Custom Index within twenty 
(20) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (or such other number of Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the relevant 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, and, upon selection of such index, the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, and such index shall become the Successor Index and deemed to be a 
“Custom Index” for the purposes of the Notes and the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any to one or more of the terms of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate. Such substitution and 
the relevant adjustment to the terms of the Notes will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution Date”) in its absolute 
discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not be the 
date on which the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(c) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, require the Issuer to redeem the Notes 
in which case it shall so notify the Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay 
an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount shall 
be the fair market value of each Note taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16; or 
(d) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence of 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, (the “Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination 
Date”) and on the Maturity Date shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date 
at the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (y) if Principal Protected 
Termination Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
if greater, at its nominal amount. 
11.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines to take any action in respect thereof it shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as 
the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
12. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
12.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
12.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event 
shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out Event.

--- Page 198 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
198 
 
12.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day a Custom Index Disruption Event is occurring, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Custom Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of 
“Valuation Date”. 
12.4 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event: 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day), or, if not so specified, each Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period; 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Custom Index, that the level of the Custom Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on 
any Knock-in Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Custom Indices, that the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Custom Index 
as the product in respect of each Custom Index of (x) the level of such 
Custom Index as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-in Level” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption); 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next following 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding

--- Page 199 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
199 
 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day), or each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day during 
the Knock-out Determination Period; 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Custom Index, that the level of the Custom Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time 
on any Knock-out Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Custom Indices, that the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Custom Index 
as the product in respect of each Custom Index of (x) the level of each such 
Custom Index as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, in each case (A) 
“greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) “less 
than or equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-
out Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-out Level” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index 
Disruption); 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day; 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next 
following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day;  
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event. 
13. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
13.1 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period.

--- Page 200 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
200 
 
13.2 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption: 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the Custom Index or each Custom Index comprising the 
Basket in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the Custom Index or each Custom Index comprising the 
Basket in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out an 
amount equal to the product of (i) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount 
shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 
1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER 
Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the 
values of each AER Event 1 Underlying comprising the Basket as the 
product of (x) the level of such AER Event 1 Underlying as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time 
on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less 
than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the relevant AER Event 
2 Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising 
the Basket as the product of (x) the level of such AER Event 2 Underlying

--- Page 201 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
201 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater 
than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom 
Index Disruption). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 1” means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom 
Index and Custom Index Disruption). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 2” means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom 
Index and Custom Index Disruption). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) as specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the 
next following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, there is a Custom Index Disruption Event occurring on such day, in which case, the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to “Valuation Date” were to “Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date”. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. 
Definitions relating to Custom Indices 
“Additional Disruption Event” means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption; 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
“control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; 
“Averaging Date” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Custom Index Linked Condition 9.2 (Modification 
and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) shall apply; 
“Banking Day” means any week day except for 25 December and 1 January in any year; “Basket 
of Custom Indices” means a basket comprised of two or more Custom Indices; 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or 
capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority) or the

--- Page 202 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
202 
 
combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant hedge positions relating to a Custom Index; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Custom Index. 
“Closing Level” means, in respect of a Custom Index and a Custom Index Business Day, the 
level of such Custom Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of such day as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 9 (Adjustments to a 
Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
“Custom Index” or “Custom Indices” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption), the custom indices 
or custom index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly; 
“Custom Index Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, Custom 
Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Custom 
Indices, Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or Custom Index Business Day 
(Per Custom Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Custom Index Business Day (All 
Custom Indices Basis) shall apply; 
“Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)” means any Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day in respect of which (i) the level of the Custom Index is calculated and made 
available and (ii) it is a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all Custom Indices in the Basket 
of Custom Indices; 
“Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)” means, in respect of a Custom Index, 
any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in respect of which (i) the level of the Custom Index 
is calculated and made available and (ii) it is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
“Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)” means any Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day on which (i) the level of the Custom Index is calculated and made available 
and (ii) it is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
“Custom Index Correction Period” means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
if none is so specified, ten (10) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days following the date on 
which the original level was calculated and made available by the Index Sponsor and being the 
date after which all corrections to the level of the Custom Index shall be disregarded for the 
purposes of any calculations to be made using the level of the Custom Index; 
“Custom Index Trading Day” means, in respect of a Custom Index, any day with respect to 
which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute discretion it is 
able to hedge its obligations in respect of such Custom Index under the Notes; 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index 
Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing in the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Force Majeure Event” means that on or after the Trade Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes is prevented or materially hindered or delayed due to (a) any act, law, 
rule, regulation, judgement, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or 
administrative interference of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) the occurrence of 
civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, 
riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other 
causes or impediments beyond the Issuer's or the Issuer's control, or (c) any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by any Government 
Authority that deprives the Issuer or the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of all or substantially 
all of its assets in the relevant jurisdiction; 
“Government Authority” means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or

--- Page 203 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
203 
 
other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government; 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) 
freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s) or futures or option contract(s) any relevant hedge positions relating to a Custom Index; 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of securities/commodities/components comprised in a 
Custom Index that the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the Issuer to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes; 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) relating to any hedge positions 
in the relevant Custom Index in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging; 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a rate to borrow any security/com modity/comp onent comprised in a Custom Index that is greater 
than the Initial Stock Loan Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to a Custom Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Custom Index and (b) ensures the calculation and publication 
of the level of such Custom Index on a regular basis (directly or through an agent) in accordance 
with the rules of the Custom Index, which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor 
specified for such Custom Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a security/commodity comprised in a Custom 
Index, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such security/commodity in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Intraday Level” means, in respect of a Custom Index and any time on a Custom Index Business 
Day, the level of such Custom Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of such time or 
such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 
9 (Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or 
maintain a 
borrowing of) any 
securities/commodities/component comprised in a Custom Index in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a security/commodity comprised in a 
Custom Index, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Date” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Custom Index Linked Condition 9.2 (Modification 
and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) below shall 
apply; 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 204 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
204 
 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” means any of Force Majeure Event, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Scheduled Custom Index Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a 
Basket of Custom Indices, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) shall apply; 
“Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)” means any Banking Day 
(i) in respect of which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made 
available and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all Custom Indices in the 
Basket of Custom Indices; 
“Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)” means in respect of a 
Custom Index, any Banking Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be 
calculated and made available and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
“Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)” means any Banking 
Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made available 
and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
“Settlement Price” means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to 
each Cash Settled Note, subject to the provisions of this Annex and as referred to in “Valuation 
Date” or “Averaging Date” or “Observation Date” contained herein, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices and 
in respect of each Custom Index comprising the Basket of Custom Indices, an amount 
(which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the level 
for each such Custom Index as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each such Custom Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the “Strike Date”, 
“Knock-in Determination Day”, “Knock-out Determination Day”, “Observation 
Date” or the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a single Custom Index, an amount 
equal to the level of the Custom Index as published by the Index Sponsor as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of 
the Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, any of the “Strike Date”, “Knock-in Determination Day”, “Knock-out 
Determination Day”, “Observation Date” or the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 20 Scheduled Custom Index Business Days; 
“Strike Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Custom Index Linked Condition 9.2 (Modification 
and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) above shall 
apply; 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to “Strike Day”; 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Strike Price” means unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject as 
referred to in “Strike Date” above:

--- Page 205 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
205 
 
(a) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a single Custom Index, an amount 
equal to the level of the Custom Index as published by the Index Sponsor as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of 
the Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Custom Indices and 
in respect of each Custom Index comprising the Basket of Custom Indices, an 
amount equal to the level of each such Custom Index published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the level of such Custom Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date multiplied by the relevant Weighting. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which another Averaging Date or another Observation Date does not occur; 
“Valuation Date” means each Interest Valuation Date and/or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Index Linked Condition 9.2 
(Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) 
shall apply; 
“Valuation Time” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time by 
reference to which the Index Sponsor determines the level of the Custom Index in its sole and 
absolute discretion.

--- Page 206 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
206 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Share Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the “Share Linked 
Conditions”), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Share Linked Conditions, the Share Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Share or a Basket of 
Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, 
an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or a 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Potential Adjustment Events 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in 
a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (a) 
such Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, 
as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Shares or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in 
other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect 
of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event 
that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
“Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, 
the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company

--- Page 207 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
207 
 
or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the 
terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided 
that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options 
exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, stating the 
adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the 
Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
2.2 
Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, 
Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), or, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing 
Change or Listing Suspension, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be an 
Extraordinary Event, the consequences of which are set forth in Share Linked 
Condition 2.2(b) below: 
“De-Listing” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event 
or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where 
the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, 
the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, 
in a member state of the European Union). 
“Illiquidity” means, in respect of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, 
that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days falling after the Issue Date (the “Relevant 
Period”), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in respect of a 
Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (on average), and/or (b) the 
average purchase price or the average selling price, determined by the Calculation 
Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the 
Relevant Period, in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or 
greater than EUR 10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a 
purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of 
Shares). For these purposes, 
“MID” means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each 
case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two. 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares 
of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares 
of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally 
prohibited from transferring them.

--- Page 208 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
208 
 
“Listing Change” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease 
(or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the 
relevant market of the Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Issue Date, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer). 
“Listing Suspension” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such 
Shares on the Exchange has been suspended. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or 
change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares 
(other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket 
Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may 
be, with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the 
case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately 
following such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date 
is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date 
or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging 
Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated 
or are otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the “Percentage Range”) 
of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self- regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in (A), (B), (C), (D) (if applicable), (E) or, in 
the case of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares only, (F) below: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account 
for the relevant Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference 
to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by 
any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options

--- Page 209 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
209 
 
exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (F) below; 
(B) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem 
the Notes in part by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes. If the Notes are 
so redeemed in part the portion (the “Redeemed Amount”) of each Note 
representing the affected Share(s) shall be redeemed and the Issuer will: 
I. 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an 
amount equal to the fair market value of the Redeemed Amount, 
taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
II. 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and 
absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made 
to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for 
such redemption in part. For the avoidance of doubt the 
remaining part of each Note after such cancellation and 
adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16; 
(C) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16; 
(D) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note taking into account 
the relevant Extraordinary Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
“Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount”) as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the 
“Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date”) and 
on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Extraordinary Event 
Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at such time or (y) 
if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, its nominal amount; 
(E) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the 
Shares traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in 
its sole discretion shall select (the “Options Exchange”), require the 
Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes 
are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, 
which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the

--- Page 210 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
210 
 
Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment 
made by the Options Exchange. If options on the Shares are not traded on 
the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such 
options were so traded; or 
(F) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below (each, a 
“Substitute Share”) for each Share (each, an “Affected Share”) of each 
Basket Company (each, an “Affected Basket Company”) which is affected 
by such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be 
a “Share” and the relevant issuer of such shares, a “Share Company” or a 
“Basket Company” for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided 
that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be 
determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Share, the Initial 
Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
“A” is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the 
relevant Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
“B” is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
“C” is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
“Substitution Date”) in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the 
notice referred below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary 
Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal 
to the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy 
the following criteria, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation 
Agent: 
I. 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer and the relevant share is not already included in the 
Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall be an ordinary share of 
the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) 
involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer, 
that is, or that as of the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective 
Date is promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or 
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of

--- Page 211 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
211 
 
the European Union) and (ii) not subject to any currency 
exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; 
or 
II. 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer and a share would otherwise satisfy the criteria 
set out in paragraph I above, but such share is already included in 
the Basket of Shares, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event 
other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(a) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same 
economic sector as the Affected Basket Company; and 
(b) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable 
market capitalisation, international standing and 
exposure as the Affected Basket Company in respect 
of the Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes, stating the occurrence 
of the Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto, including, in the case of a Share Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and 
the Substitution Date. 
3. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of 
a Share, if the price of relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share 
Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the 
relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the 
price of a Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the 
relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional Disruption Events 
4.1 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (a), (b) or if applicable 
(c) or, in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares only, (d) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment; or 
(b) 
unless Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer 
will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which 
amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16; or 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable

--- Page 212 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
212 
 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount”) as soon as practicable following the occurrence of 
the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the 
case may be, (the “Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination 
Date”) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus 
interest accrued from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's 
funding cost at such time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater its nominal amount; or 
(d) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria 
for Share selection set out below (each a “Substitute Share”) for each Share (each an 
“Affected Share”) which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, and the Substitute 
Share will be deemed to be a “Share” and the relevant issuer of such shares a “Basket 
Company” for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided 
that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by 
reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute 
Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) where: 
“A” is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
“B” is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
“C” is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution 
Date”) in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to 
the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as 
the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share. 
4.2 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above 
provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer therefore as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption

--- Page 213 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
213 
 
Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
5.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to 
be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to 
be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out 
Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the price of the Share triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of the Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Valuation 
Date”. 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the price of the 
Share triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision no Knock- 
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or 
Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the price of the Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Valuation Date”. 
Definitions 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Share that the price of the Share determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Shares, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Share of each 
Basket Company as the product of (x) the price of such Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time 
on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the 
Weighting is,

--- Page 214 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
214 
 
in each case (a)(i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level or (b) “within” the Knock-in Range Price, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on the Knock-in 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-in Level” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked Condition 2 above and as set forth in this 
Condition 5. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
“Knock-in Range Price” means the range of prices specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked Condition 2. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Share, that the price of the Share determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a basket of Shares, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Share as the 
product of (x) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any 
Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” 
or (D) “less than or equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Level” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Share Linked Condition 1 and Share Linked Condition 2 above and this Condition 5. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 215 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
215 
 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product 
of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, 
no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
Definitions 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the Share or each Share comprising the Basket in each case 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the Share or each Share comprising the Basket in each case 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder 
shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of any such delay. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 216 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
216 
 
Price 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the price of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 1 Underlying comprising 
the Basket as the product of (x) the price of such AER Event 1 Underlying 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant AER 
1 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) 
“greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less 
than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 1”); 
and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price of the relevant AER Event 
2 Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant AER 
2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (x) the price of such 
AER Event 2 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on 
the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less 
than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 
2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Share Linked 
Condition 2 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price 1” means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Share 
Linked Condition 2 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price 2” means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Share 
Linked Condition 2 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 
Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the 
definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
“Valuation Date” were to “Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date”. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 217 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
217 
 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
“control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the 
relevant price, level, value or amount provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, value, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a 
day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Share Linked Notes relating to a single share, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant amount, value, level 
or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the 
Averaging Date for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
“Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the Averaging Date for each Share 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Share. If the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such Share has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that such Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in 
respect of such Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the

--- Page 218 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
218 
 
relevant value level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Valid Date” means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur. 
“Basket Company” means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
“Basket Companies” means all such companies. 
“Basket of Shares” means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant hedge position relating to a Share; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Share. 
“Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant Share. 
“Clearance System Days” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Closing Price” means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
price of such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in 
Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events) (as amended 
where “GDR/ADR” is specified as applicable). 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or 
any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange” means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Exchange Business Day (All 
Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply.

--- Page 219 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
219 
 
“Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)” means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for 
trading in respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)” means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is 
open for trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or 
relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Extraordinary Event Effective Date” means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
“Failure to Deliver” means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates to deliver, 
when due, the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to 
illiquidity in the market for such Shares. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to a Share. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Shares that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re- 
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided

--- Page 220 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
220 
 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Intraday Price” means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided in Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and 
Extraordinary Events) (as amended where “GDR/ADR” is specified as applicable). 
“Italian Securities Reference Price” means the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means, in relation 
to a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the price for such Share published by the Italian Stock 
Exchange at the close of trading for such day and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the 
Rules of the Market organised and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange, as such Rules may be 
amended by the Borsa Italiana S.p.a from time to time. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to “Omission”, “Postponement” or 
“Modified Postponement”, as the case may be, contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to 
“Observation Date”. 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” means any of Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased 
Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each 
case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share. 
“Relative Performance Basket” means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company 
specified in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share which is either (i) the 
best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) any other performance measure that is applied 
to the Shares, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in “Valuation Time” below. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the

--- Page 221 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
221 
 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)” means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)” means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to 
be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)” means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information s ervice 
or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing 
or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the relevant rate.  
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange. 
“Settlement Price” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject 
as referred to in Strike Date”, “Averaging Date”, “Observation Date” or “Valuation Date”, as the 
case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, an amount equal to 
the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (A) if Averaging is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) 
if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date or if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a 
Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing 
fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Share based, at the Calculation 
Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent shall decide, such amount to be converted, if an alternative 
Settlement Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, into such Settlement 
Currency and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by 
or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of 
each Share comprising the Basket of Shares, an amount equal to the official closing 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share) on (A) if Averaging is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the opinion of the

--- Page 222 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
222 
 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean 
of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling 
price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) for the such Share whose official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined 
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the relevant 
Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide, multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting, such value to be converted, if an alternative Settlement Currency 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, into such Settlement Currency, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Settlement Price Date” means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as 
the case may be. 
“Shares” and “Share” mean in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, each 
share and, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Share Company” means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the 
company that has issued such Share. 
“Share Correction Period” means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such 
other number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Stop-Loss Event” means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such 
percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is 
stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in 
the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Strike Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price in accordance with its good faith 
estimate of the relevant price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Strike Date for 
each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each Share affected (each an “Affected Item”) by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of

--- Page 223 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
223 
 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price 
determined using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to “Strike Day”. 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Trading Disruption” means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating 
to the Share or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
“Valuation Date” means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or 
value in accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value or price as of the 
Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date 
for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Share affected (each 
an “Affected Item”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or value using, in relation 
to the Affected Item, a price determined using its good faith estimate of the value for 
the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
“Valuation Time” means Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided that if the relevant Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation time or the Valuation Time, as the 
case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
8. 
GDR/ADR 
Share Linked Conditions 9 to 13 (inclusive) apply where “GDR/ADR” is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 224 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
224 
 
9. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR 
“ADR” means an American Depositary Receipt; 
“Conversion Event” means any event which in the sole and absolute determination of the 
Calculation Agent results (or will result) in the GDRs and/or ADRs being converted into 
Underlying Shares or any other listed Notes of the issuer of the Underlying Shares; 
“GDR” means a Global Depositary Receipt; and 
“Underlying Shares” means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be. 
10. 
General 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the Conditions and the 
Share Linked Conditions to the “Shares” shall be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as 
applicable and/or the Underlying Shares, references to the “Share Company” or “Basket 
Company”, as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or ADRs, as the case 
may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares and references to the “Exchange” shall be 
deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may 
be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, 
and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider 
necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial 
to the Noteholders. 
11. 
Share Event or Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the 
action described in paragraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), (E) or (F) set out in Share Linked 
Condition 2.1(a)(ii). The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, stating the occurrence 
of the Share Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
“Share Event” means each of the following events: 
(a) 
written instructions have been given by the issuer to the depositary of the Underlying 
Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; 
(b) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in paragraphs 
(a), (b), (c) or (d) set out in Share Linked Condition 4.1. The Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
“Additional Disruption Event” is defined in Share Linked Condition 7. 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” is defined in Share Linked Condition 7. 
If an event constitutes both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent shall have absolute discretion to determine 
which of these events such event constitutes. 
12. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Potential Adjustment Event in Share Linked Condition 2.1: 
and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or 
rights relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares. 
13. 
Extraordinary Events 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked 
Condition 2(a) (Extraordinary Events) after the words “as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms)”: 
“Conversion Event”

--- Page 225 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
225 
 
14. 
Pegasus Notes 
14.1 
Where the relevant Notes are specified as “Pegasus Notes” in the applicable Final Terms  or 
Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), the Share Linked Conditions shall apply to such Notes (in 
conjunction with the Credit Linked Conditions), save for as amended as follows: 
(a) 
the definition of “Strike Date” in Share Linked Condition 7 (Definitions) shall be 
amended by deleting references to “Scheduled Trading Day” therein and substituting 
“Exchange Business Day” therefor; and 
(b) 
the definition of “Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” in Share Linked Condition 
7 (Definitions) shall be deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefor: 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means two (2) Exchange Business Days or 
such other number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 226 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
226 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Commodity Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the “Commodity 
Linked Conditions”), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity Index 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, 
Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Limit Price Event; 
and in addition 
(b) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, Silver, 
Platinum or Palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content 
and/or Tax Disruption; and in addition 
(c) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer and the relevant Agent of if 
it has determined that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by holders copies of 
any such determinations. 
2. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks 
Upon a Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price 
Source), the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, take the action described 
in (a), (b) or (c) below which it deems appropriate. 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Notes 
and, if so shall calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Redemption Amount 
and/or make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price for that 
Commodity or Commodity Index, as the case may be, the price for that Commodity 
or Commodity Index as determined by the Calculation Agent using the Commodity 
Fallback Value; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity, Commodity Reference 
Price or Index Component with a Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index 
Component, as the case may be, selected by it in accordance with the criteria set 
out below (each, a “Substitute Commodity”, “Substitute Commodity Reference 
Price” or a “Substitute Index Component”), as the case may be, for each Commodity, 
Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be (each, an 
“Affected Commodity”, “Affected Commodity Reference Price” or “Affected 
Index Component”, as the case may be) which is affected by the Market Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price, or 
Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be deemed to be a “Commodity”, 
the “Commodity Reference Price” or an “Index Component”, as the case may be, for 
the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, 
to any one or more of the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount 
payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to the initial price of the 
Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price or the Index Component, as the case 
may be, the initial price of each Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity 
Reference Price or Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity shall be 
valued on the basis of a futures contract on similar terms to, with a delivery date 
corresponding with and relating to the same Commodity as the Affected Commodity.

--- Page 227 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
227 
 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity Reference Price, the Substitute 
Commodity Reference Price shall be a benchmark, price or quotation selected by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
and which in its determination is or will be used by market participants as a substitute 
for the Affected Commodity Reference Price. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Index Component, the Substitute Index 
Component shall be an alternative futures contract or commodity index relating to a 
futures contract on similar terms to the Affected Index Component. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) will be deemed to be effective as of 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution Date”) in its sole and 
absolute discretion which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Market 
Disruption Event. Such substitution will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable after the Substitution Date in accordance with Condition 16; or 
(c) 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to 
the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
The relevant Final Terms may specify Additional Disruption Fallback(s) that will apply. 
3. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then in each case that commodity 
index (the “Successor Commodity Index”) will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the Final Interest Pricing 
Date or the Final Pricing Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Commodity Index or in 
any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed 
in that formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent 
contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a “Commodity Index Modification”), or 
permanently cancels a relevant Commodity Index and no Successor Commodity Index exists (a 
“Commodity Index Cancellation”), or (b) on any Averaging Date, Observation Date, Interest 
Pricing Date or other Pricing Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Commodity Index (a “Commodity Index 
Disruption” and, together with a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index 
Cancellation, each a “Commodity Index Adjustment Event”), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant price, level or value 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback 
Value; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16. If the Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Holder in respect of each Note being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair 
market value of a Note, taking into account the Commodity Index Adjustment Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
4. 
Correction of Commodity Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to a

--- Page 228 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
228 
 
Commodity Reference Price, if the Commodity Reference Price published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other 
person responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference Price 
within 30 calendar days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the 
relevant Commodity as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Commodity Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by 
reference to a Commodity Reference Price will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Knock-in-Event and Knock-out Event: 
5.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event, 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
5.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event, 
shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the 
purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
5.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the Commodity 
Reference Price triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-in 
Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
5.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity 
Business Day); 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in the case of a single Commodity, that the Commodity Reference Price 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on 
any Knock-in Determination Day is and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values calculated for each 
Commodity as the product of (x) the Specified Price as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-in Level” means the price, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 1 and Commodity Linked Condition 3;

--- Page 229 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
229 
 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day; 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following Commodity 
Business Day; 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity 
Business Day); 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in the case of a single Commodity, that the Specified Price determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day is and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each Commodity as 
the product of (x) the Commodity Reference Price as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) “less than or 
equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-out Level” means the price, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 1 and Commodity Linked Condition 3; 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day; 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the next following 
Commodity Business Day;  
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 230 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
230 
 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date at 
the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the Commodity or each Commodity comprising the Basket 
in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the Commodity or each Commodity comprising the Basket 
in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product 
of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, 
no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Price 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Specified Price in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying 
determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, (aa) “greater 
than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or 
equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 1”); 
and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms);

--- Page 231 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
231 
 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price in respect of the 
AER Event 2 Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 
Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket 
Price 2 is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” 
or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 2 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price” means the price, amount, number or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 3 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price 1” means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 3 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price 2” means the price, amount, percentage or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Commodity Linked Condition 3 above. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Basket Price 1” means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the Specified Price of such AER Event 1 
Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
“Basket Price 2” means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the Specified Price of such AER Event 2 
Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or (in relation to 
Exempt Notes only) an Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount 
to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him, which amount shall be the fair market 
value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any related underlying hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
8. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption; 
“Basket Component” means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket of 
Commodities;

--- Page 232 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
232 
 
“Basket of Commodities” means a basket comprising two or more Commodities and/or 
Commodity Indices; 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions 
of the Notes. 
“Commodity” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked 
Conditions, the commodity (or commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or 
commodities) specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight rates and emissions 
allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of these Commodity Linked Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Commodity Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that 
is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have 
been) a day on which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing 
prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for 
the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published), a price 
for the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference Price 
in respect of all the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in 
accordance with (i) and (ii) above; 
“Commodity Disrupted Day” means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
“Commodity Fallback Value” means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealer as its Commodity Reference Price 
for the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only three 
such quotations are so provided, the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the 
Commodity Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity Reference 
Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, 
one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed 
that such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith 
estimate of the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such 
Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the current applicable 
method of calculating such Commodity Index or the method for determining the value 
of the Basket of Commodities, as the case may be using the price or level for each 
Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, determined as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price

--- Page 233 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
233 
 
or level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Index Component or 
Basket Component, as the case may be, on such Pricing Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each an “Affected 
Item”), the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, for 
such Affected Item on the first succeeding Pricing Date that is not a 
Commodity Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Pricing Dates equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date shall 
be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price or level of such Affected Item based upon 
the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise realise any hedge 
positions in respect of the Notes during the period of five Commodity 
Business Days following the last such consecutive Pricing Date; 
“Commodity Index” means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or an 
index comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, 
indices linked to a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an 
“Index Component”); 
“Commodity Reference Price” means (i) in respect of any Commodity or any Commodity 
Index, the Commodity Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Delivery Date” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month 
for delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of 
being determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date 
or that month and year; 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration 
of the relevant Futures Contract; and 
(c) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
“Disruption Fallback” means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price when a 
Market Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced 
by the Price Source). A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no Disruption Fallback is specified, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
actions in accordance with Commodity Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market 
Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
“Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price” means (A) the permanent discontinuation of 
trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (B) the disappearance of, or 
of trading in, the relevant Commodity or Index Component or (C) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the 
availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract, Commodity or Index Component; 
“Exchange” means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for 
such Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price 
and in the case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each Index 
Component comprising such Commodity Index; 
“Final Pricing Date” or “Final Interest Pricing Date” means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to “Final Pricing Date” shall be deemed 
to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any “Final Interest Pricing Date”; 
“Futures Contract” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future 
delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity 
referred to in that Commodity Reference Price;

--- Page 234 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
234 
 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the commodity price risk or any other relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes; 
“Index Component Disruption Event” means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on 
any date between the Effective Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published 
by the usual exchange or price source, but is a price determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by 
the usual exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such 
Pricing Date that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or 
published subject to the occurrence of market disruption or similar, or otherwise not in 
accordance with the usual, then-current, method used by such exchange or price source; 
“Initial Pricing Date” or “Initial Interest Pricing Date” means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Conditions to “Initial Pricing Date” shall be deemed 
to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any “Initial Interest Pricing Date”; 
“Intraday Price” means, in respect of a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component and 
any time on a Pricing Date, the Relevant Price of such Commodity, Commodity Index or Index 
Component at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as 
provided in Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and 
Disruption Fallbacks) and if applicable Commodity Linked Condition 3 (Adjustments to a 
Commodity Index); 
“Limit Price Event” means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index Component has 
increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to 
the maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Commodity or 
Index Component; 
“Material Change in Content” means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change 
in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract or, in 
the case of a Commodity Index, Index Component; 
“Material Change in Formula” means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price or any 
Index Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
“Nearby Month”, when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date 
and a Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical 
adjective, so that, for example, (A) “First Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of the 
first Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; (B) “Second Nearby Month” means 
the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and 
(C) “Sixth Nearby Month” means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date; 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” means any event specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to Exempt Notes only; 
“Price Source” means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange 
or Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or 
prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
“Price Source Disruption” means (A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the 
Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, or (B) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability 
of the Price Source;

--- Page 235 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
235 
 
“Pricing Date” or “Interest Pricing Date” means each date specified in the Final Terms as being 
the Initial Pricing Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the Final Pricing Date or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, 
the immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day in which case: 
(a) 
the relevant Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as applicable, shall be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date 
or Scheduled Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, is a Commodity Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed 
to be the Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall take action in accordance with the provisions of Commodity Linked Condition 2 
(Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks). 
References in these Conditions to “Pricing Date” shall be deemed to apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of any “Interest Pricing Date”; 
“Reference Dealer” means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by 
the Calculation Agent; 
“Relevant Price” means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of the 
Commodity, the price of the Commodity Index or any Index Component, determined with 
respect to that day for the Specified Commodity Reference Price calculated as provided in these 
Commodity Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
“Scheduled Pricing Date” or “Scheduled Interest Pricing Date” means any original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing 
Date. References in these Conditions to “Scheduled Pricing Date” shall be deemed to apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of any “Scheduled Interest Pricing Date”; 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means five (5) Commodity Business Days or such 
other number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Specified Price” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity Index, 
(A) the closing or (B) daily official level of such Commodity Index and in respect of any other 
Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a price reported in or 
by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price 
Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): 
(A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high price and the low price; (D) the 
closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the average of the 
bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official settlement price; (K) the 
official price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the spot price; or (O) any 
other price specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Pricing Date; 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Tax Disruption” means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, 
use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index or any Index 
Component (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any 
government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, 
change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a 
Pricing Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal; and 
“Trading Disruption” means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, 
Index Component on the Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract, 
commodity index or commodity on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For 
these purposes:

--- Page 236 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
236 
 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material 
only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component is 
suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, 
trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of 
trading in such Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less 
than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index 
Component, as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed 
to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within 
which the price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as 
the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant Futures 
Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on such day is at 
the upper or lower limit of that range.

--- Page 237 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
237 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the “Fund Linked 
Conditions”), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
“AUM Level” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or 
the equivalent in any other currency. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
“Basket Trigger Event” means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or 
more Funds comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary Fund 
Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund 
Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
“Basket Trigger Level” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
“Calculation Date” means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, each day which is a Fund Business Day. 
“Delayed Payment Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Scheduled Maturity 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or Termination Date, as the case may be. 
“Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date” means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Final Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fund” means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund. 
“Fund Basket” means where the Fund Linked Notes are linked to the performance of Fund 
Shares of more than one Fund, a basket comprising such Fund Shares. 
“Fund Business Day” means either (i) with respect to single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single 
Fund Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund 
Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Fund 
Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
“Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)” means, with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) 
that is a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket and (ii) on which 
the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund 
Share executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
“Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)” means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) 
that is a Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider 
has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV 
per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or 
reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
“Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)” means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) 
that is a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a 
subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such 
value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
“Fund Documents” means with respect to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant 
Fund in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions

--- Page 238 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
238 
 
relating to such Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements 
in respect of the Fund, as further described in any Fund Document. 
“Fund Service Provider” means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Fund Share(s)” means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any 
other interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fund Valuation Date” means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, 
the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV 
per Fund Share. 
“Hedge Fund” means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Hedge Provider” means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer the Calculation Agent, an 
affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who 
shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider 
will hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into 
any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number 
of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers 
would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
“Hedging Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to 
have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor 
holding a Fund Share at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the 
Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
“Implied Embedded Option Value” means an amount which may never be less than zero equal 
to the present value as at the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any future 
payments under the Notes determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
taking into account, without limitation, such factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable 
from the sale of any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Shares and 
transaction costs. 
“Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date” means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded 
Option Value following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event for which the Issuer 
determines the relevant action is to be Termination. 
“Initial Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
not so specified the Hedging Date. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, 
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an 
Entity with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding Shares of an Entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding

--- Page 239 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
239 
 
share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into another entity 
in which the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior 
to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final 
Calculation Date. For the purposes of this definition “Merger Event” only, “Shares” 
shall mean the applicable Fund Shares or the shares of any applicable Fund Service 
Provider, as the context may require, and “Entity” shall mean the applicable Fund or 
any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require. 
“Mutual Fund” means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“NAV per Fund Share” means, with respect to each relevant Fund Share and a Fund Business 
Day, (i) the net asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date as reported on 
any official website of the Fund or as otherwise reported by the Fund Service Provider that 
generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing 
service, or (ii) if such net asset value is not so reported the net asset value in the NAV Line derived 
from the Historical Price table in Bloomberg; and (iii) provided further that if either such reporting 
source reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund 
Share calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the 
Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding as of the related 
Fund Valuation Date, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“NAV Trigger Event” means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share 
has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time 
during the related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that 
is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
Fund Documents or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of 
its assets. 
“NAV Trigger Percentage” means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund 50 per cent., or (ii) a Hedge Fund 50 per cent. 
“NAV Trigger Period” means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final 
Calculation Date. 
“Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
“Number of NAV Publication Days” means the number of calendar days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days, 
or (ii) a Hedge Fund, 10 calendar days. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund 
Business Day. 
“Principal Protected Termination Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined as the sum of: 
(a) 
the Protected Amount; 
(b) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; and 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
“Protected Amount” means (i) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an

--- Page 240 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
240 
 
Extraordinary Fund Event is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
present value of a hypothetical zero coupon bond reflecting the principal protection feature of the 
Notes as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Private Equity Fund” means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Settlement Price Date” means the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or the 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
“Simple Interest” means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of 
interest that would accrue on the Implied Embedded Option Value during the period from (and 
including) the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and including) the Final 
Calculation Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate 
Payer under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. under which: 
(a) 
the “Effective Date” is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the “Termination Date” is the Termination Date; 
(c) 
the “Floating Rate Payer Payment Date” is the Termination Date; 
(d) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if the Settlement Currency 
is EUR) or USD-LIBOR-BBA (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
(e) 
the “Designated Maturity” is 3 months; 
(f) 
the “Simple Interest Spread” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
so specified minus 0.125 per cent.; 
(g) 
the “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” is Actual/360; 
(h) 
the “Reset Date” is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and 
each date falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(i) 
“Compounding” is “Inapplicable”. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
day is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is 
not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund 
Service Provider, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
“Termination Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, (i) the Principal Protected Termination Amount, or (ii) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Termination Date” means (i) the date determined by the Issuer and specified in the notice 
given to Noteholders in accordance with Fund Linked Condition 4.2(c), or (ii) if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“Trade Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Fund Business Day, 
the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day.

--- Page 241 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
241 
 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund 
Events), “Extraordinary Fund Event” means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or 
after the Trade Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
(a) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund 
Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, 
custodian, prime brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable) (ii) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of 
its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction 
over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above 
and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not 
immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject 
to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events 
specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
(a) 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the sole 
and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of 
the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
(b) 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or 
any Fund Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation 
Agent reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, 
or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings 
is commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any 
key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or 
proceedings could, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent, 
materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor 
in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events: 
(a) 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and 
is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage 
of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or 
any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the 
Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the 
value of the Fund Shares or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund 
Shares; or

--- Page 242 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
242 
 
(b) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service 
Provider fails to appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key 
individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund 
(howsoever described, including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund 
invests), from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any announcement regarding a 
potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature; 
(b) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, 
or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
(c) 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of 
the Fund Documents or to the Fund's liquidity terms) other than a modification or 
event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to 
which the Fund Share relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued 
by the Fund); 
(d) 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
(e) 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency 
as it was as at the Trade Date; 
(f) 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under 
the legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; or 
(g) 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents) of shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking 
into consideration the potential cross-liability between classes of shares or units 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that such new class or series has or 
may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation 
to the Notes; 
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
(b) 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund 
Share; 
(c) 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
(d) 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
(e) 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the 
Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the 
Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination 
of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a 
technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible 
for such publication; 
(f) 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share 
when such asset prices could have been obtained from independent sources and the asset 
prices from independent sources materially diverge from the asset prices provided by 
the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
(g) 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level;

--- Page 243 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
243 
 
(h) 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share 
is inaccurate, or (ii) the reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the 
net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
(i) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
(j) 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or 
the NAV per Fund Share is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or 
the NAV per Fund Share communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in 
respect of the same date, (ii) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse 
to provide an unqualified audit report, in respect of the Fund, and/or (iii) the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, does not deem the audited net 
asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share to be representative of the 
actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share; 
Reporting Events: 
(a) 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause 
to be delivered or published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or 
publish, or agreed to cause to be delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent or 
Hedge Provider, or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to the Hedge 
Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or 
its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems 
necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's 
compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any 
other similar policies relating to the Fund Share; or 
(b) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable 
time, with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested 
regarding the investment portfolio or other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
(a) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws 
or regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect 
on any hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the 
Notes (a “Tax Event”) and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for 
a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became 
known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, 
provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to 
take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the 
period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or 
becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax 
Event; or 
(b) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are 
or become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive 
of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in 
the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, 
any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund 
by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a 
relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent 
authority in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are 
imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or 
licence, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares, 
(iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity 
to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any 
hedging arrangements relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting or regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or other 
activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in 
such Fund Shares, including any Hedge Provider;

--- Page 244 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
244 
 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
(a) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of 
any adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or 
promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by 
any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of 
any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as 
a result of any other relevant event (each a “Relevant Event”) (i) it would become 
unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, 
circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, or 
similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that 
would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that would 
subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase 
or sell the relevant Fund Shares or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or 
for the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements and, subject as provided 
below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week following the day 
the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect 
of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated 
company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any 
kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied 
on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable means 
of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
(b) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, 
but not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined 
effect thereof if occurring more than once)) would be materially increased or the Hedge 
Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Notes and the related hedging 
arrangements; 
(c) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider 
is unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, 
re- establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it 
deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or (ii) to realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without 
limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any 
restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability 
to redeem a Fund Share, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to 
make new or additional investments in such Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory 
redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share; or 
(d) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to maintain the Notes; 
Dealing Events: 
(a) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription 
or redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of 
any doubt, any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit) 
(ii) the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund 
Shares), (iii) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without 
limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or 
subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw 
back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could in the 
sole and absolute determination of the Calculation Agent have an adverse impact on 
the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation 
to the Notes, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares

--- Page 245 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
245 
 
is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any 
reason; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
(b) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or 
terminates any rebate agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any 
of its Affiliates; 
(c) 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross- 
contamination or other failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund 
occurs between different series, classes and/or sub-funds; 
(d) 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets 
is enforced or becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent is comparable to security over any such assets 
(including without limitation any repo or prime brokerage arrangement) becomes 
enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, securities lending 
or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) 
relating to the Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
(e) 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any 
Fund Service Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, 
by Moody's Investors Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof 
(“Moody's”), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-
Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof (“S&P”), is downgraded 
below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P 
is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Linked Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
“Fund” shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of 
its investible assets from time to time; and 
(ii)   
“Fund Shares” shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in 
any Fund (as defined in paragraph (i) above). 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of 
circumstances is capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may 
determine which Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from 
the Trade Date, of any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of 
circumstances occurs more than once. 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event or an Additional Disruption Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall, on or prior to the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event is no 
longer continuing, give notice (“Extraordinary Fund Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an 
“Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date”) and set out, if determined at that time, the 
action that the Issuer has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event pursuant 
to Fund Linked Condition 4.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is 
not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that the 
Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary Fund 
Event Notification Date.

--- Page 246 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
246 
 
For such purposes, an Extraordinary Fund Event shall be considered to be “continuing” if it has 
not been remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer. 
The Calculation Agent shall provide Noteholders with an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other person 
in connection with the Notes as a result of any delay, howsoever arising. If the Calculation 
Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any 
payment or delivery in respect of the Notes until the Issuer has determined the action that it has 
determined to take pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 4.2 below. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, may take the action described below in (a), (b) or (c): 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken 
in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be “Adjustment”, then the 
Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate 
adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine 
the effective date of such adjustment. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken 
in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be “Substitution”, the Calculation 
Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor 
can redeem the Fund Shares in the relevant Fund in such number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
soon as it is reasonably practicable following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which 
a Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption 
order in full submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable 
efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar 
interests in an alternative fund which, in the sole and absolute determination 
of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant Fund, 
including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment 
restrictions and investment processes and has service providers acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub- 
paragraph (ii) above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an 
index (or a fund tracking such index) selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) 
above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require the 
Calculation Agent make such determinations and/or adjustments to these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be 
appropriate to take account of such Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event is to be “Termination”, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (which such notice may be 
included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Fund Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but not some 
only of the outstanding Fund Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the 
Termination Amount on the Termination Date, subject to Fund Linked Condition 5.

--- Page 247 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
247 
 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
(d) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
the Issuer is under no duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person. 
In making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other 
person in connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as 
a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes. 
Upon determining the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, giving details of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event and the action to be taken in respect thereof. 
5. 
Interest Payment Date/Redemption/T erm ination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may 
be, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect 
of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, 
received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the “Redemption 
Proceeds”), the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 
that the Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the 
case may be, has been postponed. As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge 
Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (such notice the “Delayed Payment Notice”) and redeem the 
Notes on the date falling not more than five Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed 
Payment Notice (such date, the “Postponed Redemption Date”) by payment to each Noteholder 
of the Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Termination 
Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the Delayed Payment Cut- off Date, the 
Postponed Redemption Date shall be the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as 
provided in Condition 3 accruing from (and including) the Interest Period End Date immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination 
Date, as the case may be, (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, 
as the case may be, but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed 
Redemption Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to an Interest 
Payment Date, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in 
respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund 
Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the 
“Redemption Proceeds”), the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, that such Interest Payment Date has been postponed. As soon as practicable 
following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (such notice the “Delayed Payment 
Notice”) and the Issuer shall pay the Interest Amount in respect of the Interest Period ending on 
or immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date on the date falling not more than five 
Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the “Postponed 
Payment Date”) and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay, provided 
that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending 
on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, the Postponed Payment Date shall be the Delayed 
Payment Cut-off Date.

--- Page 248 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
248 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the “Credit Linked 
Conditions”), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. 
1. 
General 
1.1 
Credit Terms: 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes, being Single Reference Entity CLNs, Nth-to-Default 
CLNs or Basket CLNs; 
(b) 
the Settlement Method (if not Auction Settlement) and, where Auction Settlement 
applies, the applicable Fallback Settlement Method; 
(c) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur;  
(d) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(e) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(f) 
the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity; and 
(g) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of each Reference Entity. 
1.2 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Reference Entity, 
then the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall apply with respect to such Reference 
Entity in accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such Transaction Type, 
(subject to any additional provisions in the Final Terms) as though such Physical Settlement 
Matrix were set out in full in the Final Terms and as though any elections or terms applying to 
such Transaction Type were specified as being applicable in the Final Terms (with any such 
changes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary to take into account such provisions applying to 
Credit Linked Notes rather than a credit derivative transaction). In the event of any inconsistency 
between the terms of the Physical Settlement Matrix and the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall 
prevail. 
1.3 
Additional Provisions: 
If, in accordance with the specified Transaction Type or otherwise, any Additional Provisions are 
applicable, these Credit Linked Conditions shall take effect subject to the provisions thereof (with 
any such changes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary to take into account such provisions 
applying to Credit Linked Notes rather than a credit derivative transaction). 
1.4 
Basket CLNs: 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Basket CLNs, then the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
relating to redemption of Credit Linked Notes following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement, 
extension of maturity of Credit Linked Notes on delivery of an Extension Notice, cessation or 
suspension of accrual of interest or accrual and payment of interest following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall apply separately with respect to each Reference Entity and a principal amount 
of each Credit Linked Note corresponding to the Reference Entity Notional Amount divided 
by the number of Credit Linked Notes then in issue. The remaining provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
Redemption 
2.1 
Redemption absent Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement: 
The Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Note (i) on the related CLN Maturity Date (as such 
date may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) or (ii) if Maturity Payment 
Deferral is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days after 
the CLN Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, by payment of an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal amount of such Note or, if specified in the Final Terms, the Final

--- Page 249 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
249 
 
Redemption Amount (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) (together 
with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in 
full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 2.2, 2.3 or 2.4); or 
(b) 
the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied, in which event the Issuer shall redeem 
the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2. 
2.2 
Redemption following Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement: 
Upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any Reference Entity, each Credit 
Linked Note (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) will be subject to 
redemption: 
(a) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, by payment of its pro rata 
share (such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding (and in the case 
of Partly Paid Notes, paid up) nominal amount of each Credit Linked Note 
corresponding to the Calculation Amount) of the Auction Settlement Amount on 
the Auction Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event 
the Issuer shall perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in 
accordance with the applicable Fallback Settlement Method. If the Conditions to 
Settlement with respect to a new Credit Event are satisfied following the occurrence of 
a Fallback Settlement Event with respect to a first Credit Event and no Fallback 
Settlement Event occurs with respect to such new Credit Event, the Issuer shall, if it so 
elects on or prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, redeem the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.2(a) by Auction Settlement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement); and 
(c) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, by payment of its pro rata share 
(such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding (and in the case 
of Partly Paid Notes, paid up) nominal amount of each Credit Linked Note 
corresponding to the Calculation Amount) of the Cash Settlement Amount on the 
Cash Settlement Date. 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default CLNs, the Conditions to Settlement shall not be satisfied 
with respect to the Notes until the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with respect to the Nth 
Reference Entity. Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default CLNs and the Conditions to Settlement 
are satisfied with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the order in which such Conditions to Settlement 
were satisfied. 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs prior to the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement then the Notes shall 
redeem in accordance with the Automatic Early Redemption provisions notwithstanding any subsequent 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement. If the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied prior to the 
occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, then the Notes (or, in respect of Basket CLNs, 
the relevant portion of the Notes to be redeemed as a result of the satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement) shall redeem in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.2 notwithstanding any 
subsequent occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event. 
2.3 
Redemption following a Merger Event: 
If this Credit Linked Condition 2.3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and redeem all but not some 
only of the Credit Linked Notes at the CLN Early Redemption Amount (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Merger Event Redemption Date. 
2.4 
Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Events: 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. If the Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note equal to the CLN Early Redemption Amount (as determined by the

--- Page 250 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
250 
 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). Payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
2.5 
Suspension of Obligations: 
If a notice (a “DC Notice”) is delivered to the DC Secretary relating to a DC Credit Event 
Question in relation to a Reference Entity (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has yet to determine whether Publicly Available 
Information is available), then unless the Issuer otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders, from the date delivery of any such DC Notice is effective, any 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Credit Linked Note (including pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2.2) or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due thereon shall, (or, in 
the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof relating to the relevant Reference Entity), 
be and remain suspended (without interest accruing on any such suspended sum) until such time 
as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved on the DC Credit 
Event Question and one of a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement or a DC Credit Event Announcement has been publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary. 
During such suspension period, the Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor entitled to, take any action 
in connection with the settlement of the Credit Linked Notes, (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the 
relevant portion thereof relating to the relevant Reference Entity). Once the DC Secretary has 
publicly announced the outcome of the DC Resolution relating to the DC Credit Event Question 
(one of a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, a DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC 
Credit Event Announcement), such suspension shall terminate and any obligations so suspended 
shall resume on the basis of such DC Resolution on the CLN Business Day following such public 
announcement by the DC Secretary, with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the suspension began. Any amount of interest so suspended shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 3.1, become due on a date determined by the Calculation Agent, in its 
sole discretion but not later than fifteen Business Days following such public announcement by 
the DC Secretary. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any payment of interest or principal which 
is deferred in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.5. 
2.6 
Accrued Interest on Deliverable Obligations, Valuation Obligations: 
With respect to a Credit Linked Note or a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction for which: 
(a) 
“Physical Settlement” is specified to be the Settlement Method in the relevant Final 
Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method), the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless “Include Accrued Interest” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid 
interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion); 
(b) 
“Cash Settlement” is specified to be the Settlement Method in the relevant Final Terms 
(or if Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(i) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its sole discretion, based on the then current market practice in the market 
of the Reference Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest 
and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility or Illegality) 
is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion, based on the

--- Page 251 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
251 
 
then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable 
Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
2.7 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption: 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed, the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to 
reflect such partial redemption. Upon such partial redemption, the outstanding principal amount 
of each Note shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest thereon) accordingly. 
Redemption of any Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, together 
with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion of the 
obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
Any amount payable under Credit Linked Condition 2.2 shall be rounded downwards to the 
nearest Sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
3. 
Interest 
3.1 
Cessation of Interest Accrual: 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, interest 
on such Credit Linked Note (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) shall 
cease to accrue with effect from and including either: 
(a) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, 
in the case of an Event Determination Date occurring during the first Interest Period, 
the Interest Commencement Date); or 
(b) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, such Event Determination Date. 
3.2 
Interest following Scheduled Maturity: 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 3.1, if an Extension Notice has been given (other than 
pursuant to paragraph (d) of the definition of “Extension Notice”), each Credit Linked Note (or, 
in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) which is outstanding following the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall continue to bear interest from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the related CLN Maturity Date at a rate of interest equal to 
either: 
(a) 
the rate that the Issuer would pay to an independent customer in respect of overnight 
deposits in the currency of the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to paragraph (d) of 
the definition thereof, no interest shall accrue from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the related CLN Maturity Date. 
3.3 
Interest at Redemption: 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed pursuant to the Conditions or these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the CLN Maturity Date (if not the Scheduled Maturity 
Date), the Auction Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the last Delivery Date, as the 
case may be, shall be an Interest Payment Date in respect of each Credit Linked Note (or, in the 
case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) and the Issuer shall pay any interest that has 
accrued but which has not been previously paid in respect of each Credit Linked Note (or, as 
applicable, the relevant portion thereof) on such Interest Payment Date. 
3.4 
Deferral of Interest for potential Event Determination Date  
The Calculation Agent may delay the payment of an Interest Amount in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date if it determines, in its sole discretion, that an Event Determination Date has not 
occurred but may still occur in respect of a Credit Event or potential Credit Event which has 
occurred or may have occurred in respect of any Reference Entity on or prior to such Interest 
Payment Date. Following any such delay, if the Calculation Agent determines that such Event 
Determination Date will not occur, the Issuer shall pay the Interest Amount in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date (and each subsequent Interest Payment Date that would occur during the

--- Page 252 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
252 
 
delay) on the CLN Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent notifies it that 
it has determined that such Event Determination Date will not occur. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any payment of interest which is deferred 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 3.4. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
4.1 
Delivery and payment: 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Note, then following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date the Issuer shall, on or prior to the related Physical Settlement Date and subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 4.2, 4.3 and 4.6, deliver to the Calculation Agent and Noteholders a 
Notice of Physical Settlement on or prior to the NOPS Cut-off Date, and, on or prior to the related 
Physical Settlement Date, redeem such Credit Linked Note (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the 
relevant portion thereof), respectively, by: 
(a) 
Delivering a pro rata share (the “Entitlement”) of the Deliverable Obligations specified 
in the related Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice (as 
applicable); and 
(b) 
paying such Note's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment 
Rounding Amount. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement: 
(a) 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for 
the Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or any 
Noteholder, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer or the relevant Noteholder to accept 
Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Deliverable Obligation 
described in paragraph (d) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”) specified in a 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the 
related Physical Settlement Date (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain requisite consent with respect to Delivery of Loans), 
then on such date the Issuer shall Deliver and the relevant Noteholder shall take 
Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and 
legal to take Delivery. If, following the occurrence of any such impossibility or 
illegality, the amount of Deliverable Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
are not Delivered to the relevant Noteholder on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to the 
Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (the “Undeliverable Obligations”) 
and, accordingly, the Issuer shall pay the relevant Noteholders an amount equal to the 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant 
Noteholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Partial Cash Settlement of Consent Required Loans: 
If: 
(i) 
“Partial Cash Settlement of Consent Required Loans” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable include Consent Required 
Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the 
Physical Settlement Date, capable of being assigned or novated to the 
Noteholders or their respective designees and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) “Direct Loan Participation” is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the relevant Final Terms, or (B) “Direct Loan Participation” 
is specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the relevant Final 
Terms and the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date,

--- Page 253 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
253 
 
Cash Settlement pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement) 
shall be deemed to apply to the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction with respect 
to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Consent Required Loans for 
which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the “Undeliverable Loan 
Obligations”). 
(c) 
Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans: 
If: 
(i) 
“Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable include Assignable Loans 
that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical 
Settlement Date, capable of being assigned or novated to Seller or its 
designee and such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) “Direct Loan Participation” is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the relevant Final Terms, or (B) “Direct Loan Participation” 
is specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the relevant Final 
Terms and the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
(d) 
Cash Settlement pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement) 
shall be deemed to apply to the Credit Linked Notes or the Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
“Unassignable Obligations”). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Settlement of Participation: 
If: 
(i) 
“Partial Cash Settlement of Participations” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the 
relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Settlement pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement) 
shall be deemed to apply to the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction with respect 
to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Direct Loan Participations in 
respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the “Undeliverable 
Participations”). 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations: 
If the Issuer does not Deliver (including following the occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event) 
any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice (as applicable) other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated in Credit 
Linked Condition 4.2 above (including following the occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event), 
such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default for the purpose of the Notes and the Issuer 
may continue to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable Obligations that are Bonds or Loans until the 
Extended Physical Settlement Date. If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any 
such Deliverable Obligations have not been Delivered, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply 
with respect to such Deliverable Obligations and the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
Noteholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.

--- Page 254 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
254 
 
4.4 
Aggregation and Rounding: 
Where a Noteholder holds Credit Linked Notes in an aggregate nominal amount outstanding (or, 
in the case of Partly Paid Notes, a paid-up aggregate nominal amount outstanding) greater than 
the Specified Denomination, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to 
be Delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Notes of such Noteholder shall be aggregated for the 
purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 4. If the nominal amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
to be Delivered in respect of each Credit Linked Note to be redeemed pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition on any occasion is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple 
thereof) of such Deliverable Obligations then the nominal amount of Deliverable Obligations to 
be Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, 
if none, to zero. In such circumstances, the Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being 
Delivered shall, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the Issuer or such other agent as may 
be appointed by the Issuer for such purpose and, if they are so sold, the Issuer shall make 
payment in respect of each Credit Linked Note in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the 
related net sale proceeds as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
4.5 
Delivery and Fees: 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Condition 4 shall be made in such commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer shall, in 
its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the 
definition of “Deliver”: 
(a) 
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment 
or novation (where Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent 
Required Loans) shall be payable by the relevant Noteholders, and if any Stamp Tax 
is payable in connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations, payment 
thereof shall be made by the relevant Noteholders; and 
(b) 
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable 
Obligations shall be for the account of the Noteholders or the Issuer, as appropriate, 
determined in accordance with then current market conventions. Delivery and/or 
transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses relating 
to such Delivery or transfer payable by the Noteholders have been paid to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer. 
4.6 
Asset Transfer Notice: 
A Noteholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in 
this Credit Linked Condition 4.6 upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement unless it 
has presented or surrendered (as is appropriate) the relevant Credit Linked Note and delivered an 
Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out at Schedule 11 (Form of Asset Transfer 
Notice) to the Fiscal Agency Agreement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4.8 
(Delivery) below. For so long as the Credit Linked Notes are held in any clearing system, any 
communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Noteholder containing the information 
required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as 
Bearer Notes are represented by a Global Note, surrender of Credit Linked Notes for such purpose 
will be effected by presentation of the Global Note and its endorsement to note the principal 
amount of Credit Linked Notes to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.7 
NOPS Amendment Notice: 
The Issuer may, from time to time, notify the Calculation Agent and Noteholders (each such 
notification, a “NOPS Amendment Notice”) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one 
or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been 
Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). A NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will Deliver to Noteholders (each, a “Replacement Deliverable Obligation”) and 
shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being 
replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the “Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount”).  The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised

--- Page 255 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
255 
 
Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The 
Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in 
each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. 
Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement 
Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment 
Notice). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the 
detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Calculation Agent and 
Noteholders prior to the relevant Delivery Date and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, 
the Issuer shall on the NOPS Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(but in any case, prior to the Delivery Date), notify the Calculation Agent and Noteholders of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver to Noteholders in lieu 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each 
case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
4.8 
Delivery: 
(1) 
Procedure 
In relation to Notes to which Physical Settlement applies, in order to obtain Delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of any Note, the relevant Noteholder must: 
(X) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must deliver 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent and any entity appointed by the Issuer to Deliver the Entitlement on its behalf 
(the “Delivery Agent”) not later than the close of business in each place of receipt 
on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in compliance with the 
requirements of this Credit Linked Condition 4.8 (Delivery) and in a form acceptable 
to the Issuer; and 
(Y) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver (i) if this Note 
is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (ii) if this Note is a Registered Note, to the 
Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Delivery Agent (as defined above) not later than the close of business in each place 
of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in 
compliance with the requirements of this Credit Linked Condition 4.8 (Delivery) and 
in a form acceptable to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof, “Cut-off Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note, the third 
Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date or (b) in respect of a Credit Linked Note, 
the first Business Day immediately preceding the Settlement Date. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a Global Note, 
in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, or 
(ii) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together with the duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Noteholder 
and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may obtain details for the 
Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(ii) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes which are the subject 
of such notice;

--- Page 256 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
256 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount of Notes 
which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder's account at the 
relevant clearing system to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably instruct and 
authorise the relevant clearing system to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with 
such Notes on or before the Delivery Date; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Notes represented by 
a Global Note, an authority to the relevant clearing system to debit a specified account 
of the Noteholder with the relevant clearing system in respect thereof and to pay such 
Expenses; 
(v) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement which 
may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose 
name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent 
to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered 
and specify the name and number of the Noteholder's account to be credited with any 
cash payable by the Issuer; 
(vi) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in 
the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or 
on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will 
be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
in connection with any redemption thereof; 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, all as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
(2) 
Verification of the Noteholder 
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, the 
relevant clearing system shall verify that the person delivering the Asset Transfer Notice is the 
holder of the Notes described therein according to its records. Subject thereto, the relevant 
clearing system will confirm to the Fiscal Agent the series number and number of Notes the 
subject of such notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the 
Entitlement of each Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Fiscal Agent will inform the 
Issuer and any Delivery Agent thereof and the Issuer will countersign the Asset Transfer Notice 
as confirmation that the Fiscal Agent is authorised and instructed to endorse or procure the 
endorsement of the Global Note to note the cancellation of the principal amount of Credit Linked 
Notes to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. The relevant clearing system will on or 
before the Delivery Date debit the securities account of the relevant Noteholder with the relevant 
Notes. 
(3) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, by the relevant c learing 
system or, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, or in each case in consultation with the Fiscal Agent, and shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. 
Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in 
proper form, or which is not copied to the Fiscal Agent and any Delivery Agent immediately 
after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (1) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, the relevant clearing system, or, in the case of Notes in definitive 
form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, or in each case in 
consultation with the Fiscal Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted 
at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. No Asset Transfer Notice may be 
withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant clearing system, the Registrar or a Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant 
Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. The Entitlement will 
be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner provided below on the Settlement 
Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition, the 
“Delivery Date”), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered as provided above 
on or prior to the Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 257 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
257 
 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Delivery Agent, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be 
Delivered as soon as practicable after the date fixed for redemption (in which case, such date of 
delivery shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Settlement Date 
at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner provided below. For the avoidance of doubt, in such 
circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or 
otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling after the date fixed for redemption or the 
originally designated Settlement Date, as applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach 
to the Issuer. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, 
Deliver the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement, in such commercially reasonable 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or in such manner as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp 
duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes (“Expenses”) arising from the 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement in respect of such Notes shall 
be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of 
the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(4) 
Asset Package Delivery 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable 
to the Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package 
Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event provided that if a 
Transaction Type is specified as applicable for a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement and the '2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement' is 
specified as applicable for such Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix, it shall be 
deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to such Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly 
Asset Package Delivery shall not apply. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package 
shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which 
it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) each Asset in the 
Asset Package shall be Delivered provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding 
Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to 
have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified Noteholders and the Calculation Agent of the detailed description of the Asset Package 
that it intends to Deliver in the Notice of Physical Settlement, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in 
part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non- Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
5. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
5.1 
Obligation Characteristics: 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics “Listed” or “Not Domestic Issuance” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
5.2 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics: 
(a) 
If either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Listed”, “Not Domestic 
Issuance” or “Not Bearer” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms

--- Page 258 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
258 
 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; 
(b) 
If the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Transferable” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans. 
(c) 
If any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Assignable Loan”, “Consent 
Required Loan” or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Loans. 
(d) 
If more than one of “Assignable Loan,” “Consent Required Loan” and “Direct Loan 
Participation” are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one 
of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
“Maximum Maturity”, remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms 
of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, 
in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity 
shall be zero. 
(f) 
If “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a 
particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For the purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics and the requirements specified in Credit Linked Condition 8.2 (Mod 
R) and Credit Linked Condition 8.3 (Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference 
to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event. 
(h) 
If “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the “Maximum Maturity” 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital 
Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
5.3 
Guarantees: 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(a) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(b) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms from the following list: “Not Subordinated”, “Specified 
Currency”, “Not Sovereign Lender”, “Not Domestic Currency” and “Not Domestic 
Law”. 
(c) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable

--- Page 259 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
259 
 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms from the 
following list: “Listed”, “Not Domestic Issuance”, “Assignable Loan”, “Consent 
Required Loan”, “Direct Loan Participation”, “Transferable”, “Maximum Maturity”, 
“Accelerated” or “Matured” and “Not Bearer”. 
(d) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
The terms “Outstanding Principal Balance” and “Due and Payable Amount” (as they 
are used in the Terms and Conditions, including without limitation, the definitions of 
“Cash Settlement Amount” and “Quotation Amount”), when used in connection with 
Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then “Outstanding Principal 
Balance” or “Due and Payable Amount”, as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation 
which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 apply 
in respect of the definitions of “Obligation”, “Valuation Obligation” and “Deliverable 
Obligation” as the context admits. 
6. 
Succession 
6.1 
Single Reference Entity: 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity CLNs and more than one Successor has been 
identified, each Credit Linked Note will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided into the 
same number of new Credit Linked Notes as there are Successors, with the following terms: 
(a) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed 
new Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
in respect of each deemed new Credit Linked Note, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount will be the Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original 
Reference Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(c) 
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Linked Notes will be replicated in 
each deemed new Credit Linked Note except to the extent that modification is required, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, to preserve the economic 
effects of the original Credit Linked Notes in the deemed new Credit Linked Notes 
(considered in the aggregate). 
6.2 
Nth-to-Default CLNs: 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default CLNs: 
(a) 
where more than one Successor has been identified (other than for a Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred), each Credit Linked Note will be 
deemed for all purposes to have been divided into a number of new Credit Linked Notes 
equal to the number of Successors. Each such new Credit Linked Note shall include a 
Successor and each and every one of the Reference Entities unaffected by such 
succession and the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 6.1(a) to (c) (inclusive) shall 
apply thereto; 
(b) 
if “Substitution” is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where 
any Reference Entity (the “Surviving Reference Entity”) (other than a Reference 
Entity that is subject to the succession) would be a Successor to any other Reference 
Entity (the “Legacy Reference Entity”) pursuant to a succession, such Surviving 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
if “Substitution” is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where the 
Surviving Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the 
succession) would be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity: 
(i) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to 
the Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to 
the Legacy Reference Entity.

--- Page 260 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
260 
 
6.3 
Basket CLNs: 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket CLNs, and one or more Successors have been 
identified in respect of a Reference Entity (the “Affected Entity”): 
(a) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor 
as described in (ii) below); 
(b) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity 
which is not an Affected Entity); 
(c) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; 
(d) 
the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, make any modifications to the terms of 
the Notes which may be required to preserve the economic effects of the Notes prior to 
the relevant succession (considered in the aggregate); and 
(e) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a succession, be 
represented in the basket with respect to multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts. 
6.4 
Substitute Reference Obligations for Reference Obligation Only Trades: 
Where the relevant Notional Credit Derivative Transaction in respect of a Reference Entity is a 
Reference Obligation Only Trade, if the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Substitution Event” occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation in such Reference Obligation 
Only Trade, the Substitution Event Date shall be the CLN Maturity Date and the Issuer shall 
make a payment of the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes as described in 
Credit Linked Condition 2.1. 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”, (i) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraphs (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
7. 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant Final Terms provides that “LPN Reference 
Entity” is applicable: 
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference 
Obligation and any Underlying Loan; 
(b) 
Reference Obligation shall be deemed to include any LPN Reference Obligation and 
any Additional Obligation; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not 
an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation 
is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(e) 
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Financial Instrument, the outstanding principal 
balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; and 
(f) 
the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect 
of the Reference Entity. 
8. 
Restructuring Credit Event 
8.1 
Multiple Credit Event Notices: 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity for which 
Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event and either “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified in 
the Final Terms:

--- Page 261 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
261 
 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
Restructuring Credit Event, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies 
(the “Exercise Amount”) provided that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify 
an Exercise Amount, the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount (and 
not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount; 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent has delivered a Credit Event Notice that specifies, for each 
Note, an Exercise Amount that is less than the principal amount outstanding of 
such Note, the rights and obligations of the parties shall, with effect from the date such 
Credit Event Notice is effective, be construed as if such Note had split into two Notes, 
one of which has a principal amount outstanding equal to the Exercise Amount and, 
upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, will be settled in accordance 
with the applicable Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement Method, as applicable, 
and the other of which will have a principal amount outstanding equal to the principal 
amount outstanding of such Note prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice 
minus the Exercise Amount and will continue in effect with such modifications as the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the parties) shall determine are required in 
order to preserve the economic effects of the two Notes so split (considered in 
aggregate); and 
(c) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the currency (or, if 
Russian Rouble, 100,000,000 units) in which the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount is denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant Reference 
Entity Notional Amount. 
(d) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Credit Event 
(i) other than a Restructuring, or (ii) where neither “Mod R” nor Mod Mod R” 
is specified in the Final Terms, in each case must be equal to the relevant Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (and not a portion thereof). 
In the case of an Nth-to-Default CLN, once the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied in 
respect of the Nth Reference Entity where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no 
further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity (save to 
the extent that the Credit Linked Notes are deemed to have been divided into new Credit Linked 
Notes pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 6). 
If any Credit Linked Note is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 8, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such Global Note shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions described in this Credit Linked Condition 8 shall not 
be applicable in respect of a Reference Entity for which Restructuring is an applicable Credit 
Event and neither “Mod R” nor “Mod Mod R” is specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2 
Mod R: 
In respect of any Reference Entity for which Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event, if “Mod 
R” is specified in the Final Terms, and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and 
Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, 
as applicable, Valuation Obligation, may only be specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement, 
any NOPS Amendment Notice or, as applicable, selected by the Issuer to form part of the related 
Valuation Obligations Portfolio only if it: 
(a) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date. 
8.3 
Mod Mod R: 
In respect of any Reference Entity for which Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event, if “Mod 
Mod R” is specified in the Final Terms, and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation

--- Page 262 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
262 
 
or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation, may only be specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, any NOPS Amendment Notice or, as applicable, selected by the Issuer to form part 
of the related Valuation Obligations Portfolio, only if it: 
(a) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the above, in the case of a Restructured Bond or 
Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date 
of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If the Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to 
which consent is required to novate, assign or transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether 
or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless 
of that reason) or is not received by the Physical Settlement Date, the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, notify the relevant Noteholders of such refusal (or deemed refusal) 
and: 
(x) 
each such Noteholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate 
of such Noteholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf; and 
(y) 
if a Noteholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the 
date which is three CLN Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
Issuer will redeem the Notes which have not been Delivered by payment of the relevant 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount to such Noteholder. For the avoidance of doubt, Credit 
Linked Condition 4.2 will not apply to this sub-paragraph. 
8.4 
Multiple Holder Obligations: 
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring, the occurrence 
of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) 
of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of 
any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
9. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes 
9.1 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent: 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any 
discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Credit Linked Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and, unless otherwise 
expressly stated, is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to 
make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee it may do so without liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by 
the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion 
under the Credit Linked Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any 
person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall, in the absence of 
wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, 
any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
If, where the Calculation Agent has relied upon a DC Resolution for the purposes of making a 
calculation or determination with respect to the Notes, ISDA or the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a subsequent DC Resolution, such 
reversal will be taken into account for the purposes of any subsequent calculations excepting 
instances where any Notes which would otherwise have been affected by such a reversal have 
already been redeemed (where redeemed in part, to the extent of any such redemption). The

--- Page 263 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
263 
 
Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, will make any adjustment to any 
future payments as are required to take account of such reversal, including any payment of 
additional interest or any reduction in any interest or any other amount payable under the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating 
any such adjustment payment. 
Because the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the Issuer, the economic interests of the 
Calculation Agent and its Affiliates may be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders of the 
Credit Linked Notes, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the 
Calculation Agent must make, including, designation of a Credit Event and selecting the 
obligations of the Reference Entity for valuation purposes. 
9.2 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions: 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these Credit 
Linked Conditions from time to time with effect from a date designated by the Calculation Agent 
to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing market standards or 
market trading conventions, which are, pursuant to the agreement of the leading dealers in the 
credit derivatives market or any relevant committee established by ISDA, a market-wide 
protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing 
system, applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative Transaction or Hedge Transaction entered 
into prior to such date or terms thereof or to conform the Issuer's obligations under the notes with 
the Issuer's rights under any Hedge Transaction. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
and the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such determination. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer, amend 
pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 9.2 any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes other than the applicable Credit Linked Conditions. In particular, the Calculation Agent 
may make such modifications as may be necessary to ensure consistency with any successor 
provisions which are published by ISDA and which supplement or supersede the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (“Successor Provisions”) for the purposes of credit derivatives 
transactions generally (including with respect to transactions which are entered into prior to the 
relevant date of publication and which are outstanding as of that date) and/or may apply and rely 
on determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee made in respect of a 
relevant Reference Entity under any such Successor Provisions notwithstanding any discrepancy 
between the terms of such Successor Provisions and these Credit Linked Conditions. 
9.3 
Delivery of Notices: 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly 
Available Information from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform, or shall 
procure that the Calculation Agent informs the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) provided that any failure or delay in giving such notice to Noteholders shall not affect 
the rights of the Issuer in relation thereto. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee are, as of the date hereof, available on the website of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees (https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/). 
9.4 
Effectiveness of Notices: 
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Condition 9.3 above which is delivered on or prior to 
4:00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered 
after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next 
following London Business Day. 
9.5 
No Event Determination Date: 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 10.2(a)(i)(III) (Effect of DC Resolutions), no Event 
Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the 
extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Physical 
Settlement Date (or, if earlier, a Delivery Date), or the CLN Maturity Date, as applicable, a DC 
No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event. 
9.6 
Excess Amounts: 
If, on a CLN Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount 
has been paid to Noteholders on or prior to such day, then following notification of the 
determination of an Excess Amount to the Issuer and Noteholders in accordance with 19

--- Page 264 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
264 
 
(Notices), the Issuer may deduct on a pari passu and pro rata basis any such Excess Amount from 
future payments in relation to the Notes (whether interest or principal) or may reduce the amount 
of any assets deliverable under the terms of the Notes to the extent that it determines, acting 
reasonably, to be necessary to compensate for such Excess Amount. 
9.7 
Timing: 
Subject to the provisions relating to timing in Credit Linked Condition 9.4 and the definition of 
“Failure to Pay”, in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of a Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight 
shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
10. 
Definitions 
In these Credit Linked Conditions, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, 
any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
“Additional Credit Event” means an additional credit event as defined in the Final Terms. 
“Additional Credit Linked Note Disruption Event” means any of Change in Law, Hedging 
Disruption, and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Additional LPN” means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer, for the sole purpose of providing 
funds for the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a) 
Underlying Loan; or 
(b) 
Underlying Finance Instrument: 
provided that: 
(I) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, 
the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in 
respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to 
such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, 
Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(II) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, 
Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(III) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of the 
LPNs. 
“Additional Obligation” means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or in the relevant “LPN Reference Obligation 
List” as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently 
available at http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php. 
“Additional Provisions” means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA 
for use in the over-the-counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity which may include: 
(a) 
the Additional Provisions for Physically Settled Default Swaps - Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity, as published by ISDA on 21 January 2005; or 
(b) 
any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity.

--- Page 265 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
265 
 
“Affected Entity” has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.3 above. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was 
realized or capable of being realized in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
“Asset Market Value” means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or in any other 
commercially reasonable manner selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of 
combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant 
Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
“Asset Package Credit Event” means: 
(a) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if “Restructuring” is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” is specified in the Final Terms 
as being applicable, a Restructuring. 
In each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that 
are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower 
if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable to 
a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that 
are Loans. 
“Auction” has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.  
“Auction Cancellation Date” has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Auction Covered Transaction” has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or 
the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Issuer in the Auction Settlement Amount 
Notice. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Settlement Amount” means, in relation to any Reference Entity and unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:

--- Page 266 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
266 
 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max [0, [(A x B) – C]] 
Where: 
“A” means the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Credit Linked Notes;  
“B” means the relevant Auction Final Price; and 
“C” means the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Unwind Costs are 
not applicable, in which event “C” means zero). 
“Auction Settlement Amount Notice” means a notice given by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), on or prior to the date 
which is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date specifying: 
(a) 
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which 
the Issuer has elected to apply to the Credit Linked Notes (provided that the Issuer 
may only elect to apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (which it may choose 
in its sole discretion) in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
of “No Auction Announcement Date”); and 
(b) 
the Auction Settlement Amount.  
“Auction Settlement Date” means: 
(a) 
the date that is three CLN Business Days following delivery by the Issuer of the Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices); or 
(b) 
(if the “Settlement Deferral” is specified as applicable) if later, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall be without prejudice to Credit Linked 
Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual). 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 
thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter; or

--- Page 267 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
267 
 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
subparagraphs (a) to (g) above; 
provided however, that if “Modified Russia Definition” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms “Bankruptcy” shall also mean the occurrence at any time with 
respect to a Reference Entity of any one or more of the following events: 
(1) 
institution of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Reference Entity, 
including bankruptcy liquidation (konkursnoye proizvodstvo), and/or a state 
commercial (arbitrazhny) court declares the Reference Entity bankrupt, 
and/or the appointment of bankruptcy manager (konkursniy upravlayuschiy) 
or a similar insolvency official with respect to the Reference Entity; 
(2) 
suspension, cancellation or revocation of a banking licence of the Reference 
Entity; 
(3) 
presentation or filing of a petition in respect of suspension, cancellation or 
revocation of a banking licence of the Reference Entity; 
(4) 
establishment of temporary administration (vremennaya administratsiya) or 
any analogous proceeding with respect to the Reference Entity; 
(5) 
requirement, in cases provided for in the applicable Russian insolvency 
legislation, that the Reference Entity takes any measures for its financial 
rehabilitation (including, without limitation, a change of the asset structure) 
or its reorganisation; 
(6) 
in cases provided for in the applicable Russian insolvency legislation, the 
Central Bank of the Russian Federation or any other judicial, legislative, 
governmental, regulatory or supervisory body in or of the Russian Federation 
(each of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and such other body, a 
“Russian Authority”) appoints an authorised representative, or requires 
reorganisation of the Reference Entity or replacement of any members of its 
board of directors (supervising board) or its management; 
(7) 
establishment by a Russian Authority of prohibitions or limitations on the 
ability of the Reference Entity to conduct any of operations and/or to 
establish branches; 
(8) 
a resolution is passed for liquidation of the Reference Entity by its founders 
(shareholders/participants) or by its governing body, or presentation or filing 
of a petition in a court for liquidation of the Reference Entity on grounds 
provided for in the applicable Russian legislation; 
(9) 
the Reference Entity presents or files a bankruptcy petition or initiates any 
other actions aimed at obtaining a decision on its bankruptcy, or a state 
commercial (arbitrazhny) court accepts for consideration a bankruptcy 
petition in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(10) 
institution of bankruptcy prevention measures with respect to the Reference 
Entity; 
(11) 
any other analogous events, steps, actions or procedures applicable to the 
Reference Entity provided for in the applicable Russian legislation. 
“Basket CLN” means Credit-Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the 
Noteholders in respect of a basket of Reference Entities (other than on an Nth-to-default basis), 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to 
Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money. 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the

--- Page 268 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
268 
 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits 
and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). The definition 
of “Borrowed Money” shall include (i) any term deposit with the Reference Entity; and (ii) Bonds, 
Loans, promissory notes and/or debentures issued by the relevant Reference Entity. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a CLN Business Day; 
(b) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall 
be postponed to the first following day that is a CLN Business Day unless that day falls 
in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that 
is a CLN Business Day; 
(c) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a CLN Business Day; and 
(d) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
“Capped Reference Entity” means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, a Reference 
Entity having a specified Transaction Type in respect of which “60 CLN Business Days Cap on 
Settlement” is expressed as applying in the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, in relation to any Reference Entity an amount in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
below: 
Cash Settlement Amount = Max [0, [(A x B) – C]] 
Where: 
“A” means the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Credit Linked Notes; 
“B” means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Final Price; and 
“C” means the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Unwind Costs are 
not applicable, in which event “C” means zero). 
“Cash Settlement Date” means: 
(a) 
the date that is the number of CLN Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if 
a number of CLN Business Days is not specified, three CLN Business Days) 
immediately following the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price or the 
Final Price (as applicable); or 
(b) 
(if “Settlement Deferral” is specified as applicable) if later, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall be without prejudice to Credit Linked 
Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual). 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining 
the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions 
of the Notes.

--- Page 269 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
269 
 
“CLN Business Day” means in respect of any Reference Entity (a)(i) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places 
and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Final Terms, and/or (ii) a TARGET 
Settlement Day (if “TARGET Settlement Day” is specified in the relevant Final Terms), or (b) if 
a place or places or such terms are not so specified, (i) if the Notes are denominated in the euro, 
a TARGET Settlement Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the currency of denomination of the Notes, provided that if a Transaction Type is 
specified as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity in the Final Terms, a CLN Business Day 
in respect of such Reference Entity shall be each 'Business Day' specified for such Transaction 
Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix (by reference to the Specified Currency), 
“CLN Dealer” means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may be) for 
which quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the 
Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Noteholder or its Affiliate or as may otherwise be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“CLN Early Redemption Amount” means a fair market value of the Notes, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to (i) credit spreads of the relevant Reference Entities published by market makers and (ii) 
the yield to maturity of the Notes. 
“CLN Maturity Date” means either: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
where the Issuer delivers an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity to 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on 
the date falling two London Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date,  (or, if 
Maturity Payment Deferral is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 11.00 am 
(local time) on the Scheduled Maturity Date), either: 
(i) 
the date falling two Business Days after the expiry of the Notice Delivery 
Period (or, if later, after the latest date on which it would be possible for the 
Calculation Agent to deliver a Credit Event Notice); or 
(ii) 
if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the 
expiry of the Notice Delivery Period in relation to a Reference Entity and 
unless otherwise elected by the Issuer by written notice to the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders, the date falling 15 Business Days following any 
date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
that the relevant event does not constitute a Credit Event, or Resolves not to 
make such determination. 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and 
the Delivery Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or 
the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant 
obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is 
required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable 
Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
this definition of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”. 
“Conditions to Settlement” means, in relation to any Reference Entity: 
(a) 
the occurrence of an Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement (or Physical 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the delivery of the Notice 
of Physical Settlement on or following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
and that is effective on or prior to the NOPS Cut-off Date, to the extent that, unless

--- Page 270 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
270 
 
otherwise elected by the Issuer by written notice to the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders, such Event Determination Date is not subsequently reversed prior to the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Delivery Date or the CLN 
Maturity Date, as applicable, 
provided however that the Conditions to Settlement shall not be satisfied with respect to any 
Nth-to-Default Credit-Linked Note until an Event Determination Date has occurred with respect 
to the Nth Reference Entity. 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 'Deliverable 
Obligation'. 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the 
relevant borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if specified 
as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within the Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are Loans. 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from 
time to time. 
“Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and, in 
addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes in the Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional Provisions.  
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit 
derivative transactions incorporating the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA. 
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental 
Intervention or Additional Credit Event as specified with respect to a Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or 
indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or 
any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which may be in writing (including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone)) that describes 
a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the

--- Page 271 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
271 
 
Extension Date. Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event 
other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in respect of the full relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which: 
(a) 
the DC Credit Event Question was effective; and 
(b) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of 
Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Currency Amount” means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice (as applicable) or a selected Valuation Obligation that is 
denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted 
to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the 
Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, 
an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the 
Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment 
Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount 
into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
“Currency Rate” means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of conversion between 
the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable is denominated that is 
either: 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, 
the Revised Currency Rate. 
“Currency Rate Source” means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of a Notional 
Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or 
prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled

--- Page 272 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
272 
 
Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure 
to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiatio n/M oratorium Evaluation Date. 
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes 
a Credit Event for purposes of a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not 
constitute a Credit Event for purposes of a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction. 
“DC Resolution” means a resolution made by a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee or, if the context requires, the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
“DC Secretary” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all 
equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the Issuer or the Noteholders, as 
the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, 
without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event” or right of set-off 
by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor); provided that (i) if a 
Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, “Deliver” means to create (or procure the 
creation of) a participation in favour of the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, and (ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, “Deliver” means to Deliver both the Underlying 
Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, (A) 
“Deliver” means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap and (B) those claims shall be deemed to be 
Deliverable Obligations for purposes of any physical settlement. “Delivery” and “Delivered” will 
be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of 
the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, in the case of a Loan, the Issuer and each Noteholder 
agrees to comply, for the purposes of the settlement of the Credit Linked Notes with the provisions 
of any documentation (which term shall be deemed to include any market advisory that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such purpose) 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as 
such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment

--- Page 273 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
273 
 
obligations of the parties hereunder. The Issuer agrees, and each Noteholder is deemed to further 
agree, that compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of any such documentation shall be 
required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this definition 
(to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be 
effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be permitted to request that any party 
take nor shall the Issuer or any Noteholder be required to take, any action or make any payment 
in connection with such Delivery, as applicable, unless otherwise contemplated by such 
documentation. 
“Deliverable Obligation” means, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 8.1, 8.2 and 8.3: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) described by the applicable Deliverable Obligation Category and having 
each of the applicable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, as of the Delivery 
Date as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for purposes of sub-paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event). 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. If 
any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct 
Loan Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. No 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligations Only. 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer as specified in relation 
to a Reference Entity. 
“Deliverable Obligation Provisions”, in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set 
forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Deliverable Obligation Terms”, in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth 
in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Delivery Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
on which such Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is Delivered (or deemed Delivered, as 
applicable). 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in 
favour of each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller 
for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such 
participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and either: 
(a) 
the Issuer (to the extent that the Issuer or is then a lender or member of the relevant 
lending syndicate); or 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation 
Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate).

--- Page 274 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
274 
 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of: 
(a) 
the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if the Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) 
is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion 
of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) 
payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms 
of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation 
are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (B) the 
Valuation Date, as applicable.). 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
“Eligible Transferee” means each of the following: 
(a) 
each of: 
(i) 
any bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
an insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
a mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than 
an entity described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
a registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 
million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge 
fund, issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or 
other special purpose vehicle) that: 
(A) 
has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(B) 
is one of a group of investment vehicles under common 
control or management having, in aggregate, total assets of at 
least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, 
or other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) 
hereof; and

--- Page 275 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
275 
 
(d) 
   
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, 
the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, 
and where references in this definition to U.S.$ include such equivalent amounts in other 
currencies as may be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Event Determination Date” means with a respect to a Credit Event and a Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor 
(B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to 
the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a)(i) above, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if: 
(A) 
“Auction Settlement” is the applicable Settlement Method; and 
(B) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and is effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off 
Date; or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and is effective during either the Notice 
Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen calendar 
days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if: 
(A) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; and 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
“Auction Settlement” is not the applicable Settlement 
Method; or 
(II) 
“Auction Settlement” is the applicable Settlement 
Method and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and is effective on a 
date that is later than the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(iii) 
no Physical Settlement Date, Cash Settlement Date or CLN Maturity Date 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs; 
(iv) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or 
prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only 
with respect to the portion of the outstanding principal amount of each 
Note, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and

--- Page 276 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
276 
 
(v) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer, (A) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event 
Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the 
occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (B) unless, and 
to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event 
Notice was less than the outstanding relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount, or (C) unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an 
Auction Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the 
Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction. 
“Excess Amount” means any amount paid to the Noteholders but which was not due on the 
Notes, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement or a Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which the amount in question would otherwise 
have been required to be paid. 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Excluded Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Senior Transaction” are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated 
Obligation; and 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Subordinated Transaction” are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 8.1. 
“Exercise Cut-off Date” means the date that is the later of: 
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(b) 
15 CLN Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(c) 
15 CLN Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(d) 
the date that is 15 CLN Business Days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any. 
 “Extended Physical Settlement Date” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th CLN Business Day following 
the Physical Settlement Date (the “60th CLN Settlement Date”), provided that if, 
under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the Original Bonds and Original Loans, may 
not be received by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or before the 60th CLN 
Settlement Date but the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may, in accordance with the 
terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain such Original Bonds or 
such Original Loans or other Bonds or Loans in lieu thereof on or before the date 
falling three CLN Business Days (in a case where Original Bonds may be received or 
otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) or ten CLN Business 
Days (in a case where Original Loans or other Loans or Bonds in lieu thereof may 
be received or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) after 
the 60th CLN Settlement Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up

--- Page 277 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
277 
 
to three CLN Business Days or ten CLN Business Days, respectively, after the original 
60th CLN Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Calculation Agent may 
determine, in its absolute discretion; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent 
may determine in its absolute discretion, provided that such date falls no later than the 
120th CLN Business Day following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of 
such determination, such 120th CLN Business Day. 
“Extension Date” means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any Reference 
Entity; 
(ii) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to such 
Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof; 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if: 
(i) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (c) of the 
definition thereof. 
“Extension Notice” means a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders 
giving notice of the following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has 
occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(d) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period. 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the 
Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of 
such Obligations at the time of such failure. If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on 
its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure 
to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to 
constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or 
amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Notwithstanding the above, if “Modified Definition” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the following definition shall apply: “Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of 
any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by any Reference Entity to fulfil its obligations 
under any agreement (including obligations under any securities repurchase and/or securities

--- Page 278 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
278 
 
lending and/or securities buy-sell back agreements) in the aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement. 
“Fallback Settlement Event” means: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition 
thereof, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
has occurred on or prior to the date falling three CLN Business Days after such Event 
Determination Date; or 
(e) 
an Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (b)(ii)(B)(II) 
of the definition of Event Determination Date. 
“Fallback Settlement Method” means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
“Final List” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Final List Publication Date” means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last 
Final List in respect of such Credit Event, if any, is published by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determination Committee. 
“Final Price” means either (i) the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any 
Valuation Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, expressed as a 
percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
determined in accordance with the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or 
otherwise in accordance with the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to the Relevant Valuation 
Date or (ii) such other number specified, expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount specified in the Final Terms, in each case. 
“First Ranking Interest” means an Interest which is expressed as being “first ranking”, “first 
priority”, or similar (“First Ranking”) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding 
that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
“Full Quotation” means each firm bid quotation obtained from a CLN Dealer at the Valuation 
Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable 
Obligation or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the 
consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, 
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition 
of “Fully Transferable Obligation”. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto.

--- Page 279 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
279 
 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which 
is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(b) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(c) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(d) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above. 
For purposes of the above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations 
for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee.  
Notwithstanding the above, if “Modified Definition” is specified to apply in the relevant Final 
Terms, the following definition shall apply: “Governmental Intervention” means that when any 
of the Reference Entity's borrowings or, where applicable, guarantees, are restructured in such a 
way as to adversely affect a creditor (such as a reduction or postponement of the interest or 
principal payable on a bond or a loan), are expropriated or amended in such a way that the 
beneficial holder is changed or are mandatorily cancelled, converted or exchanged or any similar 
event occurs with respect thereto, in each case as a result of Governmental Authority action or 
announcement pursuant to or by means of a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or 
similar). 
Where “Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the 
financial markets (including the central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of 
organisation of a Reference Entity. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c), the applicable grace period with respect to 
payments under and in accordance with the relevant Obligation under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred;

--- Page 280 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
280 
 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is applicable in relation to the Reference Entity, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and 
the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified, 
thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire 
no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity in 
the Final Terms as applicable pursuant to the relevant Transaction Type; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the date 
that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to 
Pay. 
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
“Hedge Disruption Event” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
“Hedge Transaction” means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or 
positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge its exposure with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Notes. 
“Illegality” means an occurrence of an event or a circumstance whereby the performance, solely 
for the purposes of Credit Event, of a Reference Obligation by a Reference Entity becomes 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re- 
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Indicative Quotation” shall mean each bid quotation obtained from a CLN Dealer at the 
Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable 
Obligation equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such CLN Dealer’s reasonable

--- Page 281 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
281 
 
assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation based on such factors as such CLN 
Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
“Interest” means, for the purposes of the definition of “First Ranking Interest”, a charge, security 
interest or other type of interest having similar effect. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
thereto). 
“Largest Asset Package” means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If, in the sole 
determination of the Calculation Agent, this cannot be reasonably determined, the Largest Asset 
Package will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realizable value, determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to it in the definition of 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
“Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date” means, in respect of partial cash settlement due 
to a Potential Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date 
and, in respect of Partial Cash Settlement (as specified in the Final Terms) in respect of a 
Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans, the date that is 15 CLN Business Days after the 
Physical Settlement Date. 
“Legacy Reference Entity” has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 
6.2(b) above. 
“Limitation Date” means, in respect of a Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the first of March 
20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following the 
date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 
“2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years (the “5-year Limitation Date”), 7.5 years, 10 years (the 
“10-year Limitation Date”), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years (the “20-year Limitation Date”), 
as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment unless otherwise provided in 
the Final Terms. 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange 
and, if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds or, if 
specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listing Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation 
Category that are Bonds. 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that 
is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“London Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
“LPN” means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
“LPN Issuer” means, in respect of any LPN, the entity which issued the relevant LPN. 
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance 
an Underlying Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference 
Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from 
constituting a Reference Obligation. 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years). 
“Merger Event” means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or

--- Page 282 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
282 
 
amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference 
Entity, the Issuer or a Reference Entity or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
“Merger Event Redemption Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Minimum Quotation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no such amount is so specified, 
the lower of: 
(a) 
U.S.$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and 
(b) 
the Quotation Amount. 
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod 
R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
“No Auction Announcement Date”, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Credit Linked Notes, 
for purposes of settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which 
the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that 
the Issuer could specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement (provided that if more than one 
such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). 
The Issuer will determine which Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, apply with respect to 
the Credit Linked Notes. If the Issuer does not notify the Calculation Agent of its intention to 
exercise the Movement Option on or prior to the day falling one CLN Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to the Issuer (or such other date as the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved), the Credit Linked Notes will be settled in 
accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more 
than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of 
the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event, provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy this 
requirement. 
“N” or “Nth” means, where the relevant Final Terms specify that “Nth-to-Default CLN” is 
applicable, such number as may be specified in such Final Terms. 
“Next Currency Fixing Time” means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPs 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of Valuation 
Obligations. 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit 
Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published; or

--- Page 283 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
283 
 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following 
a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, 
in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel 
Auctions will be held. 
“Non-Capped Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity which is not a Capped Reference 
Entity. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
'Deliverable Obligation' on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the 
date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable. 
“Non-Financial Instrument” means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified for such Reference Entity or, if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has been determined for such Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
such Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Transferable Instrument” means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
“NOPS Amendment Notice” means a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent notifying 
it, that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the 
extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS 
Amendment Notice is effective) or the detailed description(s) thereof. 
“NOPS Cut-off Date” means, subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 2.5 
(Suspension of Obligations): 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if 
any (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth 
calendar day after the Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if “Physical Settlement” is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 'Fallback Settlement Event' 
and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or 
the No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to sub-
paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) of the definition of 'No Auction 
Announcement Date', as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(I) 
the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
above; and

--- Page 284 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
284 
 
(II) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a 
No 
Auction Announcement Date 
occurring pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of 
the 
definition 
of 
'No 
Auction 
Announcement Date', if any; 
(y) 
a 
No 
Auction Announcement Date 
occurring pursuant to sub-paragraph (c)(i) of 
the definition of 'No Auction Announcement 
Date', if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if 
more than one should occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical 
Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business Day 
immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if 
any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(I) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
sub- paragraph (b) of the definition of 'No Auction 
Announcement Date' and such Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction has not been subject to exercise 
of the Movement Option; or 
(II) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
sub- paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition of 'No Auction 
Announcement Date' and such Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction has not been subject to exercise 
of the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
above and further provided that the NOPS Cut-off Date may be adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent using its discretion in order to match any Hedge Transaction. 
“NOPS Effective Date” means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Issuer. 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Not Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable 
only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency. 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action 
having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law. 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or 
(B) any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European

--- Page 285 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
285 
 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as “Paris Club debt”. 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation 
or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date 15 CLN Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final 
Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring and either 
“Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified in the Final Terms, the later of: 
(a) 
such date; and 
(b) 
the date that is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date). 
“Notice of Physical Settlement” means a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and 
Noteholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to settle the Notes and requires performance 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement), (b) contains a detailed 
description of each Deliverable Obligation that Issuer intends to Deliver to Noteholders, 
including, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such identifying number 
is not available or applicable, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation and (c) 
specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the 
equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the “Outstanding Amount”) and, if 
different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and the aggregate Outstanding 
Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that Issuer 
intends to Deliver to Noteholders (the “Aggregate Outstanding Amount”). 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent (which may be by telephone) to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. 
The notice must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly 
Available Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as 
applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
“Notional Credit Derivative Transaction” means, with respect to any Credit Linked Note and a 
Reference Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into by 
the Issuer, as Buyer (as defined in the Credit Derivatives Definitions), incorporating the terms of 
the Credit Derivatives Definitions and under the terms of which: 
(a) 
the “Trade Date” is the Trade Date, if specified in the Final Terms and if not, the 
Issue Date; 
(b) 
the “Scheduled Termination Date” is the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(c) 
the “Reference Entit(y)(ies)” thereunder is(are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
(d) 
the applicable “Transaction Type”, if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes 
of such Credit Linked Note; and 
(e) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit 
Linked Note as it relates to such Reference Entity. 
The terms as to credit linkage of the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction in limb (e) above shall 
be deemed to be consistent with the Credit Linked Note if a Credit Event under the Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction could also constitute a Credit Event under the Credit Linked Note and a 
Deliverable Obligation under the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction could also constitute a 
Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (as applicable) under the Credit Linked Note.

--- Page 286 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
286 
 
“Nth-to-Default CLN” means any First-to-Default CLN or any other nth-to-default Credit 
Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two 
or more Reference Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) described by the applicable Obligation Category and having each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics, if any, in each case, immediately prior to the 
relevant Credit Event as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Original Bonds” means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
“Original Loans” means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations.  
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means, in relation to a Reference Entity, the 
obligation of such Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is 
specified as the Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (if 
any is so specified) provided that, if an obligation is not an obligation of such Reference Entity, 
such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the relevant Notional Credit Derivative Transaction (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not 
Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) expressed otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (b) the relevant Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade. 
“Outstanding Amount” means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means in relation to an obligation an amount calculated as 
follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable, the Reference Entity's accrued but 
unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower 
of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference 
Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed 
Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted

--- Page 287 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
287 
 
Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (i) above less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, the “Non-Contingent 
Amount”); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect 
on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended 
after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the 
Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue 
price or accrued value of the obligation). 
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on 
its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally 
effective. 
“Parallel Auction” means “Auction” as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means “Auction Cancellation Date” as defined in any 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect 
to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction and 
for which such Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction Covered 
Transaction. 
“Partial Cash Settlement Amount” means, where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical 
Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate, for each 
Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(a) 
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations multiplied by; 
(b) 
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant 
Notice of Physical Settlement. 
“Partial Cash Settlement Date” means the date falling three CLN Business Days (unless 
otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) after the calculation of the Final Price. 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligations” has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction.

--- Page 288 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
288 
 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity 
from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute 
a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms;  
(vi) 
provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the 
proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement 
of security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation 
that remains outstanding following the disposal of specified assets and/or the 
enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and in each case the 
application of the resulting proceeds; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
“Physical Settlement Adjustment” means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable 
Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, by an 
amount of Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Unwind Costs (only if 
positive) rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a Deliverable Obligation, such 
amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable 
Final Terms specifies that Unwind Costs are not applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment 
shall be zero. 
“Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount” means an amount (if any) equal to the 
difference between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation 
value of such whole number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by the 
Issuer by way of compensation for any Unwind Costs. 
“Physical Settlement Date” means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the NOPS Cut-off Date as the Calculation Agent may designate in its sole discretion 
provided that if the Final Price has not been determined by the CLN Business Day immediately 
preceding the Physical Settlement Date, the Physical Settlement Date shall be the first CLN 
Business Day after the Final Price is determined. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on 
or before the day so designated, the date that Delivery of such Deliverable Obligations is 
completed shall be deemed to be the Physical Settlement Date. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means the “Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix”, as 
most recently amended and supplemented as at the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in 
respect of a Reference Entity) and as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto), provided that any reference therein to: 
(a) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be a reference to the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 289 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
289 
 
(b) 
“Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount” shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Specified Currency; 
(c) 
“Section 3.3 of the Definitions” shall be deemed to be a reference to “Credit Event 
Notice” as defined in these Credit Linked Conditions; 
(d) 
“Section 3.9” shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Linked Condition 8.1; and 
(e) 
“Section 8.6” shall be deemed to be a reference to “Physical Settlement Period” as 
defined in these Credit Linked Conditions. 
“Physical Settlement Period” means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2.4, the number of 
CLN Business Days specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of CLN 
Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest 
number of CLN Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of 
such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer 
has notified the Calculation Agent and Noteholders that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in 
lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement 
Period shall be thirty CLN Business Days. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is sixteen calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end 
of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date). 
“Potential Cash Settlement Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain any requisite 
consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such requisite consents or 
any relevant participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not effected; or due to any 
law, regulation or court order, but excluding markets conditions or any contractual, statutory 
and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or due to the failure 
of the Noteholder to give the Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or a failure of the 
Noteholder to open or procure the opening of such accounts or if the Noteholders are unable to 
accept Delivery of the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations for any other reason). 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any 
grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in 
subparagraph (a) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified 
as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in sub 
paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 'Deliverable Obligation', in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently 
applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or 
prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity.

--- Page 290 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
290 
 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of 'Credit Event' or 
right of setoff by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such source is specified in the Final Terms, each of Bloomberg, 
Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai 
Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos and The 
Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
“Publicly Available Information” means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that 
the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a 
Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred 
and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources, regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information 
provided that, if either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any of its 
respective Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such information, then such 
information shall not be deemed to be Publicly Available Information 
unless either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is 
acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent or paying agent, facility agent or agent bank (or any equivalent role) for 
an Obligation; 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity (or 
for a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental 
capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such 
Sovereign) or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, 
however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraph(ii) or (iii) 
above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if 
it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
(b) 
In relation to any information of any type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) or 
(iii) above, the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the party disclosing such information has 
not taken any action or entered into any agreement, understanding or other restriction 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties. 
(c) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in both sub-paragraphs (a)(i) and (ii) of the definition 
of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
(d) 
Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of “Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of 
Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity; and

--- Page 291 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
291 
 
(ii) 
that such occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity 
in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, 
undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts 
which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation 
for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee 
of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under 
the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter 
of credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as 
a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each 
case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting 
or 
anticipating a 
Governmental 
Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 'Bankruptcy' in respect of the 
Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with 
the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
“Qualifying Participation Seller” means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be 
no Qualifying Participation Seller.

--- Page 292 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
292 
 
“Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had 
become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at 
the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount. 
“Quotation” means, in respect of Reference Obligations, Deliverable Obligations and 
Undeliverable Obligations, as the case may be, means each Full Quotation and the Weighted 
Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Reference Obligation's 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Reference 
Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as applicable, with respect to a 
Relevant Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Relevant Valuation Date from five or more CLN Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same CLN Business 
Day within three CLN Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each CLN Business Day thereafter until 
the tenth CLN Business Day following the Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more CLN Dealers and, if 
two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same CLN Business Day on or prior to the tenth CLN 
Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date, the Quotations shall 
be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a CLN Dealer at the Valuation Time 
on such tenth CLN Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted 
average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as applicable, obtained from CLN Dealers at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth CLN Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed 
to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were 
not obtained on such day. 
“Quotation Amount” means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligation, the amount specified in relation to a Reference 
Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference 
to the Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained); 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior 
to the Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) above) of such Deliverable 
Obligation; and 
(c) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (a) 
above) of such Undeliverable Obligation. 
“Reference Entity” or “Reference Entities” means the reference entity or reference entities 
specified in the Final Terms. Any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(a) 
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of “Successor” 
on or following the Trade Date; or 
(b) 
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request 
Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference Entity for the Credit 
Linked Notes, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to the provisions described in 
Credit Linked Condition 6.

--- Page 293 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
293 
 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means the amount in which the Issuer has purchased 
credit protection in respect of one or more Reference Entities, as set out in the Final Terms (or, if 
no such amount is specified, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes divided by the number 
of Reference Entities), subject to Credit Linked Condition 6. 
“Reference Obligation” means: 
(a) 
the Reference Obligation specified in relation to a Reference Entity (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, if the relevant Final Terms provide that LPN Reference Entity is 
applicable, any LPN Reference Obligation and any Additional Obligation); 
(b) 
any Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified in the related Final Terms, the 
Reference Obligation will be the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified on the list of Standard Reference Obligations as 
published by ISDA (or by a third party designated by ISDA) from time to time as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion (the “Standard Reference 
Obligation”). If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Standard Reference 
Obligation is removed from the list published by ISDA, such obligation shall cease to 
be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the “Not Subordinated” 
Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) 
and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, such obligation is subsequently replaced on the list published by 
ISDA, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the 
Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation; or 
(d) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms (or no election is specified in the relevant Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the 
Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such 
date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published 
would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Reference Obligation Only Trade” means the relevant Notional Credit Derivative Transaction 
for a Reference Entity in respect of which (a) “Reference Obligation Only” is specified as the 
Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category for such Reference Entity in the 
applicable Final Terms and (b) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable for 
such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics or, as the case may be, Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable where Reference Obligation Only applies. 
“Reference Price” means the percentage specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, if 
a percentage is not so specified, 100 per cent. 
“Related Disposal Period” means the period from (and including) the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event Date to (and including) the number of Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the Automatic Early Redemption Event Date. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is 
specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
“Relevant Obligations” means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior 
to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that:

--- Page 294 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
294 
 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of 
its Affiliates, or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the 
determination required to be made under sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of 'Successor', make the appropriate adjustments required to take account 
of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased 
or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first 
succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Senior Transaction” are 
specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, the Relevant Obligations 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”; and 
(iv) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Subordinated Transaction” are 
specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, Relevant Obligations 
shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations 
of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond 
or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, “Relevant 
Obligations” shall have the same meaning as it would if “Senior 
Transaction” were specified as applicable in the related Final Terms; 
(b) 
where “LPN Reference Entity” is applicable to a Reference Entity, each of the 
obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of such Reference Entity in the relevant 
“LPN Reference Obligation List” as published by Markit Group Limited, or any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php, any Additional LPN, and each 
Additional Obligation. 
“Relevant Valuation Date” means the Settlement Valuation Date, Valuation Date or 
Undeliverable Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
“Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount” means the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced. 
“Replacement Deliverable Obligation” means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the 
Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 4, Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of each 
original Deliverable Obligation which has not been Delivered as at the date of such NOPS 
Amendment Notice. 
“Replacement Reference Entity” means an entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same Transaction Type as 
the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality than the Legacy 
Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant succession provided that in selecting any 
Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Noteholders, 
the Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria 
specified above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the 
Successors. In making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the 
Noteholders, the Issuer or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its 
Affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges 
the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; or

--- Page 295 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
295 
 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether 
de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect 
to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/M oratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date: 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include 
Bonds, the date that is the later of: 
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/ 
Moratorium; and 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable 
Grace Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not 
include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later 
than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” means a condition which is satisfied (i) if the 
DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (ii) otherwise, 
by the delivery by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and Noteholders of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified as not applicable in the related Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition 
will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, 
the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Notional Credit Derivative Transaction 
with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that 
such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent and Noteholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. 
The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” 
shall be interpreted accordingly. 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred.

--- Page 296 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
296 
 
“Restructuring” means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) 
by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders 
of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an 
exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as 
of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium 
to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the 
case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the 
euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above, none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other 
currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no 
reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, 
as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical 
adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of sub- paragraph (a)(v) above only, no such deterioration 
in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is 
required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.

--- Page 297 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
297 
 
For purposes of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above and the definition of 'Multiple Holder 
Obligation', the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph (a) above shall be 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in sub- 
paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date provided 
that, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity 
date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such 
Restructured Bond or Loan, a “Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the 
Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
“Revised Currency Rate” means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that 
is determined either: 
(a) 
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
which shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) “Senior 
Level” or “Subordinated Level” as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (b) if no such 
seniority level is specified in the relevant Final Terms, “Senior Level” if the Original Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or “Subordinated Level” if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) “Senior 
Level”. 
“Settlement Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
no currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
“Settlement Method” means the settlement method specified as such in the Final Terms and if 
no Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
“Settlement Valuation Date” means the date being three CLN Business Days prior to the 
Delivery Date provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice (as 
applicable) is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after the third CLN Business Day 
prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Settlement Valuation Date shall be the date which is 
three CLN Business Days after such Notice of Physical Settlement is given. 
“Single Reference Entity CLN” means Credit Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from the Noteholders in respect of only one Reference Entity. 
“Solvency Capital Provisions” means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced 
or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital 
resources of a particular tier.

--- Page 298 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
298 
 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the paragraph (a) of the definition 
Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally 
effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
similar event. 
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the 
euro is a Specified Currency, “Specified Currency” shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the obligation of 
such Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on 
the SRO List, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. If, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the Standard Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity is 
removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the Reference Obligation for such 
Reference Entity (other than for purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or 
“Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity unless and until, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation 
for such Reference Entity. 
“Standard Specified Currencies” means the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall 
mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole) (and each a “Standard 
Specified Currency”). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or 
more entities. 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the “First 
Obligation”), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganization or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
“Subordinated” will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether 
Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law 
or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be

--- Page 299 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
299 
 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of 
law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of 
the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority 
of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and “Standard Reference Obligation” is applicable, then the priority of 
payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such 
ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the original Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the original Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already 
been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the 
date of such DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under sub-paragraphs (a)(i) or (iii) of the definition 
of 'Substitution Event' have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the “Not Subordinated” Obligation 
Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-
paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition 
of 'Substitution Event' has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under 
sub-paragraphs (a)(i) or (a)(iii) of the definition of 'Substitution Event' occur with 
respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of 
the date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the 
priority of payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of 'Deliverable Obligation'; or if no such 
obligation is available; 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with sub- paragraph (a) of the definition of 
'Deliverable Obligation'; 
(B) 
if the original Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 300 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
300 
 
(I) 
is 
a 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available; 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of 'Deliverable Obligation'; or if no such 
obligation is available; 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if 
no such obligation is available; 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with sub- paragraph (a) of the definition of 
'Deliverable Obligation'; or 
(C) 
if the original Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non- Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if 
no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is 
a 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of 'Deliverable Obligation'; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with sub- paragraph (a) of the definition of 
'Deliverable Obligation'. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to 
the process described in sub-paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be 
the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Credit Linked Notes, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of 
the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been 
identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (c) and the Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall replace the original Reference Obligation immediately upon such 
notification. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the original Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available for the original Reference Obligation, then, subject to sub-paragraph (a) 
and notwithstanding the fact that the original Reference Obligation may have ceased 
to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraph (b), the Calculation 
Agent shall use reasonable commercial efforts to continue to attempt to identify the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that such Substitute Reference Obligation has been 
identified in accordance with the definition of 'Substitute Reference Obligation'. 
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to the original Reference Obligation (other than a 
Standard Reference Obligation): 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole;

--- Page 301 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
301 
 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non- 
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee), 
and for the purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP number or ISIN or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i) 
or (ii) above, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final 
succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination of the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of “Successor” would not be affected by any 
further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a 
Successor. 
“Successor” means, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, in relation to any Reference Entity, each 
Successor that ISDA has publicly announced, including prior to the Trade Date, that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved is a Successor to the original 
Reference Entity on or following the Successor Backstop Date in accordance with the DC Rules; 
or if no Successor has been identified by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly 
or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent or more 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the 
sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent (but less than seventy-five per 
cent) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 
twenty- five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent 
of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference 
Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity

--- Page 302 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
302 
 
continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will 
not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of 
Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor; and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity 
assumes all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) 
of the Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (A) the 
Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity 
has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since 
the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the “Universal 
Successor”) will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it becomes aware of the existence of the relevant Successor, any 
Successor or Successors; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such 
determination if, at the time of determination, ISDA has publicly announced that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is 
no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be 
made in relation to the determination of any Successor or Successors on the basis of 
Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer of any such calculation or determination 
as soon as practicable. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a 
Successor, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of 
which the Succession Date occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(d) 
For purposes of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above, “succeed” means, with respect to 
the Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the 
Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether 
by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, 
pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the “Exchange Bonds 
or Loans”) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the 
Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or 
Loans, as applicable. For purposes of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above, “succeeded” and 
“succession” shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant

--- Page 303 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
303 
 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(f) 
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a 
Relevant Obligation (the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation 
of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to 
such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor the date that is ninety calendar 
days prior to the Trade Date provided however that the Successor Backstop Date may be 
adjusted by the Calculation Agent using its discretion in order to match any Hedge Transaction. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective. 
“Surviving Reference Entity” has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 
6.2(b) above. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a 
related Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in 
respect of such Credit Event and in respect of which the relevant Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
“Transaction Type” means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each “Transaction 
Type” specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
“Undeliverable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice (as applicable) which, on the Settlement Date for such 
Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without 
limitation, failure by the Noteholder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-
receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is impracticable, 
impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Settlement Date. 
“Undeliverable Valuation Date” means the date that is five CLN Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Extended Physical Settlement Date.

--- Page 304 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
304 
 
“Underlying Finance Instrument” means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the 
Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
“Underlying Loan” means a loan advanced to the Reference Entity by an LPN Issuer. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of 
a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
“Unwind Costs” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if “Standard 
Unwind Costs” are specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the absence of any such 
specification), an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and 
duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of 
the Credit Linked Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge 
Transaction, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the principal amount of each Credit 
Linked Note outstanding. 
“Valuation Date” means: 
(a) 
any CLN Business Day falling in the period between the 5th and the 122nd CLN 
Business Day following the Event Determination Date, or, following any Auction 
Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later CLN Business Day 
(in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
or 
(b) 
if “Cash Settlement” is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any CLN Business 
Day falling between the 5th and the 122nd CLN Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction 
Announcement Date, such later CLN Business Day (in each case, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); or 
(c) 
if Partial Cash Settlement applies, the date which is up to fifteen CLN Business Days 
after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion). 
“Valuation Obligation” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Guarantee or, as the case may be, Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee), which would constitute a “Deliverable Obligation” if Physical Settlement 
were the applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of 
a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, as selected by the Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion on the applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such 
purpose: 
(a) 
any reference to the words “Delivery Date” or “NOPS Effective Date” in the definitions 
of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”, “Deliverable Obligation”, within any of 
the terms comprising “Deliverable Obligation Category” or “Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic” and “Due and Payable Amount” shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
words “Relevant Valuation Date”;  
(b) 
the deletion of the words “being Delivered” in the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation”; and 
(c) 
in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal 
Balance", "Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of 
"Final Price", "Full Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted 
Average Quotation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Outstanding 
Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". 
“Valuation Obligations Portfolio” means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference 
Entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Principal

--- Page 305 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
305 
 
Balance selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion provided that the 
aggregate of such Outstanding Principal Balances (or in each case the equivalent in the Specified 
Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and 
including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion)), shall not exceed the relevant Reference 
Entity Notional Amount. 
If “Valuation Obligation: Include Non-Affected Reference Entities” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being Applicable, for the purposes of determining the Cash Settlement Amount 
and the Final Price, the Issuer shall in its sole and absolute discretion select any one or more 
obligations that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation in respect of any Reference Entity 
(notwithstanding that such obligation may be an obligation of a Reference Entity other than the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Event Determination Date occurred) and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no time is so 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
“Voting Shares” means those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
“Weighted Average Final Price” means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for 
each selected Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the 
Currency Amount of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement Currency, 
converted by the Calculation Agent, in a commercially reasonable manner, by reference to 
exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination). 
“Weighted Average Quotation” means the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained 
from CLN Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an 
amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the 
case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but of a size at least equal to 
the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation 
Amount. 
11. 
Amendments to the Conditions 
11.1 
Amendments to Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be amended as follows: 
(a) 
In the third last paragraph of Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), the reference 
to “the Calculation Amount” shall be deleted and replaced with “the daily average of 
the outstanding nominal amount corresponding to the Calculation Amount”. 
(b) 
In the second last paragraph of Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes), 
the reference to “each Calculation Amount” shall be deleted and replaced with “each 
relevant daily average of the outstanding nominal amount corresponding to such 
Calculation Amount”. 
(c) 
In paragraphs (B) of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and 
Calculation of Interest Amount) and Condition 5(c)(iii) (Determination of Rate of 
Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount), the reference to “the Calculation 
Amount” shall be deleted and replaced with “the daily average of the outstanding 
nominal amount corresponding to the Calculation Amount”. 
(d) 
In the last paragraphs of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and 
Calculation of Interest Amount) and Condition 5(c)(iii) (Determination of Rate of 
Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount), in each case following paragraph (B)

--- Page 306 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
306 
 
thereof, “each relevant daily average of the outstanding nominal amount corresponding 
to such Calculation Amount”. 
(e) 
In Condition (j) (Interest on Partly Paid Notes), the reference to “paid-up nominal 
amount of such Notes” shall be deleted and replaced with “the daily average of the 
nominal amount paid up and outstanding of such Notes”. 
(f) 
In Condition 5(k) (Interest Payments), the third sentence thereof shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
“If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual 
to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption 
or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not 
applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of which the relevant 
Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of 
such Note (or if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Preceding IPED 
is applicable, interest will cease to accrue from and including the Interest Period End 
Date (“IPED”) immediately preceding (A) the date on which notice is given for the 
early redemption of such Note or (B) if there is no such notice, the due date for early 
redemption of such Note).”. 
(g) 
Condition 6(a) (Scheduled Redemption) shall be amended by adding the following 
immediately before the end thereof: 
“Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms”. 
12. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement 
In respect of each Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, unless "NTCE Supplement" is stated 
to be not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), from 
(and including) (A) the Implementation Date (as defined in the ISDA 2019 NTCE Protocol 
published by ISDA on August 27, 2019 on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto)); or (B) in the case of Notes referencing Reference Entities comprising a CDX 
index or iTraxx index (whether tranched or untranched) which has an index annex date (or 
analogous date) that is prior to such Implementation Date, the Trade Date: 
(a) 
in respect of each such Reference Entity, each of "Fallback Discounting" and "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" shall be deemed to be applicable in the related Final Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable); and 
(b) 
the Credit Linked Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
(i) 
the definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” in Credit Linked Condition 
10 (Definitions) above shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
““Outstanding Principal Balance” means in relation to an obligation an amount 
calculated as follows: 
(a)  
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the 
Reference Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable, the 
Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, 
in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity 
were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed 
Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to 
the terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) 
may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by 
way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount 
determined in sub-paragraph (i) above less any amounts subtracted in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, the “Non-Contingent Amount”); 
and

--- Page 307 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
307 
 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute 
the Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation 
in effect on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the 
obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, 
the Delivery Date), or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (c)(ii) above, "applicable laws" shall include any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the 
relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), then notwithstanding the above, if (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-
paragraph (c)(ii) above, (B) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less 
than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the 
amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, 
and (C) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of 
such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the 
lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or 
the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying 
straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or  amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
"Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated 
as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account 
the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.”; and 
(ii) 
the definition of “Failure to Pay” in Credit Linked Condition 10 (Definitions) 
above shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
““Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more

--- Page 308 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
308 
 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, 
on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall 
be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, 
if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the related Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either 
result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination 
that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination 
itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) 
at the time of such redenomination. 
Notwithstanding the above, if “Modified Definition” is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the following definition shall apply: “Failure to Pay” means, after 
the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by any Reference 
Entity to fulfil its obligations under any agreement (including obligations under any 
securities repurchase and/or securities lending and/or securities buy-sell back 
agreements) in the aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement, 
provided that if "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the 
related Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as applicable), then, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or 
indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
13. 
Pegasus Notes 
Where the relevant Notes are specified as “Pegasus Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to such Notes (in conjunction with the Share Linked 
Conditions), save for as amended as follows:

--- Page 309 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
309 
 
(a) 
the definition of “Auction Settlement Amount” in Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Definitions) above shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
“Auction Settlement Amount” means, in respect of the First-to-Default Reference 
Entity, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Outstanding Principal Amount x (Auction Final Price + Final Worst 
Performance), 
provided that the Auction Settlement Amount shall not be less than zero; 
(b) 
the definition of “Cash Settlement Amount” in Credit Linked Condition 10 (Definitions) 
above shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means, in respect of the First-to-Default Reference Entity, 
an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Outstanding Principal Amount x (Final Price + Final Worst Performance), 
provided that the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be less than zero; 
(c) 
the following new definitions shall be added to Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Definitions):  
“Closing Price” means as defined in the Share Linked Conditions; 
“Disrupted Day” means as defined in the Share Linked Conditions; 
“Exchange Business Day” means as defined in the Share Linked Conditions; 
“Final Valuation Date” means, in respect of a relevant Share, the Event Determination 
Date in respect of the First-to-Default Reference Entity (or, if such date is not an 
Exchange Business Day, the immediately following Exchange Business Day) provided 
that if the Event Determination Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Share (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent), the Final Valuation Date in respect of such Share 
shall be the immediately following Exchange Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Share provided that if each of the number of consecutive Exchange 
Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Event Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the last such consecutive 
Exchange Business Day shall be deemed to be the Final Valuation Date in respect of 
such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or value in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the relevant value or price as of the Valuation Time on that last 
such consecutive Exchange Business Day; 
“Final Worst Performance” means the Performance of the Worst Performing Share in 
respect of the Final Valuation Date in respect of such Share, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that if an Event Determination Date occurs in respect of 
the First-to-Default Reference Entity before the Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Final Worst Performance shall be deemed to be zero; 
“First-to-Default Reference Entity” means the first Reference Entity in respect of 
which an Event Determination Date has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the aggregate principal amount outstanding 
of the Credit Linked Notes; 
“Performance" means, in respect of a relevant Share, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝑹𝑷𝒊−𝑺𝒊
𝑺𝒊
) 
“RPi” means, in respect of a Share, the Closing Price of such Share in respect of the 
Final Valuation Date in respect of such Share; 
“𝑺𝒊” means, in respect of a relevant Share, the Closing Price of such Share in respect

--- Page 310 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
310 
 
of the Strike Date; 
“Share” or “Shares” means as defined in the Share Linked Conditions;  
“Strike Date” means as defined in the Share Linked Conditions; 
“Valuation Time” means as defined in the Share Linked Conditions; and 
“Worst Performing Share” means, in respect the Final Valuation Date, the Share in 
the Basket of Shares with the lowest Performance in respect of the Final Valuation 
Date, as determined by Calculation Agent (provided that if two or more Shares have 
the same lowest Performance in respect of such date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine which Share shall be the Worst Performing Share in respect of such date in 
its sole and absolute discretion, and such Share shall be the Worst Performing Share 
in respect of such date). 
14. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
14.1 
If both “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable, and SPS Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout 2 is selected in the applicable Final Terms, then unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date in 
respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Event at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purpose of this paragraph 14:  
“Acceleration Event” means at any time on any Business Day falling in the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period the Basket Performance Ratio is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater 
than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent, with such 
Business Day being the “Acceleration Event Date”.  
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
2. If the product of the SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 2 is zero, no amount shall be 
payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business 
Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount shall be 
payable to Noteholders as a result of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
respect of a Reference Obligation and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Acceleration Event and/or an Illiquidity Event.  
“Automatic Early Redemption Event Date” means the Event Determination Date, 
Acceleration Event Date or Illiquidity Event Date, as applicable.  
“Automatic Early Redemption Price” means the price, level, number or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Illiquidity Event” means at any time on any Business Day falling in the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determines that a QR Price in respect of an Underlying Reference is unavailable on the relevant 
Bloomberg page and it is either (I) not possible to determine the QR Price in accordance with

--- Page 311 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
311 
 
any fallback provision in these Conditions; or (II) such determination would not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, with such Business Day being the “Illiquidity Event Date”. 
14.2 
Following satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, as the result of the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, the Notes shall be redeemed in accordance with the Automatic Early 
Redemption provisions of this paragraph 14 and, for the avoidance of doubt, paragraph 2.2 
(Redemption following Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) of this Annex 6 shall not apply.

--- Page 312 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
312 
 
ANNEX TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS ANNEX 
If an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes and Auction Settlement 
applies, the Settlement Amount with respect to the Credit Linked Notes may be calculated based on the 
Auction Final Price for the Reference Entity (if any). This Annex contains a summary of the expected 
Auction Provisions and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions thereof and is subject to 
amendment from time to time in accordance with the Rules, including any amendment thereto. Following a 
Restructuring credit event, more than one auction may be held and there may be more than one Auction Final 
Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and depending on which party triggers 
the credit default swap. Deliverable obligations will be identified for each bucket (any deliverable obligations 
included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all longer buckets). If the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for a particular bucket, then that auction will be 
held according to the existing auction methodology that has previously been used for Bankruptcy and Failure 
to Pay credit events as described in the summary below, except that the deliverable obligations will be 
limited to those falling within the relevant maturity bucket. 
The following does not purport to be a complete summary and prospective investors must refer to the Form 
of Auction Settlement Terms (as defined below) for detailed information regarding the auction methodology 
set forth therein (the “Auction Methodology”). The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to credit 
default swaps on the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit Linked Notes. A copy of 
the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer and is also currently 
available at www.isda.org. 
Noteholders should be aware that this summary of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms is accurate only as 
of the date hereof and the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be amended from time to time 
without consultation with Noteholders. At any time after the date hereof, the latest Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms will be available on the ISDA website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). 
Further, notwithstanding the fact that the Form of Auction Settlement Terms (as may be amended from 
time to time) appears on the ISDA website, Noteholders should note that the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may therefore not be accurate in all cases. 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms (each as defined below). All times of day in this summary refer to such 
times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
Pursuant to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules as published by ISDA on its website 
ww.isda.org (or any successor thereto) as of 28 September 2018 and updated from time to time (the “Rules”), 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in respect 
of a Reference Entity (such entity, an “Affected Reference Entity”) and that one or more auctions will be 
held in order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity based upon an 
Auction Final Price determined in accordance with an auction procedure as set forth in the Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms (each, an “Auction”). If an Auction is to be held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will publish Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity, based upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms first published as Annex B to the 2009 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 and updated from time to time (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms"). In 
doing so, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will make several related determinations, 
including the date on which the Auction will be held (the “Auction Date”), the institutions that will act 
as participating bidders in the Auction (the “Participating Bidders”) and the supplemental terms that are 
detailed in Schedule 1 to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may also amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may 
determine that a public comment period is necessary in order to effect such an amendment if such 
amendment is not contemplated by the Rules. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, an 
“Auction Currency Rate”) as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of each 
Deliverable Obligation (each, a “Relevant Pairing”) by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if such

--- Page 313 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
313 
 
Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating Bidders 
(determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each such Relevant 
Pairing. If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three such rates are 
obtained by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such rates, without 
regard to the rates having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three rates are obtained, the Auction 
Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the highest and lowest values. 
For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest value, then one of such rates shall be 
disregarded. If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that the Auction Currency Rate cannot 
be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial Market 
Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of the 
Relevant Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity). The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such commitment 
will be a “Physical Settlement Buy Request”) or as buyer (in which case, such commitment will be a 
“Physical Settlement Sell Request”). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of such 
Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market 
Position. Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant customer's 
knowledge and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted by such 
customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with the 
Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between 
Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with 
the tightest spreads. The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial 
Market Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest 
spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable 
market will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an “Adjustment Amount”), calculated in accordance with the Auction Methodology. 
Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related to any auction 
that ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of settlement of credit 
derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may be 
repeated.

--- Page 314 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
314 
 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding 
Period has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint 
and the details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
(a) 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and 
Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the 
lowest bid, as applicable, provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price 
associated with the lowest matched bid exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the 
“Cap Amount” (being the percentage that is equal to one half of the Maximum Initial Market 
Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), then the Auction Final 
Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a 
bid to purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint exceeds the price associated with the highest 
offer by more than the Cap Amount, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market 
Midpoint minus the Cap Amount. 
(b) 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as 
applicable, have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the 
Auction Final Price will be: (a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, 
the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) the highest Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if 
the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater 
than 100 per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the Auction 
Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer Physical 
Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details of all such 
bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a Customer 
Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered into a 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, Limit 
Offer, or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-Settled 
Transaction with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, each such 
Participating Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade formed 
in the auction must deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been matched a 
Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and such 
Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment of the Auction Final Price.

--- Page 315 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
315 
 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction Date 
will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market participant 
(endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to resolve whether a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will 
occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 316 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
316 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to ETI Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the “ETI Linked 
Conditions”), in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Conditions and the ETI Linked Conditions, the ETI Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
“Additional Extraordinary ETI Event” means any event specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If 
any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the 
relevant price, level, value or amount provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or 
amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a 
day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, 
the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined 
below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, amount, level 
or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket, the 
Averaging Date for each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
“Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the Averaging Date for each ETI Interest 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such ETI Interest. If the first succeeding Valid Date 
in relation to such ETI Interest has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that such Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such ETI Interest, and (B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, price or

--- Page 317 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
317 
 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of 
the definition of “Valuation Date” below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Valid Date” means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur. 
“Basket Trigger Event” means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or more 
ETI Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that an 
Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a 
Weighting in the ETI Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
“Basket Trigger Level” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
“Calculation Date” means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, each day which is an Exchange Business Day. 
“Clearance System” means the applicable domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the relevant ETI Interest. 
“Clearance System Days” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Closing Price” means, in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing 
price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events). 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Dividend Event” means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to the 
Trade Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI has 
implemented a material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) 
or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“ETI” means (i) any exchange traded fund, (ii) the issuer of (A) an exchange traded note, or (B) 
exchange traded commodity or (iii) any other exchange traded product or (iii) any other exchange 
traded entity specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms. 
“ETI Basket” means, where the ETI Linked Notes are linked to the performance of ETI Interests 
of more than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests. 
“ETI Documents” means with respect to any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant 
ETI in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions 
relating to such ETI Interests and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements 
in respect of the ETI, as may be further described in any ETI Document. 
“ETI Interest(s)” means (i) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued 
to or held by an investor in such ETI, (ii) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange 
traded commodity, a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (iii) in respect of 
any other exchange traded product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“ETI Interest Correction Period” means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or (b) if none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle.

--- Page 318 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
318 
 
“ETI Related Party” means, in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide 
services (howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such 
ETI, whether or not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, 
administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime 
broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general 
partner and any other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of an 
exchange traded note or exchange traded commodity, the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange” means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI 
Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business 
Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, Exchange Business Day (All 
ETI Interests Basis) or Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply. 
“Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)” means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open 
for trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective 
regular trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)” means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if 
any, in respect of such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)” means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange (if 
any) are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any 
such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(a) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange 
or 
(b) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on 
or relating to the ETI Interest on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date” means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, 
the date on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Final Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Hedging Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Hedge Provider” means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, an 
affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who 
shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider 
will hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be deemed to enter into 
any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number 
of ETI Interests as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers 
would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 319 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
319 
 
“Hypothetical Investor” means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in an ETI Interest which is deemed to 
have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevan0t ETI Documents, of an investor 
holding an ETI Interest at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the 
Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
“Implied Embedded Option Value” means, in respect of a day, an amount which may never be 
less than zero equal to the present value as at such day, of any future payments under the Notes 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion taking into account, 
without limitation, such factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable from the sale of any 
ETI Interests by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the ETI Interests and transaction costs. 
“Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date” means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded 
Option Value following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event. 
“Initial Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
not so specified, the Hedging Date. 
“Intraday Price” means, in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price (or if Value per ETI) Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such 
time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI 
Events). 
“Investment/AUM Level” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any (i) reclassification or 
change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI with or into another entity or person 
(other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in 
which such ETI, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change 
of all of such ETI Interests outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 
per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests of an ETI that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETI Interests (other than such ETI Interests owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the 
ETI is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such 
ETI Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests 
owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests immediately following such 
event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in 
the case of Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or(b) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Maturity Date. For the purposes of this definition only, “Interests” shall 
mean the applicable ETI Interests or the shares of any applicable ETI Related Party, as the 
context may require, and “Entity” shall mean the applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related 
Party, as the context may require.

--- Page 320 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
320 
 
“Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount per Note determined by the sum of: 
(a) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value 
Determination Date; and 
(b) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
“Number of Value Publication Days” means the number of calendar days or Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date 
for publication or reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or 
any entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party 
acting on behalf of the ETI, may remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI Interest 
before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred. 
“Principal Protected Termination Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount determined as the sum of: 
(a) 
the Protected Amount; 
(b) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value 
Determination Date; and 
(c) 
if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Simple Interest. 
“Protected Amount” means (i) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
ETI Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
present value of a hypothetical zero coupon bond reflecting the principal protection feature of the 
Notes as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Related Exchange” means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” 
is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall 
mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such ETI 
Interest. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means either (i) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI 
Interest, Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETI Basket, 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest 
Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such 
specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest 
Basis) shall apply. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)” means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any day 
on which the Exchange and Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in respect 
of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)” means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI 
Interest are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s).

--- Page 321 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
321 
 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)” means any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s). 
“Settlement Cycle” means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
“Settlement Price” means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
the provisions of these ETI Linked Conditions and as referred to in “Valuation Date” or 
“Averaging Date”, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI 
Interest comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to (x) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing price, the official closing 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an Averaging Date (or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot 
be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not 
a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price 
at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling 
price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for such ETI Interest whose official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, at the Calculation Agent's 
discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on 
such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), or (y) if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per ETI Interest, the Value 
per ETI Interest for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in each case multiplied by the relevant 
Weighting, such value to be converted, if an alternative Settlement Currency is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, into such Settlement Currency as determined 
by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to 
(x) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official 
closing price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on 
(a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or 
(b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing 
fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market 
selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the ETI Interest 
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial

--- Page 322 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
322 
 
institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the 
trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall 
decide), or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be 
the Value per ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is 
specified on the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in each case, such amount 
to be converted, if an alternative Settlement Currency is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, into such Settlement Currency and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
“Simple Interest” means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount of 
interest that would accrue on the Termination Amount during the period from (and including) the 
Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date to (and including) the Final Calculation 
Date calculated on the basis that such interest were payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an 
interest rate swap transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions: 
(a) 
the “Effective Date” is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
(b) 
the “Termination Date” is the Termination Date; 
(c) 
the “Floating Rate Payer Payment Date” is the Termination Date; 
(d) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if the Settlement Currency 
is EUR) or USD-LIBOR-BBA (if the Settlement Currency is USD); 
(e) 
the “Designated Maturity” is 3 months; 
(f) 
the “Simple Interest Spread” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
so specified minus 0.125 per cent.; 
(g) 
the “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” is Actual/360; 
(h) 
the “Reset Date” is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and 
each date falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date; and 
(i) 
“Compounding” is “Inapplicable”. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days, or such 
other number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Stop Loss Event” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Stop Loss Event Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the Strike Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price in accordance with its good 
faith estimate of the relevant price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Strike Date for 
each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each ETI Interest affected (each an 
"Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item,

--- Page 323 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
323 
 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price 
determined using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to “Strike Day”. 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an 
ETI Related Party, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
“Termination Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, the (i) Principal Protected Termination Amount or (ii) the Non-Principal Protected 
Termination Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Termination Date” means (i) the date determined by the Issuer and specified in the notice 
given to Noteholders in accordance with ETI Linked Condition 6.2(c) or (ii) if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
“Trade Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Trading Disruption” means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI 
on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any 
underlying asset of the ETI on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Valuation Date” means the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to a single ETI Interest, the Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, 
amount or price in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out 
or if not practicable, determine the relevant level, price, value or amount in 
accordance with its good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, amount or price as 
of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes relating to an ETI Basket, the Valuation Date for 
each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each ETI Interest affected (each 
an “Affected Item”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected 
Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date 
for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and

--- Page 324 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
324 
 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level, amount or price 
using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
“Valuation Time” means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the 
close of trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Value per ETI Interest” means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled 
Trading Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official 
net asset value per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI 
Interest otherwise (ii) the official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant 
calculation date, as reported on such Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related Party, 
the relevant Exchange or publishing service (which may include the website of an ETI), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier” means the percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 5 per cent.. 
“Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential” means the percentage by which the Value 
per ETI Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value 
per ETI Interest is calculated. 
“Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event” means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the 
Value per ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger 
Percentage(s) at any time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated any 
leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of any 
law, (x) any order or judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or 
any of its assets, (y) the ETI Documents or (z) any other contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the ETI or any of its assets. 
“Value Trigger Percentage” means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, 50 per cent. 
“Value Trigger Period” means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final 
Calculation Date. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in relation to Notes relating to a single ETI Interest or an 
ETI Basket, in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at 
any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(a) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether 
out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(c) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
“Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, 
the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or ETI

--- Page 325 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
325 
 
Related Party, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the 
terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (ii) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by an options exchange to options on the ETI Interest traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, stating the adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of 
the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Linked Condition 5 (Determination of Extraordinary ETI 
Events), “Extraordinary ETI Event” means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or 
after the Trade Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
(a) 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related 
Party, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, 
prime brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has 
a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home 
office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or 
presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and either (x) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or 
(vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses 
(i) to (vi) above; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer;

--- Page 326 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
326 
 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
(a) 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which in the sole 
and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of 
the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; or 
(b) 
an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any 
ETI Related Party, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) 
any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is 
commenced or is threatened against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or any key personnel 
of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in 
the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent, materially affect the value 
of the ETI Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in such ETI Interests; 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events: 
(a) 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including 
by way of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such 
capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event occurs 
which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) 
cause, the failure of the ETI and/or any ETI Related Party to meet or maintain any 
obligation or undertaking under the ETI Documents which failure is reasonably likely 
to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies 
of any investor therein; 
Modification Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI 
(howsoever described, including the underlying type of assets in which the ETI invests), 
from those set out in the ETI Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential 
modification or deviation, except where such modification or deviation is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature; 
(b) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, 
(ii) the ETI purports to track, or (iii) the ETI accepts/provides for purposes of 
creation/redemption baskets; 
(c) 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the 
ETI Documents or to the ETI's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which 
does not affect the ETI Interests or the or any portfolio of assets to which the ETI 
Interest relates (either alone or in common with other ETI Interests issued by the ETI); 
(d) 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the 
ETI Documents so that the Value per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the 
same currency as it was as at the Trade Date; or 
(e) 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; 
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
(a) 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest; 
(b) 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per 
ETI Interest; 
(c) 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI 
fails for any reason to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within 
the Number of Value Publication Days following any date scheduled for the 
determination of the valuation of the ETI Interests unless the cause of such failure to 
publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control of the 
entity responsible for such publication;

--- Page 327 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
327 
 
(d) 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the 
Investment/AUM Level; 
(e) 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs; 
(f) 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest 
at the end of each Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the 
ETI or any ETI Related Party, or (ii) where the relevant ETI Documents provide for 
the publication of an indicative Value per ETI Interest, such indicative Value per 
ETI Interest is published no less frequently than once every five (5) minutes during 
regular trading hours on the Exchange on each Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(g) 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per 
ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any 
hedging activities in relation to the Notes; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
(a) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws 
or regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect 
on any hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the 
Notes (a “Tax Event”) and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for 
a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became 
known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, 
provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to 
take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the 
period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or 
becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax 
Event; or 
(b) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are 
or become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive 
of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in 
the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, 
any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETI by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority 
in respect of the ETI or the ETI Related Parties or new conditions are imposed, or 
existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the 
ETI is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETI Interests, (iv) the Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of 
or compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in connection with any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting 
or regulatory treatment of the ETI or any ETI Related Party that is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or other activities or 
undertakings of the ETI or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein, 
including any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
(a) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of 
any adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or 
promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by 
any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of 
any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as 
a result of any other relevant event (each a “Relevant Event”) (i) it would become 
unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, 
circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, or 
similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of regulatory 
capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETI Interests 
or that would subject a holder of the ETI Interests or the Hedge Provider) to any loss) 
purchase or sell the relevant ETI Interests or any underlying assets of or related to

--- Page 328 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
328 
 
the ETI or for the Hedge Provider to maintain its hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject 
as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week 
following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not 
under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining 
a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall 
be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no 
practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
(b) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging arrangements (including, 
but not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or combined effect 
thereof if occurring more than once)) would be materially increased or the Hedge 
Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Notes and the related hedging 
arrangements; 
(c) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider 
is unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, 
re- establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any 
futures or option contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity, commodity or other underlying ETI Interest asset price risk or any other 
relevant price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset, or futures 
or option contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI Interest of the ETI; 
or 
(d) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to maintain the Notes; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
(b) 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to 
any ETI Related Party or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by 
Moody's Investors Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof 
(“Moody's”), and/or S&P, is downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the 
short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any 
ETI Related Party by Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 
(Moody's); 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow; 
(d) 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
(e) 
if the relevant ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of 
a Dividend Event; or 
(f) 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the 
relevant ETI Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on 
the Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted 
on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock 
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System 
(or their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within 
the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of 
circumstances is capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary ETI Event or both an 
Extraordinary ETI Event and a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which

--- Page 329 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
329 
 
Extraordinary ETI Event is to be triggered or whether such event or set of circumstances shall be 
an Extraordinary ETI Event or Market Disruption Event, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an 
Extraordinary ETI Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from 
the Trade Date, of any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of 
circumstances occurs more than once. 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
6.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall, on or prior to the date on which such Extraordinary ETI Event is no longer 
continuing give notice (an “Extraordinary ETI Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary ETI Event (the date on which an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an 
“Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date”) and set out, if determined at that time, the 
action that it has determined to take in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event pursuant to ETI 
Linked Condition 6.2. Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is not, for 
whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has 
determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary ETI Event 
Notification Date. 
For such purposes, an Extraordinary ETI Event shall be considered to be “continuing” if it has 
not been remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer. 
The Calculation Agent shall provide Noteholders with an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary ETI Event. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other person 
in connection with the Notes as a result of any delay, howsoever arising. If the Calculation 
Agent gives an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any 
payment or delivery in respect of the Notes until the Issuer has determined the action to take 
pursuant to ETI Linked Condition 6.2 below. 
6.2 
Following an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may take 
the action described below in (a), (b) or (c). 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken 
in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be “Adjustment”, then it may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to 
account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, 
without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or to the 
Notes and a change in the Weighting of any remaining ETI Interest(s) not 
affected by an Extraordinary ETI Event.  The Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made by any 
options exchange to options on the ETI Interests traded on that options 
exchange; or 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI 
Interests traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in 
its sole discretion shall select (the “Options Exchange”), require the 
Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes 
are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 330 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
330 
 
which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment 
made by the Options Exchange. If options on the ETI Interests are not traded 
on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in 
each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary ETI Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such 
options were so traded. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken 
in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be “Substitution”, the Calculation 
Agent shall on or after the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date, substitute 
each ETI Interest (each, an “Affected ETI Interest”) of each ETI (each, an 
“Affected ETI”) which is affected by such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI 
Interest selected by it in accordance with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out 
below (each, a “Substitute ETI Interest”) and the Substitute ETI Interests will be 
deemed to be an “ETI Interest” and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETI Interest, 
an “ETI” for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in 
each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, 
provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be 
determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, the Initial 
Price of each Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
“A” is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
“B” is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
“C” is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution Date”) in 
its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, 
but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of 
the relevant Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must 
satisfy the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer (a) in the case of ETI Linked Notes related to a single ETI, and (b) in 
the case of ETI Linked Notes related to an ETI Basket, the relevant 
share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or 
person that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect 
of the Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the 
Tender Offer provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest is not already 
included in the ETI Basket and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary 
ETI Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly quoted,

--- Page 331 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
331 
 
traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and 
(y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or 
other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria 
set out in paragraph (i) above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case 
of ETI Linked Notes related to an ETI Basket), already included in the 
ETI Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETI Event is not a Merger Event 
or a Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a comparable listing (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the exchange or 
quotation system in the same geographic region, investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes, underlying asset pools and 
whose related parties (such as, but not limited to, trustee, general partner, 
sponsor, advisor, manager, operating company, custodian, prime broker and 
depository) are acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI 
Event is to be “Termination”, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (which such notice may be 
included in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary 
ETI Event and will specify the Termination Date), all but not some only of the 
outstanding ETI Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the Termination 
Amount on the Termination Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
(d) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, 
the Issuer is under no duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person. 
In making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary ETI Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other 
person in connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as 
a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes. 
(e) 
Correction of ETI Interest Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Notes, if the 
price of the relevant ETI Interest published on a given day and used or to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction is published by the relevant price source within the number 
of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original publication, the price 
to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for 
payment or delivery under the Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
(f) 
Calculations and Determinations 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as applicable, will make the calculations and 
determinations as described in the ETI Linked Conditions in such a manner as the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, determines to be appropriate 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard in each 
case to the criteria stipulated in the ETI Linked Conditions, the hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Notes and the nature of the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests.

--- Page 332 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
332 
 
7. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event: 
7.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be 
subject to a Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
7.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be 
subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out 
Event. 
7.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation 
Time the price of the ETI Interest triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or 
the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of the ETI Interest as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock- 
out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Valuation 
Date”. 
7.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the price of the ETI 
Interest triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or 
Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the price of the ETI Interest as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of “Valuation 
Date”. 
7.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period; 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
(in the case of a single ETI Interest) that the price of the ETI Interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on 
any Knock-in Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of an ETI Basket) that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each ETI Interest as 
the product of (x) the price of such ETI Interest as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 333 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
333 
 
“Knock-in Level” means the price, level, number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth 
in ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption); 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day; 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time; 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period; 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
(in the case of a single ETI Interest) that the price of the ETI Interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on 
any Knock-out Determination Day is; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of an ETI Basket) that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each ETI Interest as 
the product of (x) the price of such ETI Interest as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Knock-out Level” means the price, level, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption); 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time;

--- Page 334 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
334 
 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event. 
8. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the ETI Interest or each ETI Interest comprising the 
Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the ETI Interest or each ETI Interest comprising the 
Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product 
of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, 
no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, 
provided that no additional amount shall be payable to Noteholders as a result of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 1”); 
and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Price 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the ETI Price 1 is or (B) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket Price 1 is, (aa) “greater 
than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or 
equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Price 1 as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 1”); and/or 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms);

--- Page 335 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
335 
 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the ETI Price 2 is or (B) if AER 
Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Basket Price 2 is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Price 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price” means the price, level, number or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price 1” means the price, level, percentage or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Price 2” means the price, level, percentage or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the 
definition of “Valuation Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
“Valuation Date” were to “Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date”. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Basket Price 1” means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the ETI Price 1 in respect of such AER 
Event 1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
“Basket Price 2” means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (i) the ETI Price 2 in respect of such AER 
Event 2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
“ETI Price 1” means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, the price of the 
relevant AER Event 1 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
“ETI Price 2” means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, the price of the 
relevant AER Event 2 Underlying as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 336 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
336 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and Conditions set out 
below (the “Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions”), in each case subject to completion 
in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions 
shall prevail. 
1. 
Disruption Events 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the occurrence of any of the following 
events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be a 
Disruption Event: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(d) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) 
or (c);or 
(e) 
any other event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the 
Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
2. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published by the Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(a) 
apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the consequences of the 
Disruption Event. 
“Disruption Fallback” means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative 
basis for determining the Settlement Price in respect of a Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day 
that is an Averaging Date or a Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by 
the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in 
either (i), (ii) or (iii) below. 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the 
Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any 
Settlement Price Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date that is not the Strike Date) unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled 
Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, is a Disrupted 
Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case 
of an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement 
Price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level for the 
Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies as of the

--- Page 337 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
337 
 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking 
into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems 
relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is 
not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as the case may be, 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
Note, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is 
not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market 
value of each Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount”) as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the “Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date”) and on the 
Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal to the Issuer's funding cost at 
such time or(y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, its nominal 
amount; and/or 
(b) 
notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any 
payment date related to such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date (or, if different, 
the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be provided or 
announced by the Price Source), as the case may be (including, if applicable, the 
Maturity Date) until the Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event 
is no longer subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in 
respect of such postponement. 
3. 
Settlement Price 
“Settlement Price” means, in respect of a Subject Currency and a Settlement Price Date and 
subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 2 above an amount 
equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Price Source at the Valuation Time on such 
Settlement Price Date, or for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the 
Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or 
on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange 
rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date of two 
or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent), Provided That if the relevant rate of exchange is derived 
from two or more rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as provided above acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the 
basis of each such rate of exchange. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
4.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event.

--- Page 338 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
338 
 
4.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out 
Event, shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
4.3 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event has occurred on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, then, unless Disruption Consequences are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not applicable, such Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event. 
4.4 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at 
the time on which the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies trigger the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level, a Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless Disruption Consequences are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not applicable, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
4.5 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the  Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, 
that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of 
each Subject Currency as the product of (x) the value of such Subject Currency as of 
the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant 
Weighting 
, is  in each case (I) “greater than”, “greater than or equal to”, “less than” or “less than or equal 
to” the Knock-in Level, or (II) “within” the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-
in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-in Level” means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or value 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
“Knock-in Range Level” means the range of levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 339 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
339 
 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day), or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the  Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) in the case of a single Subject Currency, that the value of the Subject Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any 
Knock-out Determination Day is or (B) in the case of a basket of Subject Currencies, 
that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of 
each Subject Currency as the product of (x) the value of such Subject Currency as of 
the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (y) the 
relevant Weighting  
is, in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” 
or (D) “less than or equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out 
Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Level” means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, percentage or 
value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 340 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
340 
 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the Subject Currency or each Subject Currency/Base 
Currency comprising the Basket each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the Subject Currency or each Subject Currency/Base 
Currency comprising the Basket each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product 
of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, 
no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder 
shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 
1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”). 
(b) 
if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the value of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Time on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date is or (B) if AER 
Event 1 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the 
values for each AER Event 1 Underlying comprising the Basket as the 
product of (x) the value of such AER Event 1 Underlying as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time 
on the relevant AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less 
than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the value of the relevant AER Event 
2 Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date is or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 341 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
341 
 
applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 Underlying comprising 
the Basket as the product of (x) the value of such AER Event 2 Underlying 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on the relevant AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date and (y) the relevant Weighting is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater 
than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level” means the value, price, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 1” means the value, price, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 2” means the value, price, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date (if any)) specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or if that is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent a Disruption Event occurs on that day. 
If a Disruption Event occurs on that day then the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
as if references in such provisions to “Settlement Price Date” were to “Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date”. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption 
Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or the Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may 
be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
“Additional Disruption Event” means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 342 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
342 
 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements) in 
maintaining the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant 
hedge positions of the Notes. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk and any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re- 
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or 
(B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Optional Additional Disruption Event” means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Definitions 
“Averaging Date” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the 
provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply. 
“Dual Exchange Rate” means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Disruption Event has occurred. 
“FX Averaging Date” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case 
the provisions of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply. 
“FX Digital Level” means: 
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date 
specified for such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Resettable Adjustment. 
“FX Knock-in Level” means: 
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates;

--- Page 343 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
343 
 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in 
Observation Date specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment. 
“FX Digital Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“FX Knock-out Level” means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates; 
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-
out Observation Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment. 
“Illiquidity Disruption” means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed 
necessary by the Calculation Agent or Issuer to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or 
more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, 
the day on which rates for such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
“Knock-in Averaging Date” means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply. 
“Price Source” means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or 
reporting the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Price Source Disruption” means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from 
which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the 
principal financial centres of the Base Currency and Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. 
“Settlement Price Date” means the Strike Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case 
may be. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 5 Scheduled Trading Days. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions 
of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) 
shall apply. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of “Averaging Date” shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to “Averaging Date” were to “Strike Day”.

--- Page 344 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
344 
 
“Strike Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means any Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply. 
“Valuation Time” means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at 
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur.

--- Page 345 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
345 
 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED NOTES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Interest Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Conditions”) and the additional Terms and 
Conditions set out below (the “Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions”), in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and 
the Interest Rate Linked Conditions, the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Interest Rate or, if two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Underlying Interest Rate comprising a Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate will be calculated separately and independently as provided below and 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of these Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Conditions, “Underlying ISDA Rate” means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Interest Rate Linked Conditions, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case of LIBOR, or 
Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Underlying Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (b) above, fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate as the rate it determines

--- Page 346 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
346 
 
would have prevailed but for such non-availability or other event acting in good faith and using 
its reasonable judgment. 
4. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined (the “Underlying Interest Determination Date”), determine 
the Underlying ISDA Rate or Underlying Reference Rate (subject to any Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
5. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event 
that the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event 
that the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate. 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
6.1 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event 
shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
6.2 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event 
shall be conditional upon the non-occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
6.3 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), or each 
Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.  
“Knock-in Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying 
Reference Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
calculated for each Underlying Interest Rate as the product of (x) the 
Underlying Reference Rate as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A)(a) “greater than”, (b) “greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level; or (B) “within” the Knock-in Range Level, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Knock-in Level” means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 347 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
347 
 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Knock-in Range Level” means the level specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-in Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), or each Business 
Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the Underlying Interest 
Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation 
Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for 
each Underlying Interest Rate as the product of (x) such Underlying 
Interest Rate as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is, 
in each case (A) “greater than”, (B) “greater than or equal to”, (C) “less than” or (D) 
“less than or equal to” the Knock-out Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Level” means the level, amount, price or percentage specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Condition 1 and Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Condition 2 above. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Knock-out Value” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS Knock-in Valuation” means if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the occurrence of a Knock-In Event should be linked to the Knock-In Value, as described in the 
definition of Knock-In Event.

--- Page 348 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
348 
 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If “Automatic Early Redemption Event” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may only 
occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
Definitions 
“AER Event 1 Underlying(s)” mean the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Event 2 Underlying(s)” mean the Underlying Reference or each Underlying Reference 
comprising the Basket, each as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AER Rate” means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or if not set out, an amount equal to the product 
of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. If the product of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, 
no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this Condition. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Date” means (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption, FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption or FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, or, otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if such date 
is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to 
any interest or further payment in respect of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means: 
(a) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage; 
(b) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the Underlying Reference Level is (i) equal to or greater 
than the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Down and (ii) less than or equal to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up; 
(c) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, 
in each case in respect of the Current Interest Period is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; or 
(d) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption and SPS AER Valuation are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms that: 
(i) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is 
(aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) 
“less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 1”); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) 
“less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 349 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
349 
 
Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2”); 
(e) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: and SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms 
(i) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AER Event 1 
Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket 
Price 1 is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or equal to”, (cc) “less than” 
or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 1”; and/or (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 2 
or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) “greater than”, (bb) “greater than or 
equal to”, (cc) “less than” or (dd) “less than or equal to” the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event 2”). 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level” means the amount, price, percentage or level specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 1” means the amount, price, percentage or level specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Level 2” means the amount, price, percentage or level specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Down” means the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up” means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (including the AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date (if any)) or, if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means the period (including the AER 1 
Redemption Valuation Period and AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period (if any)) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Basket of Underlying References” means, for the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Condition 7, the Basket of Underlying Interest Rates to which the value of the relevant 
Notes relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Basket Price 1” means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 1 of such 
AER Event 1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting. 
“Basket Price 2” means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level 2 of such 
AER Event 2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date and (b) the relevant 
Weighting.

--- Page 350 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
350 
 
“Cumulative Coupon” means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (a) 
the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period as 
the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such 
Interest Period plus (b) the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in 
each case for the Current Interest Period. 
“Current Interest Period” means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
“Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing” means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Multiple Underlying Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying 
Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate. 
“Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value” means the value calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑖𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐺𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑖) × 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
“SPS AER Value 1” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“SPS AER Value 2” means the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Underlying Reference” means, for the purposes of this Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Condition 7, each Underlying Interest Rate to which the relevant Notes relate. If two or more 
Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying 
Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the “Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate”) will be calculated separately and independently but for the purposes 
of these Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an 
Underlying Reference. 
“Underlying Reference Level” means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (i) in the case of an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, or (ii) if FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Multiple 
Underlying Reference Rate Value, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
“Underlying Reference Level 1” means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Underlying Reference Level 2” means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, 
the Underlying Reference Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date. 
8. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Accrual 
Notwithstanding Condition 3(l), if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption and Accrual to 
Automatic Early Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
interest will cease to accrue on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
9. 
Definitions 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; “Strike Date” 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and “Strike Period” means the 
period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms 
provided, however, that if a date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a day on which the

--- Page 351 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
351 
 
relevant Underlying Reference Rate is scheduled to be published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(other than as a result of the Underlying Reference Rate ceasing to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page), the Underlying Interest Determination Date shall instead be the immediately 
preceding day on which the Underlying Reference Rate is scheduled to be published on such 
Relevant Screen Page.

--- Page 352 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
352 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer will be applied for the general financing purposes 
of the Issuer unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
None of the net proceeds of the Notes will be used to fund or facilitate activities or persons subject to 
sanctions imposed by the United States or by the European Union.

--- Page 353 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
353 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (with its 
registered office at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) as operator of the Euroclear 
System (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg (with its registered 
address at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” 
of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not 
have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note 
to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable); and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) of a certificate or certificates 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that 
in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed 
the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with

--- Page 354 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
354 
 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary 
Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance 
with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 355 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
355 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further 
rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or the 
Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 356 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
356 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form (“Individual Note Certificates”) or a global Note in registered form (a “Global Registered Note”), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New 
Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the 
“Eurosystem”), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press 
release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form held issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be 
eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure (“New Safekeeping Structure”), registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in 
accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of 
their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Registered Note exchangeable 
for Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note 
which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note”, then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) occurs.

--- Page 357 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
357 
 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of 
the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement or 
the Agency Agreement (as applicable) and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes 
scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If the Fiscal Agency Agreement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and if: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then, at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) each person shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or any other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interest in the Notes 
(each an “Accountholder”) shall acquire under the Deed of Covenant rights of enforcement against the 
Issuer (“Direct Rights”) to compel the Issuer to perform its obligations to the Holder of the Global 
Registered Note in respect of the Notes represented by the Global Registered Note, including the 
obligation of the Issuer to make all payments when due at any time in respect of such Notes in accordance 
with the Conditions as if such Notes had (where required by the Conditions) been duly presented and 
surrendered on the due date in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Direct Rights shall be without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Global Registered Note 
may have under the Global Registered Note or otherwise. Payment to the Holder of the Global Registered 
Note in respect of any Notes represented by the Global Registered Note shall constitute a discharge of 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant to the extent of any such payment and 
nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to 
the order of any person other than the Holder of the Global Registered Note. 
As a condition of any exercise of Direct Rights by an Accountholder, such Accountholder shall, as soon as 
practicable, give notice of such exercise to the Holders of the Notes of the same Series in the manner 
provided for in the Conditions or the Global Registered Note for notices to be given by the Issuer to 
Noteholders. 
If the Fiscal Agency Agreement is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable and if: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then, at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above), the Trustee will have direct rights on behalf of the Holder 
of the Global Registered Note against the Issuer, as created pursuant to the Trust Deed, to compel the Issuer 
to perform its obligations to the Holder of the Global Registered Note in respect of the Notes represented 
by the Global Registered Note, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all payments when due at any

--- Page 358 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
358 
 
time in respect of such Notes in accordance with the Conditions as if such Notes had (where required by 
the Conditions) been duly presented and surrendered on the due date in accordance with the Conditions. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 359 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
359 
 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
1. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for participating organisations and 
facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between their respective 
participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of such participants. Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide to their respective participants, among other things, 
services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participants are financial institutions throughout the world, including underwriters, securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. 
Indirect access to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is also available to others who clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
participant, either directly or indirectly. 
2. 
Euroclear Safekeeper 
In respect of Bearer Notes which are NGNs, the Global Note will be delivered to a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 360 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
360 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA OR UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the United 
Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
OPTION 1 - MiFID II Target market Legend for a professional investors and ECPs 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
OPTION 2 – MiFID II Target market Legend for a Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] ] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
END OF OPTIONS 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc  
(incorporated in The Republic of Cyprus 
(the Issuer) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] under the 
EUR 20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programm e) 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do [so: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 8 of Part B below, provided such 
person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and that 
the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions 
relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or

--- Page 361 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
361 
 
(b) 
otherwise]1 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
[Neither] the Issuer [nor] the Dealer has authorised, [n]or [do they] authorise[s], the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below 
is published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base 
prospectus as the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements 
applied to the original publication of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of 
the Public Offer (as defined below) prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version 
of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be (the “Publication Date”), have the right within two working 
days of the Publication Date to withdraw their acceptances]2 
                                                             
1 Include this wording where a Public Offer of Notes is anticipated. 
2 Include in respect of issues of Notes for which the offer period spans a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 362 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
362 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
OPTION 1 (NORMAL ISSUANCE UNDER THE PROGRAMME ON THE BASIS OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth under the section[s] entitled [“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”] / [, “Annex 1 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts” [and] “Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Index Linked Notes”/”Annex 3 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes”/ “Annex 4 - 
Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked Notes”/”Annex 5 - Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes”/”Annex 6 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes”/”Annex 7 - Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes”/”Annex 8 - Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes”/”Annex 9 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes”] in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant 
information.] 
OPTION 2 (ISSUANCE ON THE BASIS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM EARLIER BASE 
PROSPECTUS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [First/Second/Third] 
[Supplemented] 2019 Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
18 December 2020 and set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes"] / [, 
"Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/ "Annex 4 - 
Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked Notes"/"Annex 5 - Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 6 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 7 - Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 - Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes"/"Annex 9 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the Supplements to the Base 
Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 December 2019 [as supplemented and amended by the 
supplement to that base prospectus dated 10 June 2020 and as further supplemented and amended by the 
supplement to that base prospectus dated 13 October 2020] and are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms, as amended or superseded, relating to the issue of 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus.] 
END OF OPTIONS 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus, [these Final Terms [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [(in each case, together with any documents incorporated therein by 
reference)] [is] [are] available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, [where Fiscal Agency 
Agreement is specified as applicable [Citibank, N.A., London Branch] (in its capacity as Fiscal 
Agent)]/[where Fiscal Agency Agreement is specified as not applicable [Citibank, N.A., London Branch] (in 
its capacity as Trustee)].   
The Base Prospectus, [these Final Terms [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] will also be 
available on the Euronext Dublin website (www.ise.ie) [and these Final Terms will be available for viewing 
on the website of [insert name of the Regulated Market on which the Notes are admitted to trading]. A copy 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] will be sent 
free of charge by the Issuer to any investor requesting such documents]. [A summary of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] 
[The Base Prospectus, [these Final Terms [and the Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available 
for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from the Fiscal Agent or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) 
and will be available on the Euronext Dublin website (www.ise.ie).]

--- Page 363 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
363 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may change where 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible) 
 
(iii) 
Fiscal Agency Agreement 
[[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6. 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(Note 
- 
where multiple 
denominations above 
[EUR100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
[EUR100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [EUR199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR199,000].”) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one denomination, insert the highest [●] 
common factor. 
 
 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of two 
or more Specified Denominations.) 
8. 
(i) 
[Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]: 
[●]

--- Page 364 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
364 
 
 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date):] 
[specify date/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding/preceding] Business Day [●] 
[unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event it will be brought forward to the 
[●] immediately preceding Business Day] [(the 
“Scheduled Maturity Date”) [subject as provided in 
Fund Linked Condition 5 (include for Fund Linked 
Notes)]. [subject as provided in Annex 6 - “Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes (include 
for Credit Linked Notes) Fixed Rate - specify 
date/Floating Rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]][(NB: The Maturity Date 
[should not be/may need to be not] less than one year 
after the Issue Date)] 
10. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent., [per annum / per Interest Period] Fixed 
Rate][[LIBOR/EURIBOR] [(Resettable)] +/- [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate][Zero Coupon][Index Linked 
Interest][Share Linked Interest][Commodity Linked 
Interest][Fund 
Linked 
Interest][ETI 
Linked 
Interest][Foreign Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest][Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest][Hybrid Interest](further particulars specified 
below) 
12. 
Coupon Switch: 
[Non-interest bearing] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable] 
 
Pre-Switch Coupon: 
[Fixed Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS 
Fixed Coupon]/ [Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital 
Coupon]/ [Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar Coupon]/ 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1] 
/ 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2]/[FX 
Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range 
Accrual Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/ [FI Digital 
Floater]/[PRDC Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI 
Digital Cap Coupon]/[FI Target Coupon]] (see items 
[specify] below)

--- Page 365 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
365 
 
 
Post-Switch Coupon: 
[Fixed Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS 
Fixed Coupon]/ [Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital 
Coupon]/ 
[Accrual 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1] / 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2][FX Vanilla 
Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range Accrual 
Coupon]/[FX 
Memory 
Coupon]/ 
[FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range Accrual Coupon]/ [Combination 
Floater]/[PRDC Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI 
Digital Cap Coupon]/[FI Target Coupon]] [Insert 
relevant provisions, replicating relevant prompts from 
items 22-36, as applicable, below] 
 
Additional Switch Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Additional Switch Coupon 
Payment Date: 
[specify payment date] 
 
(ii) 
AutomaticCoupon 
Switch 
Event: 
[greater than]/[equal to greater than]/[less than][less 
than or equal to] 
 
 
[SPS ACS Valuation Date][SPS ACS Valuation Period] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Coupon Switch 
Level: 
[specify number, amount, level or percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Switch Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
SPS ACS Value: 
[specify the value applicable as a number] 
 
(vi) 
SPS Date Weighting: 
[specify  number,  amount  or  percentage 
specified]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(viii) Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price 
Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Price: 
[specify the price applicable as a number] 
 
(x) 
Strike Date 
[specify applicable date] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify applicable date] 
 
(xii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify the applicable period]

--- Page 366 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
366 
 
 
(xiv) Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify the applicable price as a number] 
 
(xv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
(xvii) SPS ACS Valuation Date: 
[Averaging Price][Pricing Date][Settlement Price Date] 
 
(xviii) SPS ACS Valuation Period: 
[specify valuation period] 
13. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par][[specify] per cent. of nominal  
amount][Index Linked Redemption][Share Linked 
Redemption][Commodity Linked Redemption][Fund 
Linked Redemption][Credit Linked Redemption][ETI 
Linked Redemption] [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption] [Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption] 
[Hybrid 
Redemption][Partly 
Paid][Instalment] 
 
 
Payout Switch: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Payout Switch Event: [greater 
than][equal to or greater than][less than][less 
than or equal] [SPS APS Valuation Date][SPS 
Valuation Period] 
(ii) 
Automatic Payout Switch Level: [specify 
number, amount, level or percentage] 
14. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] [Call Option] [(further particulars specified 
below)][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Settlement Currency3: 
[Insert Currency][Not Applicable] 
17. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(ii) 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in 
Level/Knock-in 
Range Level: 
[specify level, amount, number or percentage] 
                                                             
3 Only applicable in relation to Share Linked Notes and ETI Linked Notes.

--- Page 367 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
367 
 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify date]/[Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify period] 
 
(vii) Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day]/[in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(viii) Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Day Convention: 
[specify date]/[Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time]/[Valuation Time] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify published source (i.e. index sponsor, exchange 
sponsor or index calculation agent)] 
 
(xii) Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
18. 
Knock-out Event4: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
[specify]/[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] 
[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(i) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(ii) 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Level/Knock-out 
Range Level: 
[specify the applicable level or range level] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Convention: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out Determination Day 
 
[specify date] 
                                                             
4 Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes and 
Commodity Linked Notes.

--- Page 368 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
368 
 
 
(vii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify the applicable day(s)]/[Each [Scheduled 
Trading Day/Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day/Commodity 
Business 
Day/Fund 
Business 
Day/Business Day] in the Knock-out Determination 
Period] 
 
(viii) Knock-out Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[specify ending date] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify the applicable time]/[Any time on a Knock- out 
Determination Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-out Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
 
(xii) Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
19. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
20. 
Hybrid Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
The Notes are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a “Type of 
Underlying Reference”) set out in the table 
below. [The terms and conditions of the Notes 
will be construed on the basis that in respect 
of each separate Type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to 
each such separate Type of Underlying 
Reference will apply, as the context admits, 
separately and independently in respect of 
the relevant Type of Underlying Reference[, 
subject as provided  in (b) below].] 
 
 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference 
from the Terms and Conditions in the Base 
Prospectus] 
 
 
Type of Underlying Reference: 
 
 
[one]/[two]/[specify number] 
[combination of] 
 
 
[Index Linked]/[Share Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund Linked]/[Credit Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX 
Rate 
Linked]/[Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked] 
[The terms and conditions of the Notes will be 
construed in accordance with the Credit 
Linked Conditions, provided that the Final 
Redemption Amount (if applicable) shall be 
subject to the [other] Type of Underlying 
Reference and the relevant terms applicable 
thereto.]

--- Page 369 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
369 
 
 
 
[Insert name, ISIN or other unique identifier 
of the Underlying] 
 
 
(b) 
Hybrid Business Day [Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
“Hybrid Business Day” means a day which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in 
the relevant Annex and completed in the 
applicable Final Terms) for each Type of 
Underlying Reference specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each 
date for valuation (e.g. valuation date, 
averaging date, observation date etc.) which is 
the subject of the Hybrid Securities provisions 
should be expressed to be “[●] or if that is not 
a Hybrid Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] 
Hybrid 
Business 
Day”]] 
21. 
Pegasus Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
22. 
Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(If applicable, include sub-paragraphs (i) – (n) of the 
applicable product and delete the other sub- paragraphs) 
 
 
(If the Notes are Fixed Rate and Floating Rate Notes, 
complete prompts (i) to (xiii) accordingly) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[specify the applicable period] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[specify the applicable interest period(s)]/[Current FX 
Memory Coupon Interest Period][Target Final Interest 
Period]/[Current Interest Period]/[Final Interest Period] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify date] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]/ 
[Floating Rate]/[None]/[Not applicable ] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following]/[Modified 
Following]/[Preceding]/ 
[Floating Rate]/[None]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after 
the relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest

--- Page 370 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
370 
 
Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same Business 
Day Convention) (vii) Party  responsible  for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
(vii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[specify the name of the party] 
 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual 360]/[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]/[30/360]/[30E/360 
or 
Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xii) Determination Dates: 
[Not applicable]/[specify date] in each year [insert 
regular payment dates, ignoring issue date or redemption 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.] 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(xiii) Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[If Accrual to Redemption is Not applicable: 
 
 
Accrual to 
Preceding IPED: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable][insert in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
where Accrual to Redemption is Not applicable]] 
 
(xiv) Rate of Interest: 
[specify] percentage per annum][Fixed Rate]/[Fixed 
Rate 
(Resettable)]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked 
Interest]/[Zero Coupon]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Coupon Rate: (Include one or 
more of the following if 
applicable): 
[SPS Fixed Coupon applicable: 
 
(xvi) Rate(i): 
[specify Rate(i) applicable as a number or percentage] 
 
[Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Averaging Date]/[Pricing Date]/[Settlement Price 
Date]/[Not applicable]/[Insert dates] 
 
(ii) 
SPS 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate(i): 
[specify Rate(i) applicable as a number or percentage] 
 
(iv) 
DC Barrier Value: 
[specify barrier value as a number] 
 
(v) 
Barrier Level: 
[specify amount or number]]

--- Page 371 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
371 
 
 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable:  
 
(i) 
Snowball 
Digital 
Coupon 
Condition: 
[greater than]/[less than]/[equal to or greater than]/[less 
than or equal to] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Averaging Date]/[Pricing Date]/[Settlement Price 
Date]/[Not applicable]/[Insert dates] 
 
(iii) 
SPS 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Period: 
[specify valuation period]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
SPS Date Weighting: 
[specify 
number, 
amount or 
percentage]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(v) 
Snowball Barrier Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Snowball Level: 
[specify number, amount or percentage] 
 
[Accrual Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(i) 
[specify Rate(i) applicable as a number or percentage] 
 
(ii) 
SPS 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Period: 
[specify valuation period]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
AC Digital Day: 
[specify date]/[Business Day]/[Exchange Business 
Day]/[Hybrid Business 
Day]/[Scheduled Trading 
Day]/[SPS Coupon Valuation Date] 
 
(iv) 
Barrier Up: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
DC Barrier Value 
[specify barrier value as a number] 
 
(vi) 
AC Digital Coupon Barrier 
Level Down 
[specify percentage, amount or number] 
 
(vii) AC Digital Coupon Barrier 
Level Up 
[specify percentage, amount or number]] 
 
[Stellar Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Floor Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Cap Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Value 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
Min Coupon: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vi) 
k: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(vii) K: 
[specify total number of Underlying References in the 
basket]

--- Page 372 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
372 
 
 
[Underlying Basket Performance 
Coupon 1 
[“greater than”] [“greater than or equal to”] [“less than”] 
[“less than or equal to”] 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Period Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Subsequent Interest Period 
Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Weighting(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Basket Performance Barrier: 
[●]] 
 
[Underlying Basket Performance 
Coupon 2 
 
 
(i) 
Performance: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
r: 
[●]] 
 
[FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Global Cap A: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Global Floor A: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Gearing A: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iv) 
FX Coupon Performance: 
[FX 
Coupon 
Performance 
Value]/[Weighted 
Basket]/[Best Of Weighted Basket]/[Worst Of Weighted 
Basket]/[Multi Basket]/[Ranked Basket] 
 
 
[greater than]/[less than]/[equal to or greater than]/[less 
than or equal to] 
 
(v) 
FI Upper Barrier Level: 
[specify number, level or percentage] 
 
(vi) 
FI Lower Barrier Level: 
[specify number, level or percentage] 
 
(vii) FX Coupon Value: 
[FX Performance Coupon 1]/[FX Performance Coupon 
2]/[FX Performance Coupon 3]/[FX Performance 
Coupon 
4]/[FX 
Performance 
Coupon 
5]/[FX 
Performance Coupon 6]/[FX Performance Coupon 
7]/[FX Performance Coupon 8]/[FX Performance 
Coupon 9]/[FX Performance Coupon 10] 
 
(viii) Relevant Basket: 
[FI Basket 1]/[FI Basket 2] 
 
(ix) 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Each  
[Underlying  
Interest  
Determination 
Date]/[Interest Determination Date]/[Determination 
Date]/[Pricing 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Interest Valuation 
Date]/[Settlement Price 
Date]/[Range Accrual Day]

--- Page 373 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
373 
 
 
(x) 
FX Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FI Digital Coupon Condition 
2: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FI Basket: 
 
 
[FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
FI Digital Coupon Condition: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
FI Basket 1: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
FI Basket 2: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference 1: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Each 
[Underlying 
 
Interest 
 
Determination 
Date]/[Interest Determination Date]/[Determination 
Date]/[Pricing 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Interest Valuation 
Date]/[Settlement Price 
Date]/[Range Accrual Day] 
 
(vi) 
Global Cap A: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Global Floor A: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Gearing A: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
FI Rate A: 
[Rate]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Constant A: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Global Cap B: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) Global Floor B: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) Gearing B: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) FI Rate B: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Constant B: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
[FX 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Global Cap: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Global Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
FI Rate: 
[Rate] 
 
(iv) 
Range Accrual Days: 
[specify the applicable dates] 
 
(v) 
Range Period: 
[specify period]] 
 
[FX Memory Coupon: 
 
 
(i) 
FI Digital Coupon Condition: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 374 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
374 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period: 
[specify the applicable period] 
 
(iv) 
FI Rate A: 
[specify rate as a number or percentage] 
 
(v) 
Paid FX Memory Coupon: 
[specify coupon as a number or percentage] 
 
(vi) 
FI Rate B: 
[specify rate as a number or percentage]] 
 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
FX Digital Coupon Condition: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
FX Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(iii) 
Global Cap A: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing A: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Global Floor A: 
[specify the applicable floor value as a number]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Global Cap B: 
[specify the applicable cap as a number]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(vii) Gearing B: 
[specify the applicable gearing as a number or 
percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Global Floor B: 
[specify the applicable floor value as a number]/[Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Global Cap: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Global Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Local Cap: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Local Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
Global Margin: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vi) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vii) FI Rate: 
[Rate] 
 
(viii) Range Accrual Days: 
[specify the applicable dates] 
 
(ix) 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon 
Condition: 
FI Basket 1]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2]/[Not applicable] 
 
[Combination Floater applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Global Cap: 
[specify percentage]

--- Page 375 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
375 
 
 
(ii) 
Global Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Global Margin: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
FI Rate: 
[specify the applicable rate as a number] 
 
 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Weighting: 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-In Range Value 
[Specify] 
 
 
[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
 
(vii) Knock-in [Range] Level 
[specify price, amount, number of percentage] 
 
(viii) Coupon Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
PRDC Performance Coupon 2: [Final Settlement Price]/[Initial Settlement Price] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(xii) Knock-Out Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(xiii) Knock-Out 
Valuation 
Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiv) Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Knock-out [Range] Level: 
[specify level, amount, number or percentage] 
 
(xvi) Local Cap: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xvii) Local Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xviii) Range Accrual Day: 
[Scheduled Trading Day]/[Business Day]/[Underlying 
Interest 
Determination 
Day]/[Hybrid 
Business 
Day]/[specify date]

--- Page 376 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
376 
 
 
(xix) Range Period: 
[specify period as a number] 
 
(xx) 
FX Coupon Performance: 
FX 
Coupon 
Performance 
Value]/[Weighted 
Basket]/[Best Of Weighted Basket]/[Worst Of Weighted 
Basket]/[Multi Basket]/[Ranked Basket] 
 
 
[greater than]/[less than]/[equal to or greater than]/[less 
than or equal to] 
 
(xxi) FI Interest Valuation Date: 
[Underlying Interest DeterminationDate]/[Interest 
Determination Date]/[Determination Date]/[Pricing 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/[Valuation 
Date]/[Interest 
Valuation Date]/[Settlement Price Date]/[each Range 
Accrual Day] 
 
(xxii) FI Basket 1: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) DC Barrier Value: 
[specify barrier value as a number] 
 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in [Range] Level: 
[specify level, amount, number or percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify period] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Digital Floor Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vii) Digital Floor Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(viii) Digital Floor Condition: 
FI Digital Value [less than]/[equal to] the FI Digital 
Floor Level 
 
(ix) 
FI Digital Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(x) 
FI Digital Floor Level: 
[FX Digital Level]/[specify level] 
 
(xi) 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date]] 
 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date]

--- Page 377 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
377 
 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(v) 
Weighting: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in [Range] Level: 
[specify level] 
 
(vii) Digital Cap Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(viii) Digital Cap Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(x) 
FI Digital Capital Condition: 
FI Digital Value [greater than]/[equal to] to the FI 
Digital Cap Level 
 
(xi) 
FI Digital Cap Level: 
[FX Digital Value]/[specify level] 
 
(xii) Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) SPS Knock-out Valuation 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(xiv) Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify time]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) Weighting: 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xvii) Knock-out [Range] Level: 
[specify level, amount, number or percentage]] 
 
[FI Target Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Target Interest Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(iii) 
Final Interest Rate: 
[Capped and Guaranteed Applicable]/[Capped and 
Guaranteed Not applicable]/[Capped Only]/[Guaranteed 
Only] 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
Target Coupon Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period: 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(viii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Date: 
[specify date]

--- Page 378 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
378 
 
 
(ix) 
AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(x) 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xi) 
AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
[Rate: 
[[●] per cent [per annum] 
 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, specify 
each such rate)] 
 
 
[Floating Rate - [Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
sub-paragraphs of 25 and 26, as applicable, for each such 
rate)] 
 
[Vanilla Call Rate applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Constant Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Value: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
Spread: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vi) 
Floor Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vii) Cap Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
 
 
[Himalaya Coupon applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Period  
[Applicable: specify dates]/ Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Regular Interest Period 
[Applicable: specify dates]/ Not Applicable 
 
(iii) 
Additional Interest Period 
[Applicable: specify dates]/ Not Applicable 
 
(iv) 
r  
[specify rate] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference  
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(vi) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier

--- Page 379 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
379 
 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(vii) Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value 
[Closing 
Level]/[Italian 
Securities 
Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Underlying 
Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level] 
 
(viii) SPS Coupon Valuation Dates 
[Averaging Date]/[Pricing Date]/[Settlement Price 
Date]/[Not applicable]/[Insert dates] 
 
(ix) 
Himalaya Coupon Condition 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] 
VALUATION METHODOLOGIES FOR COUPON PAYMENTS 
23. 
Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(If applicable, include sub-paragraphs (i) – (n) of the 
applicable product and delete the other sub- paragraphs) 
 
[FX Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level 
[specify level as a number] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level: 
[specify level as a number]] 
 
(v) 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Closing 
Price 
Value 
is 
applicable: 
 
 
(vi) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(vii) Closing Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(viii) Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(ix) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(x) 
Fund Share: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
Settlement Price: 
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/[Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date]

--- Page 380 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
380 
 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
EndDay 
Closing Price Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index(ices)] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share
5] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI 6] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI Interest(s)] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund share(s)7] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xiv) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom 
Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)] 
 
(xviii) nEnd days: 
[specify dates]] 
                                                             
5 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market. 
6 All ETIs specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market. 
7 All Fund Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market.

--- Page 381 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
381 
 
 
(xix) Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Barrier Strike Price Average 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xxiii) FX Closing Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) FX Maximum Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) FX Minimum Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) FX Average Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Restrike 
Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index(ies)] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share
8] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI9] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI interest(s)] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of Fund Shares10] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
                                                             
8 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market. 
9 All ETIs specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market. 
10 All Fund Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market.

--- Page 382 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
382 
 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xiv) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom 
Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)]] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
StartDay 
Closing Price Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index(ies)] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share
11] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI interest(s)] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares12] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
                                                             
11 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market. 
12 All Fund Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market.

--- Page 383 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
383 
 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiv) Strike Day: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom 
Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)] 
 
(xviii) nStart days: 
[specify dates]] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Value 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index(ies)] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share
13] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI interest(s)] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
                                                             
13 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market.

--- Page 384 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
384 
 
 
(xiv) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom 
Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Value 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(ii) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Level: 
[specify level as a number] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference FX 
[specify]/[FX Closing Level]/[FX Maximum Level]/[FX 
Minimum Level]/[FX Average Level] 
 
Strike Level: 
 
 
(v) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(vi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage]] 
 
(vii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Basket Value is applicable: 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Strike [specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price

--- Page 385 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
385 
 
Price: 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(viii) Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
(xi) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage]] 
 
[Best Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Averaging 
Date [Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 386 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
386 
 
Consequences: 
 
(viii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(ix) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Rainbow Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/ SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Ranked Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify the number, amount or percentage]] 
 
[Ranked Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier

--- Page 387 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
387 
 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(ix) 
Barrier Percentage Strike Price [specify percentage]] 
 
(x) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Worst Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value: 
[Closing 
Level]/[Italian 
Securities 
Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Underlying 
Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level] 
 
(iv) 
Closing Price: 
[specify price]/[As per Annex 3 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Share Linked Notes] 
 
(v) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled  Trading  Day  (Single  Index 
Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(All 
Indices 
Basis)]/[Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(vii) Share(s): 
[specify specific details of share(s)14]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) ETI: 
(ix) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI]/[Not applicable] 
[specify specific details of ETI interest(s)]/[Not 
applicable] 
                                                             
14 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market.

--- Page 388 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
388 
 
 
(x) 
Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details applicable] of fund shares]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xiii) Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom 
Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (Per 
Custom Index Basis)]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xvii) Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of sponsor]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price 
Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(xix) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
(xx) Underlying Reference FX 
Level: 
[specify level as a number]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level: 
[specify]/[FX Closing Level]/[FX Maximum Level]/[FX 
Minimum Level]/[FX Average Level]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price]/[Not applicable] 
 
[Greatest Underlying Reference Value is applicable: 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate

--- Page 389 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
389 
 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Period: 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Greatest Basket Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout

--- Page 390 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
390 
 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
(xiii) Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage]] 
 
[Greatest Best Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation

--- Page 391 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
391 
 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences:  
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier Percentage Strike Price [specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Greatest Rainbow Value: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Dates(s) 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out

--- Page 392 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
392 
 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
(xiii) Underlying Reference Weighting 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage] 
 
[Greatest Worst Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation

--- Page 393 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
393 
 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Lowest Underlying Reference Value 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation  Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS

--- Page 394 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
394 
 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Lowest Basket Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike [specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price

--- Page 395 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
395 
 
Price: 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Lowest Best Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier  
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] (v) Strike Price: [specify price as a 
number]

--- Page 396 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
396 
 
 
(v) 
Strike Price 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Lowest Rainbow Value: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date]

--- Page 397 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
397 
 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
(xiii) Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage]] 
 
[Lowest Worst Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Strike 
Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 398 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
398 
 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Average 
Underlying 
Reference 
Value: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage]

--- Page 399 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
399 
 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Average Basket Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage specified] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by

--- Page 400 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
400 
 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Average Best Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[ SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Average Rainbow Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation

--- Page 401 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
401 
 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage specified] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Average Worst Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS Call Valuation Period]/[SPS Put Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in Determination Period]/[Knockout

--- Page 402 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
402 
 
Determination 
Period]/[SPS 
ACS 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike  
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]]] 
24. 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be determined) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
 
[Resettable Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 403 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
403 
 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/or] [●]. Insert particulars of any 
Initial or Final Broken Amounts of interest which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(iv) 
Resettable Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable [annually/ semi [●] 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
 
(d) 
First Reset Date: 
 
 
(e) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
(f) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
(h) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(i) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[specify date] 
 
(j) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date: 
[specify date] 
 
 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(k) 
Relevant Time: 
[specify time]] 
25. 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined) 
 
(i) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
26. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR][EURIBOR][MOSPRIME]

--- Page 404 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
404 
 
 
 
(Either LIBOR, EURIBOR or MOSPRIME, [including 
fallback provisions in the Agency Agreement]) 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR) and second TARGET2 day prior to the [●] start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
(iii) 
Specified Time: 
[●] (which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify page] 
 
(v) 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
27. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
- ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28. 
Zero Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
29. 
Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[●] 
 
(for avoidance of doubt this does not 
include custom indicies) 
 
 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify currency] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[●]

--- Page 405 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
405 
 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] [the 
provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(vii) Observation Date(s): 
[[●]/Not applicable].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day/[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
[the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
 
(viii) Observation Period: 
[specify dates]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Specified Maximum Days of  
Disruption: 
[[●] Scheduled Trading Days]/[8 Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(xii) Exchange(s) 
and 
Index  
Sponsor: 
(a) 
 relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]; and 
 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [●]. 
 
(xiii) Related Exchange: 
[specify name of exchange]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(xiv) Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked Notes]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[[●], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for

--- Page 406 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
406 
 
the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
is specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xvi) Index Correction Period: 
[specify period]/[one Settlement Cycle] 
 
(xvii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow] [Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(xviii) Trade Date: 
[specify date] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[([The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
if applicable: 
 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [●]/[eight]: 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
30. 
Share Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 407 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
407 
 
 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/ 
Basket of Shares/GDR/ADR: 
[●]15 
 
 
[GDR/ADR applicable] [Insert GDR/ADR]16 
 
(ii) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify currency] 
 
(iv) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify ISIN] 
 
(v) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[specify applicable screen page or exchange code] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[The Interest Valuation Time is [●], being the time [●] 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation 
of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time is specified, 
the Interest Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time) 
 
(ix) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(x) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [●]/[Not applicable].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/ 
[Omission/Postponement/ 
Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify date(s)]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] (standard election is All Shares Basis) 
                                                             
15 All Shares/GDRs/ADRs specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open 
market. 
16 Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete 
Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s).

--- Page 408 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
408 
 
 
(xiii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(xiv) Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]. 
 
(xv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify name of exchange(s)]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(xvi) Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Share Linked 
Notes]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash 
Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
 
(xvii) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
 
 
[The Valuation Time is [●], being the time specified 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time is specified, the 
Interest Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time) 
 
(xviii) Share Correction Period: 
[specify period]/[one Settlement Cycle] 
 
(xix) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply:] 
 
 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Increased Cost of 
Hedging] [Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [●] per cent.] 
 
(xx) 
Trade Date: 
[specify date] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional

--- Page 409 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
409 
 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xxi) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [●]/[eight]: 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(xxii) Tender Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Listing Change: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: Principal 
Protected Termination Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
31. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity 
Indices 
(for 
avoidance of doubt this does 
not include custom indices): 
[●] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices 
is/are [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
 
The Price Source is/are [●] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Nearby Month 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Specified Price: 
[specify applicable price as a number] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]/ [Not applicable]

--- Page 410 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
410 
 
 
(x) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[●]/[five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to two) (applicable only to Price Source 
Disruption or Trading Disruption) 
 
(xi) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 8]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is [●] 
32. 
Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [If an unlisted fund, it 
must be a UCITS or an investment fund authorised by 
the Central Bank or the competent authority of another 
EU member state deemed equivakent.] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[The [●] Fund is a Mutual Fund]  
[The [●] Fund is a Hedge Fund]  
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify date(s)]/[each Fund Business Day] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify date]/[Hedging Date] 
 
(vii) Final Calculation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Hedging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify 
percentage]/[Mutual 
Fund 
50 
per 
cent.]/[Hedge Fund 50 per cent.] 
 
(x) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(xi) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[specify number of days][in relation to a Mutual Fund, 
5 calendar days]/[in relation to a Hedge Fund, 10 
calendar days] 
 
(xii) AUM Level: 
[specify level as a number]/[in relation to a Mutual 
Fund, EUR 50,000,000 (the equivalent in any other 
currency)]/[in relation to a Hedge Fund, EUR 
50,000,000 (the equivalent in any other currency)] 
 
(xiii) Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify level as a number]/[50 per cent.]

--- Page 411 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
411 
 
 
(xiv) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Termination Amounts:      
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non- 
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify 
amount as a number]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify spread as a percentage]/[minus 0.125 per 
cent] 
 
(xvii) Termination Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xviii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [●] 
 
(xix) Protected Amount: 
[specify amount as a number] per Specified 
Denomination 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) Delayed Payment 
Cut-Off  
Date: 
[specify date]/[two calendar years after the [Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date]/[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date]/[Termination Date]] 
33. 
ETI Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify details of ETI interest][ownership interest in 
an ETI][exchange traded note]/[exchange traded 
commodity]/[a unit]/[a note] 
 
 
[specify details of ETI Interest] 
 
(iii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[specify name of ETI related party] 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, 
 
 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal

--- Page 412 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
412 
 
to eight) 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify name of exchange(s)]/[All Exchanges]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(vii) Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(viii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify date(s)]/[each day Exchange Business Day] 
 
(x) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify date]/[Hedging Date] 
 
(xi) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xii) [specify date] 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Investment/AUM Level: 
[specify amount as a number]/[EUR 50,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency)] 
 
(xiv) Value per ETI Interest Trading 
Price Barrier: 
[specify]/[5 per cent.] 
 
(xv) 
Number of Value Publication 
Days: 
[●] calendar days]/[[●] Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 3(e))] 
 
 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify name]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Business Days) 
 
(xvi) NAV Trigger Percentage:  
[specify]/[in relation to a Mutual Fund 50 per cent.]/[in 
relation to a Hedge Fund 50 per cent.] 
 
(xvii) NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify date(s)] 
 
(xviii) Basket Trigger Level:  
[specify level as a number or percentage]/[50 per 
cent.] 
 
(xix) Settlement Price: 
Official closing price]/[NAV per ETI Interest] 
 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(xxi) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xxii) Maximum Stock Loan Rate:   
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [●].] 
 
(xxiii) ETI Interest Correction Period: 
[●]/[one Settlement Cycle] 
 
(xxiv) Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non- 
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/ [specify 
amount as a number] 
 
(xxv) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify spread as a number]/[minus 0.125 per cent]

--- Page 413 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
413 
 
 
(xxvi) Termination Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xxvii) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [●][eight (8)] Scheduled Trading Days 
 
(xxviii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in the case of ETI Linked Notes] [specify] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to an ETI Basket) 
 
(xxix) Protected Amount: 
[Not applicable]/[specify amount as a number] per 
Specified Denomination 
 
(xxx) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxxi) Delayed Payment 
Cut-Off   
Date: 
[specify date]/[two calendar years after the [Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date]/[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date]/[Termination Date]] 
34. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
The relevant base currency 
(the “Base Currency”) is: 
[specify currency] 
 
(ii) 
The relevant subject a]/[the] 
“Subject Currency”) [is/are]: 
[specify currency] 
 
(iii) 
Weighting: 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Price Source: 
[specify details of publication] 
 
(v) 
Disruption Event: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [●]/[five] 
 
 
(If no specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
 
(vi) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(vii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify name of screen page] 
 
(viii) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Optional 
Additional 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption

--- Page 414 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
414 
 
Disruption Events: 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[[The Trade Date is [●].] 
35. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(If applicable, identify each Underlying Interest Ratew 
which is a Multiple Underlying Component Rate) 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
“Underlying Interest Rate1:”) 
 
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Underlying Reference Rate: 
[specify reference rate] 
 
 
(Either LIBOR, EURIBOR, MOSPRIME) 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[specify time] 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify name of screen page] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option:  
[specify floating rate] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify maturity] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[specify date] 
 
• 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 415 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
415 
 
 
(vii) Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
“Underlying Interest Rate2:” and repeat items 36(ii) to 
(vii). 
 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
36. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
37. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
38. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Amount x [●] per cent.]/[Final Payout] 
[As per Credit Linked Conditions and paragraph 48 
(Credit Linked Notes) below] 
39. 
Final Payout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, include sub-paragraphs (i) – (n) of the 
applicable product and delete the other sub-paragraphs) 
 
[SPS Payouts 
[SPS Fixed Percentage Notes: 
 
(i) 
Constant Percentage 1 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Valuation Time 
[specify time] 
 
(v) 
Weighting: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in [Range] Level 
[specify level as a number or percentage] 
 
(vii) Knock-in Determination Day 
[specify time] 
 
(viii) Knock-in Determination 
Period 
[specify time] 
 
(ix) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage]

--- Page 416 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
416 
 
 
(xi) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) 
Option: 
[Put]/[Put Spread]/[EDS][Forward] 
 
(xiii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xiv) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9]  
 
 
 
[SPS Vanilla Products: 
 
(i) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Floor Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Notes: 
 
(i) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Coupon Valuation  
 
 
[Vanilla Put Spread Notes: 
 
(i) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period] 
 
 
[Vanilla Digital Notes: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Knock-in Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage]

--- Page 417 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
417 
 
 
(x) 
Bonus Coupon: 
[specify bonus coupon as a number]] 
 
 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Knock-in Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Gearing: 
[specify gearing as a number or percentage] 
 
(viii) Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Gearing: 
[specify gearing as a number or percentage] 
 
(xi) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period] 
 
(xii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
 
[Himalaya Notes Type 1: 
 
(i) 
Constant Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Gearing: 
[specify gearing as a number or percentage] 
 
(iii) 
M: 
[SPS Valuation Dates]/[SPS Valuation Periods] 
 
(iv) 
Best Lock Value: 
[specify best lock value as a number] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Basket: 
[FI Basket 1]/[FI Basket 2] 
 
(vi) 
Underlying Reference(s): 
[Index Linked]/[Share Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund Linked]/[Credit Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate

--- Page 418 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
418 
 
Linked][Insert specific details of 
Index/Share/Commodity/Fund/ETI/FX 
Rate/Underlying Interest/Credit Linked (include 
details such as name, ISIN number and any other 
relevant unique identifier)] 
 
(vii) Relevant Basket: 
[specify details of basket] 
 
 
[Himalaya Notes Type 2:  
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference 
[Index Linked]/[Share Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund Linked]/[Credit Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value:  
[Closing Level]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement Price]/[Underlying Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level] 
 
(iv) 
SPS Valuation Date:  
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation Date]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in Determination Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation Date]/[SPS Call Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date]] 
 
 
[Himalaya Notes Type 3: 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference 
[Index Linked]/[Share Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund Linked]/[Credit Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value:  
[Closing Level]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement Price]/[Underlying Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level] 
 
(iv) 
Leverage Factor:  
[specify amount or percentage] 
 
(v) 
SPS Valuation Date:  
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation Date]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation

--- Page 419 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
419 
 
Date]/[Knock-in Determination Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation Date]/[SPS Call Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(vi) 
Himalaya Condition 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to]] 
 
 
[Auto-Callable Products 
 
 
[Autocall Notes: 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Condition: 
[specify percentage, amount or number] 
 
(ii) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iv) 
Constant Percentage 3: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
FR Exit Rate: 
[FR Rate]/[FR Athena up Rate]/[FR CSN Rate] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
 
 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(viii) Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(x) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(xi) 
Coupon Airbag Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xiii) Option: 
[Put]/[Put Spread]/[EDS]/[Forward] 
 
 
[Autocall Standard Notes: 
 
(i) 
FR Barrier Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Condition 
Level: 
[specify percentage, amount or number] 
 
(iii) 
FR Exit Rate: 
[FR Rate: [●]]/[FR Athena up Rate]/[FR CSN Rate] 
 
(iv) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less  
than]/[less than or equal to]/[within]

--- Page 420 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
420 
 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(vii) Knock-in Value 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(viii) Coupon Airbag Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Final Redemption Value 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
[divided by [●]] 
 
(x) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
 
[Indexation Products 
 
(i) 
FR Barrier Value: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(v) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vi) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vii) Up Final Redemption Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(viii) Down 
Final 
Redemption 
Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(ix) 
Cap Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xii) Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xiii) Final Redemption Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(xiv) Additional Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xv) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage]

--- Page 421 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
421 
 
 
(xvi) Cap Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Notes: 
 
(i) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Knock-out Level/Knock-out Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vii) Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(viii) Gearing Up: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing Down: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) Floor Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xiii) Cap Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xiv) Constant Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xv) 
Gearing Up: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xvi) Gearing Down: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xvii) Option Up: 
[Up Call]/[Up Call Spread]/[Up Forward]/[Up Put 
Up]/[Put Spread] 
 
(xviii) Option Down: 
[Down Put]/[Down Put Spread]/[Down 
Forward]/[Down Call]/[Down Call Spread] 
 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date]

--- Page 422 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
422 
 
 
(v) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vii) Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify date] [Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing Up: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Option Up: 
[Up Call]/[Up Call Spread]/[Up Forward]/[Up Put]/[Up 
Put Spread] 
 
(xi) 
Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Securities: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Level/Knock-out Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(vii) Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(viii) Constant Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing Up: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Gearing Down: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
Option Up: 
[Up Call/][Up Call Spread]/[Up Forward]/[Up Put]/ 
[Up Put Spread] 
 
(xii) Option Down: 
[Down 
Put]/[Down 
Put 
Spread]/[Down  
Forward]/[Down Call]/[Down Call Spread]] 
 
 
[Stellar Notes: 
 
(i) 
Global Floor Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ii) 
k: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate

--- Page 423 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
423 
 
Linked][Insert 
specific 
details 
of 
Index/Share/Commodity/Fund/ETI/FX Rate (include 
details such as name, ISIN number and any other 
relevant unique identifier)] 
 
(iii) 
K: 
[specify number] 
 
(iv) 
Local Floor Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(v) 
Cap Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(vi) 
Final Redemption Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(vii) Strike Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Vanilla Delta Notes: 
 
(i) 
Delta Final Valuation Date: 
[Specify date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(vii) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
 
[Vanilla Performance Delta Notes: 
 
(i) 
Delta Final Valuation Date: 
[Specify date] 
 
(ii) 
Delta Initial Valuation Date: 
[Specify date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vii) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(viii) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date]

--- Page 424 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
424 
 
 
 
[Final Basket Performance Notes 
 
(i) 
Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Leverage 
Factor: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
QR Price in respect of the 
Basket Price: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
QR Price in respect of the 
Final Price: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
QR Price in respect of the 
Initial Price: 
[●] 
 
 
[Final Participation Notes 
 
(i) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
r: 
[●] 
 
FI Payouts 
FI FX Vanila Notes: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) FI Constant Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
[FI Digital Floor Notes 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less

--- Page 425 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
425 
 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(viii) FI Constant Percentage: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
Gearing: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
Floor: 
[specify percentage] 
 
 
[FI Digital Cap Notes 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Value:  
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Level/Knock-out Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-out Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(xii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiv) FI Constant Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage]

--- Page 426 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
426 
 
 
(xv) 
Digital Floor Percentage 1: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xvi) Digital Floor Percentage 2: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xvii) FI Digital Floor Condition: 
FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is 
less than]/ [equal]to the FI Digital Floor Level 
 
(xviii) FI 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date: 
[specify date]] 
 
 
[FI Digital Plus Notes: 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-in Level/Knock-in Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Value:  
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(vii) Knock-in Determination Day: 
[specify date] [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify dates] [Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Level/Knock-out Range Level: [●]] 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(xii) Knock-out Value: 
[Insert from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 or 1.9] 
 
(xiii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiv) Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
FI Digital Value: 
[specify value as a number] 
 
(xvi) FI Valuation Date:: 
[specify date] 
VALUATION METHOD FOR REDEMPTION PAYMENT 
39. 
Payout Conditions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs

--- Page 427 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
427 
 
of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, include sub-paragraphs (i) – (n) of the 
applicable product and delete the other sub-paragraphs) 
 
[FX Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level 
[specify level as a number or percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level: 
[specify level as a number or percentage]] 
 
[Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Closing Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Fund Share: 
[specify details of fund shares] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Price: 
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/[Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
EndDay 
Closing Price Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index]

--- Page 428 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
428 
 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share17] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI Interests] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund  Business  Day  (Single  Fund  Share 
Basis)]/[Fund Business Day (All 
Fund Shares 
Basis)]/[Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xiv) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single 
Custom Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (All Custom Indices Custom Index 
Basis)] 
 
(xviii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(Single 
Share 
Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(All 
Shares 
Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(Per 
Share 
Basis)]/[Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)]] 
 
(xix) Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Barrier Strike Price Average 
Value: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xxiii) FX Closing Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) FX Maximum Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxv) FX Minimum Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) FX Average Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
                                                             
17 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market

--- Page 429 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
429 
 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Restrike 
Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share18] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI Interests] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify name] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xiv) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single 
Custom Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)]] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
StartDay 
Closing Price Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
                                                             
18 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market

--- Page 430 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
430 
 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share19] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI Interests] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify name] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xiv) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single 
Custom Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)]] 
 
(xviii) nStart days: 
[specify dates]] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Value 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
                                                             
19 All Shares specified must be traded on a regulated, regularly operating, recognised open market

--- Page 431 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
431 
 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS EndDay Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike Date] 
 
(iii) 
Index(ices): 
[specify specific details of index] 
 
(iv) 
Share: 
[specify specific details of share] 
 
(v) 
ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI] 
 
(vi) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI Interests] 
 
(vii) Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity] 
 
(viii) Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index] 
 
(ix) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares] 
 
(x) 
Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)] 
 
(xi) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name] 
 
(xii) Strike Date: 
[specify name] 
 
(xiii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xiv) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Settlement Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xvii) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single 
Custom Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)]] 
 
[Underlying 
Reference 
Value 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(ii) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Level: 
[specify level as a number or percentage]

--- Page 432 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
432 
 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level: 
[specify]/[FX 
Closing 
Level]/[FX 
Maximum 
Level]/[FX Minimum Level]/[FX Average Level] 
 
(v) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(vi) 
Barrier 
Percentage Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage]] 
 
(vii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Basket Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(v) 
Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(viii) Barrier 
Percentage Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(ix) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
(xi) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage]]

--- Page 433 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
433 
 
 
[Best Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(ix) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Rainbow Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity

--- Page 434 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
434 
 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Ranked Value: 
[specify ranking as a number] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify the number, amount or percentage]] 
 
[Rainbow Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(ix) 
Barrier 
Percentage Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(x) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Worst Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out

--- Page 435 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
435 
 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value: 
[Closing 
Level]/[Italian 
Securities 
Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Underlying 
Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level] 
 
(iv) 
Closing Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[As per Annex 3 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Notes)] 
 
(v) 
Index(ices): 
[specify details of index]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(Single 
Index 
Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Trading Day 
(All 
Indices 
Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
(Per 
Index 
Basis)]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Share: 
[specify specific details of share]/[Not applicable 
 
(viii) ETI: 
[specify specific details of ETI]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[specify specific details of ETI interests]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(x) 
Commodity: 
[specify specific details of commodity]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Commodity Index: 
[specify specific details of commodity index]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) Fund Share(s): 
[specify specific details of fund shares]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) Fund Business Day: 
[Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)]/[Fund 
Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)]/[Fund Business 
Day (Per Fund Share Basis)]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) Fund Service Provider: 
[specify name]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xvi) Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single 
Custom Index Basis)]/[Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)]/[Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index 
Basis)]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) Index Sponsor: 
[specify details of sponsor]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify amount]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike 
Price Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price Minimum

--- Page 436 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
436 
 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier  Strike  Price  Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(xix) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Underlying Reference 
FX 
Level: 
[specify]/[FX 
Closing 
Level]/[FX 
Maximum 
Level]/[FX Minimum Level]/[FX Average Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xxi) Underlying Reference 
FX 
Strike Level: 
[specify]/[FX 
Closing 
Level]/[FX 
Maximum 
Level]/[FX Minimum Level]/[FX Average Level]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xxii) Strike Period: 
[specify dates]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike  
Price: 
[specify percentage]/[Not applicable] 
 
[Greatest 
Underlying 
Reference 
Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
[specify value as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price

--- Page 437 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
437 
 
Price: 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Greatest Basket Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Underlying: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify value as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum

--- Page 438 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
438 
 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
(xiii) Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage]] 
 
[Greatest Best Value is applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify]/[Strike Price Closing Value]/[Strike Price 
Maximum 
Value]/[Strike 
Price 
Minimum 
Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier Strike 
Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Maximum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Average Value]

--- Page 439 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
439 
 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Greatest Rainbow Value: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date]

--- Page 440 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
440 
 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
(xiii) Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage]] 
 
[Greatest Worst Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date]

--- Page 441 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
441 
 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]/[Underlying 
Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level]] 
 
[Lowest Underlying Reference Value 
applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 442 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
442 
 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Lowest Basket Value is applicable: 
 xx 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 443 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
443 
 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Lowest Best Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Lowest Rainbow Value: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation

--- Page 444 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
444 
 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging Date 
 Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
(xiii) Underlying 
Reference  
Weighting: 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage]] 
 
[Lowest Worst Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption

--- Page 445 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
445 
 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging Date 
 Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Average 
Underlying 
Reference 
Value: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period]

--- Page 446 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
446 
 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Average Basket Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS

--- Page 447 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
447 
 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage specified] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Average Best Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike

--- Page 448 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
448 
 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Average Rainbow Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked]

--- Page 449 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
449 
 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Reference 
Weighting: 
[specify number, amount or percentage specified] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging 
Date 
Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(xi) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xii) FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
 
[Average Worst Value applicable: 
 
 
(i) 
SPS Valuation Period: 
[SPS ER Valuation Period]/[SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period]/[SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Call 
Valuation 
Period]/[SPS 
Put 
Valuation Period]/[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period]/[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation 
Period]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Period]/[Knockout Determination Period]/[SPS ACS 
Valuation Period]/[SPS APS Valuation Period] 
 
(ii) 
SPS Valuation Date(s): 
[SPS Coupon Valuation Date]/[SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS ER Valuation Date]/[SPS FR 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS 
FR 
Barrier 
Valuation 
Date]/[Knock-in 
Determination 
Day]/[Knock-out 
Determination Day]/[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date]/[SPS End Day Valuation Date]/[SPS 
StartDay Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Call 
Valuation 
Date]/[SPS Put Valuation Date]/[SPS ACS Valuation 
Date]/[Strike Day]/[SPS APS Valuation Date]/[Strike 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
Linked]/[Share 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Reference Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number]/[Strike Price Closing 
Value]/[Strike Price Maximum Value]/[Strike Price 
Minimum Value]/[Strike Price Average Value]/[Barrier

--- Page 450 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
450 
 
Strike Price Closing Value]/[Barrier Strike Price 
Maximum Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Minimum 
Value]/[Barrier Strike Price Average Value] 
 
(v) 
Strike Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Averaging Date 
 Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Strike Period: 
[specify dates] 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Percentage 
Strike 
Price: 
[specify price as a number] 
 
(xi) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) FX Value: 
[Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided 
by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level] 
40. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Underlying 
Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon Automatic 
Early 
Redemption] [Standard Automatic Early 
Redemption[- Automatic Early Redemption Event 1]]: 
“greater than”/”greater than or equal to”/”less 
than”/”less than or equal to”][Standard Automatic Early 
Redemption - Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 
Applicable: “greater than”/”greater than or equal 
to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”] [Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 1: 
AER Redemption Percentage: [specify percentage] 
AER Exit Rate: [AER Rate]/[AER Athena up 
Rate]/[AER CSN Rate] 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Automatic Early Redemption Percentage or Target 
Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon/[Final Coupon 
Rate x the Final Day Count Fraction]/[Min (Final 
Coupon 
Rate 
x 
Min 
([Final 
Day 
Count 
Fraction]/[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage]/[Target Coupon Percentage] - 
Paid 
Coupon)]/ Max (Final Coupon Rate x [Final Day Count 
Fraction]/[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage]/[Target Coupon Percentage] - 
Paid 
Coupon)]; 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption] [Accrual

--- Page 451 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
451 
 
to Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage Down]/[less than or equal to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up] 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption: Rate of 
Interest x Day Count Fraction 
Current Interest Period is [equal to]/[greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage]; 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 2 
[Acceleration Event: Applicable: [greater than]/[greater 
than or equal to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to]]/Not 
Applicable] 
[Illiquidity Event: Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify dates] 
 
(v) 
[(A)] 
Automatic 
 
Early 
Redemption [Price] [Level] 
[1]: 
[specify price] 
 
[B] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
[specify price] 
 
[Price][Level] 2: 
 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up: 
[[●] per cent.][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Down: 
[[●] per cent.][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
AER Rate: 
[specify rate as a number] 
 
(x) 
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify date(s)/period] 
 
 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify date(s)/period] 
 
 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify date(s)/period] 
 
 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days prior to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date)] 
 
(xii) Observation Price Source: 
[specify details of source]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) Underlying Reference Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[Bid 
price]/[Asked price]/Standard Underlying Reference

--- Page 452 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
452 
 
Level]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) SPS AER Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]: 
 
(xv) 
AER Event 1 Underlyings: 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) AER Event 2 Underlyings: 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xix) Cut-off Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Early Redemption Leverage 
Factor: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) QR Price in respect of the 
Basket Price: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) QR Price in respect of the 
Final Price: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
Related Disposal Period: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) QR Price in respect of the 
Initial Price: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
41. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[specify dates] 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify dates] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [●] percent] 
 
 
[SPS Call Payout 
 
 
[Maximum SPS Call Payout: [●]]/[Minimum SPS Call 
Payout: [●]]20] 
[Delta Call Payout 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
                                                             
20 Delete maximum SPS Call Payout and/or Minimum SPS Call Payout if not applicable

--- Page 453 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
453 
 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
(vi) 
Maximum SPS Call Payout: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum SPS Call Payout:  
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Delta Performance Call Payout 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum SPS Call Payout: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Minimum SPS Call Payout:  
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Delta Call Initial Valuation 
Date:  
[●]] 
 
 
Participation Call Payout 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Participation 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Weighting 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
r: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
42. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 454 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
454 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [●] percent] 
 
 
[SPS Put Payout] 
[Maximum SPS Put Payout]/[Minimum SPS Put 
Payout] 
43. 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
44. 
Index Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify details of screen page] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify]/[eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
[Modified Postponement] 
(Only applicable if 
Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
[●] to: [●]/[eight]] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
(vii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [●]]/[Not applicable] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date / [Omission / Postponement / Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Period: 
[specify dates]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)]

--- Page 455 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
455 
 
 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(xii) Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor: 
(a) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]; and 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [●]. 
 
(xiii) Related Exchange: 
[specify exchange(s)]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(xiv) Weighting: 
[Not applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked Notes] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Indices) 
 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date] /[during the Observation 
Period.] [[●], being the time specified on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, for the calculation of the Settlement Price.] 
(N.B. If no time specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time) (N.B. Only applicable to 
Indices other than Custom Indices) 
 
 
[●] being the time specified on the Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date or Observation Date as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no 
time specified, the Valuation Time will be as per the 
Conditions) (N.B. Only applicable to Custom Indices) 
 
(xvi) Index Correction Period: 
[specify period]/[one Settlement Cycle] 
 
(xvii) Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(xviii) Trade Date: 
[specify date] 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] is 
[●].] 
(A/R [●] is applicable)] 
(b) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] is 
[●].] 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional

--- Page 456 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
456 
 
Additional Disruption Event: [Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Principal 
Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [●]/[eight]: 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: Principal 
Protected Termination Amount: [Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
45. 
Share Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
[●] 
 
Company/Basket 
[GDR]/[ADR applicable] 
 
Company/[GDR/ADR]: 
[[GDR]/[ADR] applicable: [Insert [GDR]/[ADR]]21 
 
(ii) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify currency] 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify ISIN] 
 
(v) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[specify screen page/exchange code] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if 
Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
[●] to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
                                                             
21 Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete 
Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s).

--- Page 457 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
457 
 
to eight) 
 
(viii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [●]/Not applicable].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify dates]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] (standard election is All Shares Basis) 
 
(xii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share [●] 
Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(xiii) Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]. 
 
(xiv) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify exchange(s)]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(xv) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Share Linked 
Notes]/[specify weighting as a number or percentage]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Shares) 
 
(xvi) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date]/[during the Observation 
Period.] [The Valuation Time is [●], being the time 
specified on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation 
of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xvii) Share Correction Period: 
[specify dates]/[one Settlement Cycle] 
 
(xviii) Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] [Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.] 
 
Trade Date 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is

--- Page 458 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
458 
 
[●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [●]/[eight] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
 
(xx) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) Listing Change: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[●] 
 
(xxiii) Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
46. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity / Commodities / 
Commodity 
Index 
/ 
Commodity Indices: 
[●] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices is/are 
[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date:  
[specify date]

--- Page 459 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
459 
 
 
(v) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[●] 
The Price Source is/are: [●] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[●]/ [Not applicable] 
[●] 
 
(vii) Nearby Month: 
[●]/ [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Specified Price: 
[●]/ [Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●] / [Not [●] 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[●]/[five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
 
(xi) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 8]/[Not 
applicable] 
[●] 
 
(xii) Optional Additional 
Disruption Events 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
[Change in Law]/[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [●].]) 
 
(xiii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Commodity Basket is [●] 
47. 
Fund Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[●] 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Mutual Fund] [The [●] Fund is a 
Hedge Fund] 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
(ii) 
Fund Share(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[●]/[each day which is a Fund Business Day] 
 
(vi) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Final Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify date]

--- Page 460 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
460 
 
 
(ix) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify details] 
 
(x) 
Hedging Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
AUM Level: 
[specify level as a number or percentage]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[●]/[with respect to a Mutual Fund 50 per cent.]/[with 
respect to a Hedge Fund 50 per cent.] 
 
(xiii) NAV Trigger Period: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[●]/[50 per cent.] 
 
(xvi) Termination Amounts: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/ [Non- 
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/ [specify] 
 
(xvii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify spread as a number or percentage]/[minus 
0.125 per cent.] 
 
(xviii) Termination Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xix) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprises the Fund Basket is [●] 
 
(xx) 
Protected Amount: 
[specify amount] 
 
(xxi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) [Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify date]] 
48. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes 
[Single Reference Entity CLN] 
 
 
[Nth-to-Default CLN] 
 
 
N: [●] 
 
 
[Basket CLN] 
 
(ii) 
Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [“Reference Obligation 
Only Trade” is Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Maturity Payment Deferal: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] [[●]Business Days

--- Page 461 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
461 
 
following the Scheduled Maturity Date (specify 
number between 2 and 5 Business Days)] 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculation and 
determinations pursuant to 
Annex 6 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Reference Entity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[●]/[In respect of each Reference Entity, an amount in 
the Specified Currency equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes]/[In respect of each Reference 
Entity, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to 
[insert fraction] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes] 
 
(x) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[The below Reference Obligation[s] in respect of the 
Reference 
Entit[y][ies]]/[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation is applicable. The Seniority Level is [Senior 
Level / Subordinated Level]] 
 
 
[Any one or more Valuation Obligations] 
 
[List first Reference Entity if 
more than one] 
 
 
[Primary Obligor: 
[●] 
 
Guarantor: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
 
            Original Issue Amount: 
[●]] 
 
If more than one Reference Entity, 
repeat the above for each Reference 
Entity] 
 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Obligation: Include 
Non-Affected 
Reference 
Entities 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) All Guarantees: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) [Credit Events: 
The following Credit Event[s] shall apply to this 
Transaction: 
 
 
[[Bankruptcy] 
 
 
[Modified Russia Definition: [Applicable]] 
 
 
[[Failure to Pay] 
[Modified Definition [Applicable]

--- Page 462 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
462 
 
 
 
[Grace Period Extension Applicable] 
 
 
[Grace Period:  
] 
 
 
Payment Requirement: [ 
]] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[The Obligation Default shall also mean any 
restrictions imposed and/or applied by a Reference 
Entity with regards to an amount of cash which can be 
withdrawn from deposit accounts with such Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such restrictions are 
temporary or permanent)] 
 
 
[Default Requirement:  [●]] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Default Requirement:  [●]] 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
 
[Default Requirement:  [●]] 
 
 
[Mod R:  
[Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod Mod R: 
[Applicable] 
 
 
[[Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation:] 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Modified Definition: [Applicable] 
 
 
[Default Requirement: [●]] 
 
 
[Additional Credit Event:] [Illegality]]22 
 
(xiv) [Obligation(s):  
Obligation Category (select only one) 
 
 
[Payment] 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
                                                             
22 Do not include if already covered by the applicable Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix

--- Page 463 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
463 
 
 
 
Obligation Characteristics (Select all that apply): 
 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
 
[Specified Currency] 
 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [ 
]] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
[Excluded Obligations]]21 
 
(xv) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement]/[Physical Settlement]/[Cash 
Settlement] 
 
 
[Include below if Cash Settlement applies 
 
 
Weighted Average Final Price [Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
Final Price [as per Credit Linked Condition 10][●%]] 
 
(xii)  
Fallback 
Settlement 
Method:  
[Cash 
Settlement]/[Physical 
Settlement]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xiii) [Deliverable Obligation(s): 
Deliverable Obligation Category (select only one): 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: (select all that 
apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency means [  ]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan]

--- Page 464 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
464 
 
 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [ ]] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer]]23 
 
(xiv) Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations22 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Partial Cash Settlement of 
Consent 
Required 
Loans 
Applicable22: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Partial Cash Settlement of 
Assignable Loans Applicable22 Do 
not include if already covered by 
the applicable Transaction Type in 
the Physical Settlement 
(xvi) Matrix: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii)  
Quotation: 
[Include Accrued Interest / Exclude Accrued Interest] 
 
(xiii) Settlement Deferral: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) Cut-off Date:  
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Settlement Currency  
[Specify] 
 
(xvi) Merger Event: 
[Credit Linked Condition 2.3 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
(If applicable):  
[Merger Event Redemption Date: [●]] 
 
(xvii) LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) Financial Reference Entity 
Terms17 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] 
[“Governmental 
Intervention” is applicable] [“Senior Transaction” is 
applicable][“Subordinated Transaction” is applicable] 
 
(xix) Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement: 
[As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
4]/[Not 
applicable]/[Asset Package Delivery is applicable] 
 
(xxi) Cessation of Interest Accrual: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)]/[As per Credit 
Linked Condition 3.1(b)] 
 
(xxii) Interest: 
[Specify rate of interest applicable to the Notes 
expressed as a percentage per annum] 
                                                             
23 Do not include if already covered by the applicable Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix

--- Page 465 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
465 
 
 
(xxiii) Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Additional Credit Linked Note 
Disruption Events: 
[The following Additional Credit Linked Note 
Disruption Events apply:] [Not applicable] 
(Specify each of the Following which applies.)  
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
(xxv) CLN Business Days: 
[Specify]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xxvi) Restructuring: 
[Credit Linked Condition 8.4 (Multiple Holder 
Obligations) shall not apply] 
 
(xxvii) NTCE Supplement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
49. 
ETI Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI interest(s)] 
 
(iii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[specify details] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]. [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify exchange(s)]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All 
ETI 
Interests 
Basis]/[Per 
ETI 
Interest 
Basis]/[Single ETI Interest Basis] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(vii) Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/ Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
(standard election is All ETI interest Basis) 
 
(viii) Calculation Date(s): 
[specify dates]/[each Exchange Business Day] 
 
(ix) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Hedging Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Investment/AUM Level: 
[specify level as a number]/[EUR 50,000,000 (or the

--- Page 466 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
466 
 
equivalent in any other currency)] 
 
(xiii) Value 
per 
ETI 
Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[specify as a number or percentage]/[5%] 
 
(xiv) Number of Value Publication 
Days: 
[●] calendar days] [●] Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 3(e))] 
 
 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify name]  
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Business Days)] 
 
(xv) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[specify percentage]/[50 per cent.] 
 
(xvi) Value Trigger Period: 
[specify dates]/[from and including the Initial 
Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation 
Date] 
 
(xvii) Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify percentage]/[50 per cent.] 
 
(xviii) Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
 
(xix) Disrupted Day: 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
[The Averaging Dates are [●].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
[Modified Postponement] 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(xxi) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(xxii) Weighting: 
[[Not applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of ETI Linked 
Notes]/[specify weighting as a number or percentage]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to an ETI Basket)] 
 
(xxiii) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] 
[The Valuation Time is [●], being the time specified on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, for the [●] calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xxiv) Maximum Stock Loan Rate:    
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in

--- Page 467 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
467 
 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [●].] 
 
(xxv) ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[specify period]/[one Settlement Cycle] 
 
(xxvi) Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination Amount]/[Non- 
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/ [specify 
amount as a number] 
 
(xxvii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify percentage] 
 
(xxviii) Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
(xxix) Protected Amount: 
[specify amount as a number] per Specified 
Denomination 
 
(xxx) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[●] 
50. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] [●] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify screen page] 
 
(ii) 
The relevant base currency 
(the “Base Currency”) is: 
[specify currency] 
 
(iii) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] “Subject Currency”) 
[is/are]: 
[specify currency] 
 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[specify weighting as a number or percentage] 
 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[specify details] 
 
(vi) 
Disruption Event:  
[Price Source Disruption]/[Illiquidity Disruption]/[Dual 
Exchange Rate]/[specify disruption event] 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/five) 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date]  
 
(viii) Averaging Dates: 
[specify dates]  
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify dates]  
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify dates]  
 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify time] 
 
(xii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify date]

--- Page 468 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
468 
 
 
(xiii) Provisions for determining 
redemption amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity]/[as per 
Condition 8(g)(6)] 
 
(xiv) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
 
(xv) 
Optional Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Increased 
Cost of Hedging] [[The Trade Date is [●].] 
51. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify dates] 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
“Underlying Interest Rate1:”) 
 
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to 
be determined 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Underlying Reference Rate 
[specify rate as a number]  
(Either LIBOR, EURIBOR, MOSPRIME) 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[specify time] 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR or 11:00 am Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify screen page] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify option] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify date] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify date] 
 
 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 469 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
469 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Underlying  Reference 
Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, include the following language: underlying 
Interest Rate2' and repeat items 02) to  
 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
52. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [●] per cent] 
 
 
[Market Value less Costs] 
 
 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 2.2(c) (Redemptions)] 
[As specified in the Conditions] 
53. 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery24 
[Applicable/Physical Delivery Option [1/2/3]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable/Physical Delivery Option [1/2/3]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Entitlement in relation to each 
 Note: 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is: 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[(i) Redemption Payout: [specify payout] (ii) SPS 
Valuation Date: [specify date] 
(iii) Underlying Reference Closing Price: [Closing 
Level]/[Closing Price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Underlying 
Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level] 
[(iv) Worst value: [Underlying Reference Value]] 
[Calculation Amount: [●]] 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[(i) Redemption Payout: [specify payout] 
(ii) SPS Valuation Date: [specify date] 
(iii) Underlying Reference Closing Value: [Closing 
Level]/[Closing Price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Relevant Price]/[NAV per Fund 
Share]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Underlying 
Reference 
Rate]/[Relevant Level]; 
[Calculation Amount: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset to which the 
Notes relate [is/are] [●].[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[●]/[As specified in Condition 8(g)] 
 
(iv) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify day(s)] 
                                                             
24 23 Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 470 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
470 
 
 
(v) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Not applicable]/[specify]  
 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes - Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share or ETI Linked Notes. Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Notes) 
54. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer's 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. 
 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date and the 
provisions of Condition 8(g)(B)(ii) will apply to the 
Notes./The Issuer will 
procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of the Notes and the provisions of 
Condition 8(g)(B)(ii) will not apply to the Notes.][Not 
applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
55. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
New Global Note:25 
Bearer Notes26: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited 
circumstances described in 
the Global 
Registered Note 
OPTION (CONSIDER INCLUDING WHERE IT IS 
                                                             
25 You should only elect “yes” opposite “New Global Note” if you have elected “yes” to the Section in Part 
B under the heading “Operational Information” entitled “Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility”. In relation to any Series of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations 
of [EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the 
option of the holder. 
26 The exchange of Temporary/Permanent Global Notes for Definitive Notes upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€]100,000 and integral multiples of [€]1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including [€]199,000”. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary/Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 471 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
471 
 
CONTEMPLATED THAT CERTIFICATES MAY BE 
HELD 
UNDER 
THE 
NEW SAFEKEEPING 
STRUCTURE OR NSS) 
[and 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [●] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)). 
 
 
END OF OPTION 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates : 
[Not applicable/give details.  Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest end dates, to which sub paragraph 
15(v) relates] 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
56. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and, if 
different from those specified in the 
Temporary 
Global 
Note, 
consequences of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on 
late payment: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
57. 
Details relating to Notes redeemable 
in instalments:  amount of each 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[●]] 
58. 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify name] 
59. 
Date board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] 
60. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / MOSPRIME] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [LIBOR /

--- Page 472 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
472 
 
EURIBOR / MOSPRIME] does not fall within the scope 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 473 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
473 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to the Euronext 
Dublin]/[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the [regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin]/[Regulated Market] 
with effect from on or about the Issue Date]. 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses:   
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
INTERESTS 
OF NATURAL 
AND LEGAL 
PERSONS INVOLVED 
IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Dealer] and its affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer 
[●] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in [Base] 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will need 
to include those reasons here.)] 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of priority. 
If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the

--- Page 474 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
474 
 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]  
5. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/MOSPRIME] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
6. 
[Performance of Index/ Share/ Commodity/ Foreign Exchange Rate/ Fund/ Reference 
Entity/ Entities/ ETI Interest/ Underlying Interest Rate and Other Information concerning 
the Underlying Reference 
Need to include details of where past and further performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/commodity/rates/reference entity/fund/other variables can be obtained.]  
Where the underlying is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the 
ISIN or equivalent identification number. Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, need 
to include the relevant weightings of each underlying in the basket. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) or Principal 
Paying Agent or Fiscal Agent, if different 
than as specified in the  Base Prospectus] 
[●] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper,][include this text for 
registered notes]]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 475 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
475 
 
Additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations: 
[Not applicable/give details] [The Notes are [not] 
subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under 
Section 871(m).]
27 [Additional  information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Notes will be available at [●]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not applicable / give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
a) 
Names and addresses of 
Dealer 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[●] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing 
to place the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a “best efforts” basis if such entities are not the 
same as the Dealer.) 
 
(a) Date of subscription 
agreement: 
[●] 
 
(b) Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount 
of the underwriting commission 
and of the placing commission: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Public Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this sub- 
paragraph (vi) and also paragraph 9 below) 
 
Public Offer Jurisdictions: 
[the Republic of Ireland]/[Luxembourg][If the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction will not be the Republic of 
Ireland/Luxembourg specify the relevant Member 
State(s) where the Issuer intends to make the public 
(where the Base Prospectus lists the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions, select from that list) which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
                                                             
27 The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do  not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be 
“qualified indices” for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 
1 January 2021. Delta-One Notes or Non- Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 202 that reference 
a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis 
to determine whether they are Section 871(m) Notes.

--- Page 476 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
476 
 
 
Offer period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance     with     the conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
General Consent: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms]. 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is Applicable) 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER 
 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue price] [Specify price] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not applicable]/[give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not applicable]/[give details] 
 
Description of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not applicable]/[give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not applicable]/[give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre- 
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
Amount of 
any expenses 
and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not applicable/[●]] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known 
to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place. 
[None/[●]] 
10 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA OR 
UK RETAIL INVESTORS

--- Page 477 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
477 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the offer of the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be produced, 
“Applicable” should be specified)

--- Page 478 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
478 
 
SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE 
This summary relates to [insert description of Notes] described in the final terms (the “Final Terms”) to 
which this summary is annexed. This summary contains that information from the summary set out in the Base 
Prospectus which is relevant to the Notes together with the relevant information from the Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
summary. 
[Insert completed summary by amending and completing the summary of the base prospectus as appropriate 
to the terms of the specific issue].

--- Page 479 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
479 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
(THE “PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW 
AND THIS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A “FINAL TERMS” FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United 
Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or the United Kingdom has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA or United Kingdom may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
Final Terms dated [●]  
 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
 (incorporated in The Republic of Cyprus) 
 (the Issuer) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 20,000,000,000 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
(the Programme) 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer. 
[(Insert any specific additional risk factors, if appropriate.)] 
[(Insert MiFID II Target Market Legend See 'Form of Final Terms' above)]

--- Page 480 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
480 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
OPTION 1 (NORMAL ISSUANCE UNDER THE PROGRAMME ON THE BASIS OF THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth under the section[s] entitled [“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”] / [, “Annex 1 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts” [and] “Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index 
Linked Notes”/”Annex 3 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes”/”Annex 4 - Additional 
Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked Notes”/”Annex 5 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Notes”/”Annex 6 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes”/”Annex 7 - 
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes”/”Annex 8 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes”/”Annex 9 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Notes”] in the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the Supplements to the 
Base Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus (the “Prospectus”). This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. No Prospectus is required in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation for the issue of Notes described below and the below does not constitute a “Final Terms” for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation.  
OPTION 2 (ISSUANCE ON THE BASIS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM EARLIER BASE 
PROSPECTUS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [First/Second/Third] 
[Supplemented] 2019 Conditions (the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
18 December 2020 and set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes"] / [, 
"Annex 1 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" [and] "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Index Linked Notes"/"Annex 3 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes"/ "Annex 4 - 
Additional Terms And Conditions For Commodity Linked Notes"/"Annex 5 - Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes"/"Annex 6 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes"/"Annex 7 - Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked Notes"/"Annex 8 - Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes"/"Annex 9 - Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes"]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the Supplements to the Base 
Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the " Prospectus") save in respect of 
the Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 December 2019 [as supplemented and 
amended by the supplement to that base prospectus dated 10 June 2020 and as further supplemented and 
amended by the supplement to that base prospectus dated 13 October 2020] and are incorporated by reference 
in the Prospectus. This document must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. No Prospectus is required 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the issue of Notes described below and the below does not 
constitute a “Final Terms” for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
END OF OPTIONS 
Full information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Prospectus. [The Prospectus, [these Final Terms [and the Supplement[s] to the Prospectus] 
[(in each case, together with any documents incorporated therein by reference)] [is] [are] available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, [[where Fiscal Agency Agreement is specified as applicable, 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch] (in its capacity as Fiscal Agent)]/[where Fiscal Agency Agreement is 
specified as not applicable, [Citibank, N.A., London Branch] (in its capacity as Trustee)]. A copy of these 
Final Terms and the Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Prospectus] will be sent free of charge by the 
Issuer to any investor requesting such documents].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may change where 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs are removed.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]

--- Page 481 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
481 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible) 
 
(iii) 
Fiscal Agency Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only if applicable)] 
6. 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(Note - 
where multiple denominations above 
[EUR100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[EUR100 000] and integral multiples of [EUR1000] in 
[●] excess thereof up to and including [EUR199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [EUR199,000].”) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of two 
or more Specified Denominations.) 
8. 
(i) 
[Issue Date [and Interest 
Commencement Date]:] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date):] 
[specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding/preceding] Business Day 
[unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event it will be brought forward to the 
immediately 
preceding 
Business 
Day] 
[(the 
“Scheduled Maturity Date”) [subject as provided in 
Fund Linked Condition 5 (include for Fund Linked 
Notes)]. [subject as provided in Annex 6 - “Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes] (include 
for Credit Linked Notes)]. 
[Fixed Rate - specify date/Floating Rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify [●] 
month]][(NB: The Maturity Date [should not be/may 
need to be not] less than one year after the Issue Date)]

--- Page 482 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
482 
 
10. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][[LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [●] 
per 
cent. 
Floating 
Rate][(Resettable)][Zero 
Coupon][Index Linked Interest][Share Linked Interest] 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Interest][Fund 
Linked 
Interest][ETI Linked Interest][Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Interest][Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest][Hybrid Interest](further particulars specified 
below) [Non- interest bearing] 
12. 
Coupon Switch: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable [insert relevant provisions 
from Conditions]] 
Pre-Switch Coupon: 
[Fixed Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS 
Fixed Coupon]/ [Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital 
Coupon]/ 
[Accrual 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1] / 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2] /[FX 
Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range 
Accrual Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[FI Digital 
Coupon]/[Range 
Accrual 
Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater]/[PRDC 
Coupon]/ 
[FI 
Digital 
Floor 
Coupon]/[FI Digital Cap Coupon]/[FI Target Coupon]] 
(see items [specify] below) 
Post-Switch Coupon:         
[Fixed Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS 
Fixed Coupon]/ [Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital 
Coupon]/ [Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar Coupon]/ 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1] / 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2] /[FX 
Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range 
Accrual Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/ [FI Digital 
Coupon]/ [Range Accrual Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater]/ 
[PRDC 
Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Floor 
Coupon]/[FI Digital Cap Coupon]/[FI Target Coupon]] 
[Insert relevant provisions, replicating relevant prompts 
from items 22-36, as applicable, below] 
Additional Switch Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[If applicable: [specify]/[Calculation Amount x [●]%]] 
Coupon Switch Date(s): 
[specify] 
13. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par][[specify] per cent. of nominal 
amount][Index Linked Redemption] [Share Linked 
Redemption] [Commodity Linked Redemption] [Fund 
Linked Redemption][Credit Linked Redemption] [ETI 
Linked Redemption][Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption] [Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption] 
[Hybrid 
Redemption][Partly 
Paid][Instalment] (See paragraph [●] below) Payout 
Switch: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] [Payout Switch 
Election: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] [If applicable

--- Page 483 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
483 
 
insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
14. 
Change 
of 
Interest Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment [●] 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put 
Option][Call 
Option][(further particulars 
specified below)][Not Applicable] 
16. 
Settlement Currency28 
[Insert Currency]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[specify]/[“greater than”/”greater than or equal to”/”less 
than”/”less than or equal to”/”within”]] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation:  
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [If applicable insert 
relevant provisions from [●] Conditions] 
(ii) 
Level: 
[Official level]/Official close]/[last price]/[bid [●] 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]] [Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Knock-in 
Level/Knock-in 
Range Level: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] [●] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify] [●] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition [●]] 
(vii) Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each  [Scheduled  Trading  Day/ Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day]in the Knock-in 
[●] Determination Period] 
(viii) Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Day Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition [●]]/ [Valuation 
[●] applicable] 
(xi) 
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
 
(xii) Disruption Consequences:29 
  [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
18. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                             
28 Only applicable in relation to Share Linked Notes and ETI Linked Notes. 
29 Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Commodity Securities, 
Currency Securities and Futures Securities.

--- Page 484 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
484 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[specify]/[“greater than”/”greater than or equal to”/”less 
than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
 
(i) 
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to]/[within] 
 
(ii) 
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Level]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Level /Knock-out 
Range Level: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition [●]] 
 
(vii) Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/ Business Day] in the 
Knockout Determination Period] 
 
(viii) Knock-out Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending 
Date Convention: 
[Not Applicable]/[applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition [●]] [Any time on 
a 
Knock-out 
Determination Day]/ 
[Valuation 
Time]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Knock-outObservation Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
 
(xii) Disruption Consequences: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
19. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
20. 
Hybrid Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
The Notes are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a 
“Type 
of 
Underlying Reference”) set out in the table 
below. [The terms and conditions of the Notes 
will be construed on the basis that in respect of 
each separate Type of Underlying Reference, the 
relevant terms applicable to each such separate 
Type of Underlying Reference will apply, as the 
context admits, separately and independently in

--- Page 485 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
485 
 
respect of the relevant Type of Underlying 
Reference[, subject as provided in (b) below].] 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
Type of Underlying Reference 
[●]   [See item [●]] [●]   [See item [●]] [●]   [See item 
[●]] 
[The terms and conditions of the Notes will be 
construed in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions, provided that the Final Redemption 
Amount (if applicable) shall be subject to the 
[other] Type of Underlying Reference and the 
relevant terms applicable thereto.] 
 
(b) Hybrid 
Business 
Day 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
“Hybrid Business Day” means a day which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the relevant 
Annex and completed in the applicable Final Terms) for 
each Type of Underlying Reference specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each date for 
valuation (e.g. valuation date, averaging date, 
observation date etc.) which is the subject of the Hybrid 
Securities provisions should be expressed to be “[●] 
or if that is not a Hybrid Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding/ preceding] Hybrid Business 
Day”]] 
21. 
Pegasus Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
22. 
Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for   
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / Floating 
Rate / None / Not applicable] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / Floating 
Rate / None / Not applicable] 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after 
the relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest 
Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same Business

--- Page 486 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
486 
 
Day Convention) 
(vii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[specify] 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum / Not  applicable] 
(ix) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Interest Rate: [●] 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify] 
(xii) Determination Dates: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] in each year [insert regular 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or redemption date 
in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.] (NB: 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(xiii) Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[If Accrual to Redemption is Not applicable: Accrual to 
Preceding IPED: [Applicable]/[Not applicable][insert 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes where Accrual to 
Redemption is Not applicable]] 
 
(xiv) Rate of Interest: 
[Fixed Rate] [(Resettable)] [Floating Rate] [Linked 
Interest]/[Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Coupon Rate: (Include one or 
more of the following if 
applicable) 
[SPS Fixed Coupon [Insert formula and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Accrual Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Stellar Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 1 applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Underlying Basket Performance Coupon 2 applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[FX Vanilla Coupon

--- Page 487 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
487 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
Other related Payout Conditions] 
[FX Digital Coupon 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions] 
[FX Range Accrual Coupon 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
Payout Conditions] 
[FX Memory Coupon 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions] 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable: [FI Digital Coupon 
applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions] Coupon is applicable, 
(If FI Digital “Rate” below and the Rate distinguish in 
between the Rate which is FI Rate A which is FI Rate 
B)] 
 [Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions]] 
[Combination Floater applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions]] 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions]] 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions]] 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
other related Payout Conditions]] 
[FI Target Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and provisions from 
Payout Conditions] 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Rate: 
[[●] per cent. [per annum] 
If more than one fixed rate is to be determined 
specify each such rate)] 
[Floating Rate - [Screen Rate Determination]/ [ISDA 
Determination] 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined [●] 
repeat sub-paragraphs of 25 and 26, as applicable, for 
each such rate)]

--- Page 488 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
488 
 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
23. 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) [●] (Specify if more than one fixed 
rate is to be [●] determined) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. [per annum] [payable [annually/ semi- 
annually/quarterly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date [Resettable Notes] [●] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount [●] 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest [●] 
Payment Date falling [in/or] [●]. Insert particulars of 
any Initial or Final Broken Amounts of interest which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
 
(iv) 
Resettable Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[If applicable 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear [●] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(d) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]]/[Not applicable] 
 
(f) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s) 
[[●] [and [●]]]/[Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] [●] 
 
(i) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[●]  
 
(j) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date: 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(k) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
24. 
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) [●] 
(Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined)

--- Page 489 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
489 
 
 
 
(i) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
 
(ii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the[long/short][first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
25. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [LIBOR][EURIBOR] [MOSPRIME] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR) and second TARGET2 day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR)  
 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR or 11:00 am Brussels time in the case of [●] 
EURIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
26. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
(iv) 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
27. 
Zero Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●]

--- Page 490 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
490 
 
28. 
Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Composite/non Composite] [Custom Index] 
 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/ Postponement/ Modified Postponement] 
[the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
[Modified Postponement] (Only applicable if Modified 
Postponement is applicable as an Averaging election) 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(vii) Observation Date(s): 
[[●]/Not applicable].] [In the event that an Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day/ 
[Omission/ 
Postponement/Modified Postponement] [the provisions 
of Annex 2] will apply.] 
 
(viii) Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] Scheduled Trading Days] 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (must match election made for Exchange 
Business Day) 
 
(xii) Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor: 
(a) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]; and 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [●]. 
 
(xiii) Related Exchange: 
[specify/[All Exchanges]] 
 
(xiv) Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked Notes]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes

--- Page 491 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
491 
 
relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
 
(xv) 
Interest Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[[●], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for 
the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. if no time 
is specified, the Interest Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xvi) Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xvii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
  
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
 
  
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow] [Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
  
[Force Majeure Event] (N.B. Only applicable to Custom 
Indices) 
 
  
[Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [●].] (N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[([The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost 
of Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[if 
applicable: Principal Protected Termination 
Amount: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[eight]: 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: Principal 
Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) Additional 
provisions 
applicable to Custom Indices: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub- paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The

--- Page 492 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
492 
 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
Condition 9.2 of Index Linked Conditions will apply.] 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[twenty]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty) 
 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Custom Index Business 
Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
 
(d) 
Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)] (Must match 
election made for Custom Index [●] Business Day) 
 
(e) 
Valuation Time: 
[As per the Conditions]/[[●] being the time specified [●] 
on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or 
Observation Date as the case may be, for the calculation 
of the Settlement Price.] 
 
(f) 
Custom Index Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[[●]specify] 
 
(g) 
Custom Index Disruption 
Event: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[twenty]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty) [●] 
 
(h) 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of Custom 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable with a rate of [●] per cent per annum/Not 
[●] applicable] 
29. 
Share Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
of 
Shares/GDR/ADR: 
[●] 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
[Insert GDR/ADR]30 
 
(ii) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[specify] 
                                                             
30 Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete 
Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s).

--- Page 493 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
493 
 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/ Postponement/ Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
[●] to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(viii) Interest valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period [●] 
[The valuation Time is [●], being the time specified on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. If no time is specified, the Interest 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(ix) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [●]/Not applicable].] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/ 
Postponement/ 
Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(xi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xii) Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] (standard election is All Shares Basis) 
 
(xiii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(xiv) Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]. 
 
(xv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
 
(xvi) Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Share Linked Notes]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
 
(xvii) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[The Valuation Time is [●], being the time specified on

--- Page 494 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
494 
 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. If no time is specified, the Interest 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xviii) Share Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
 
(xix) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[●] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[●] [Stop-Loss Event percentage: [●] per cent.] 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [●] [specify in relation to each relevant 
Share] is [●].] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xxi) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[eight]: 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(xxii) Tender Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Listing Change: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 495 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
495 
 
 
(xxv) Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxvi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
30. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity Indices: 
[●] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/ Indices is/are 
[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[●] 
The Price Source is/are [●] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Nearby Month: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Specified Price: 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●] / [Not applicable]. 
 
(x) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[●]/[five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to two) (applicable only to Price Source Disruption 
or Trading Disruption) 
 
(xi) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 8]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
[[The Trade Date is [●].] 
 
(xiii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Commodity Basket is [●] 
31. 
Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[The [●] Fund is a Mutual Fund]

--- Page 496 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
496 
 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per the Conditions]•] 
 
(iv) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/ [Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
 
(v) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(vii) Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(viii) Final Calculation Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Hedging Date: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xi) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xii) Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xiii) AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xiv) Basket Trigger Level: 
[●]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(xv) 
Interest Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Termination Amounts: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount]/ 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xviii) Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
(xix) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [●] 
 
(xx) 
Protected Amount: 
[specify] per Specified Denomination 
 
(xxi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) Delayed Payment 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
32. 
ETI Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 497 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
497 
 
 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
 
(iii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(iv) 
[●] Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply to the Notes]. 
 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/ Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(viii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(x) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xi) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xii) Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xiii) Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xiv) Value 
per 
ETI 
Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xv) 
Number of Value Publication 
Days: 
[•] calendar days] [•] Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 3(e))] 
 
 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Business Days) 
 
(xvi) NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]

--- Page 498 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
498 
 
 
(xvii) NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xviii) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xix) Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[NAV per ETI Interest] 
 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(xxi) Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xxii) Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [●].] 
 
(xxiii) ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[specify] 
 
(xxiv) Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination Amount]/[Non- 
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[specify] 
 
(xxv) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxvi) Termination Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xxvii) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●][eight (8)] Scheduled Trading Days 
 
(xxviii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [●] Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in the case of ETI Linked Notes] [specify] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to an ETI Basket) 
 
(xxix) ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxx) Protected Amount: 
[Not applicable]/[specify] per Specified Denomination 
 
(xxxi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Delayed Payment 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
33. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
The relevant base currency 
(the “Base Currency”) is: 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] “Subject Currency”) 
[is/are]: 
[specify] [●] 
 
(iii) 
Weighting: 
[specify]

--- Page 499 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
499 
 
 
(iv) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Disruption Event: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[five] 
 
 
(If no specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
 
(vi) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(vii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) Interest Valuation Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Increased 
Cost of Hedging] [[The Trade Date is [●].] 
34. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) (If applicable, identify each 
Underlying Interest Rate which is a Multiple Underlying 
Component Rate) 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined 
include 
the 
following 
language 
“Underlying Interest Rate1:”) 
 
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Underlying Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
(Either LIBOR, EURIBOR or other) 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR or 11:00 am Brussels time in the case of [●] 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]

--- Page 500 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
500 
 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) Maximum 
Underlying  
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language “Underlying 
Interest Rate 2:” and repeat items 36(ii) to v(ii). 
 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
35. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
36. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
37. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Amount x [●] per cent.]/[Final Payout] 
 
 
[As per Credit Linked Conditions and paragraph 46 
(Credit Linked Notes) below] 
38. 
Final Payout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[SPS Payouts 
[SPS Fixed Percentage Notes 
 
 
[Insert formula and other related provisions from Payout 
Conditions]] 
 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes 
 
 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
 
[SPS Vanilla Products 
 
 
[Vanilla Call Spread Notes:

--- Page 501 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
501 
 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Vanilla Put Spread Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Vanilla Digital Notes: 
 
 
Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Asian Products 
 
 
[Asian Spread Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Himalaya Notes Type 1: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
[Himalaya Notes Type 2:  
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
[Himalaya Notes Type 3:  
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Auto-Callable Products 
 
 
[Autocall Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Autocall Standard Notes 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Autocall One Touch Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and [●] other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Indexation Products 
 
 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Notes:

--- Page 502 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
502 
 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Securities: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
 
[Stellar Securities 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Vanilla Delta Notes: 
 
(i) 
Delta Final Valuation Date: 
[Specify date] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iii) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vi) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(vii) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
 
[Vanilla Performance Delta Notes: 
 
(i) 
Delta Final Valuation Date: 
[Specify date] 
 
(ii) 
Delta Initial Valuation Date: 
[Specify date] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(iv) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price]

--- Page 503 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
503 
 
 
(vi) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(vii) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(viii) Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
 
[Final Basket Performance Notes 
 
(i) 
Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Leverage 
Factor: 
[●]/ [[●], or if one or more Reference Obligations have 
been excluded from the determination of the Final 
Basket Performance Ratio as a result of having been 
redeemed in full or as a result of a Substitution Event, 
then such lesser number of Reference Obligations that 
are included in the determination of the Final Basket 
Performance Ratio.] 
 
(iii) 
QR Price in respect of the 
Basket Price: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
QR Price in respect of the 
Final Price: 
[●]/[The bid price of the relevant Reference Obligation 
as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg QR (Trade 
Recap) screen page of the applicable Bloomberg 
Generic price (BGN) screen page at the Valuation time.] 
 
(v) 
QR Price in respect of the 
Initial Price: 
[●]/[The ask price of the relevant Reference Obligation 
as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg QR (Trade 
Recap) screen page of the applicable Bloomberg 
Generic price (BGN) screen page at Valuation time.] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Time 
[●] 
 
 
[Final Participation Notes 
 
(i) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
r: 
[●] 
 
FI Payouts 
[FI FX Vanilla Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[FI Digital Floor Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[FI Digital Cap Notes: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[FI Digital Plus Notes:

--- Page 504 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
504 
 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
 
 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[FI Inflation Securities: 
 
 
[Insert formula and related provisions from Payout 
Conditions]] 
39. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Unless previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, if in respect of any day falling in the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Notes will 
automatically be redeemed in whole, but not in part, on 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Event at an amount equal 
to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Payout.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[●] 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon Automatic 
Early 
Redemption] [Standard Automatic Early 
Redemption[-Automatic Early Redemption Event 1]: 
“greater than”/”greater than or equal to”/”less 
than”/”less than or equal to”][Standard Automatic [●] 
 
 
Early Redemption - Automatic Early Redemption Event 
2 Applicable: “greater than”/ “greater than or equal 
to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”] 
 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2] 
[Event Determination Date] [and]/[or] [Acceleration 
Event][and]/[or] [Illiquidity Event]. 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 1: 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption: [Insert relevant 
provisions from Conditions] [FI Underlying Automatic 
Early Redemption] [Accrual to Automatic Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption:

--- Page 505 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
505 
 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 2: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
[(A)]Automatic 
Early 
Redemption [Price] 
[specify] 
 
[Level][1]: 
 
 
[(B)] Automatic Early Redemption 
[Price][Level] 2: 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Up: 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage Down: 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
AER Rate: 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(x) 
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[AER Rate 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] [AER 
Athena up Rate 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]] 
 
 
[AER CSN Rate 
 
 
[Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/ Period(s)]: 
 
 
[specify] 
 
 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/ Period(s)]: 
 
 
[specify] 
 
 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days prior to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date)]

--- Page 506 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
506 
 
 
(xii) Observation Price Source: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) Underlying Reference Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[Bid 
price]/[Asked price]/Standard Underlying Reference 
Level]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) SPS AER Valuation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable: 
 
 
SPS AER Value 1: 
 
 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions] 
 
 
[SPS AER Value 2: 
 
 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]] 
 
(xv) 
AER Event 1 Underlying(s): 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) AER Event 2 Underlying(s): 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xix) Cut-off Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Early Redemption Leverage 
Factor: 
[●]/[[●], or if one or more Reference Obligations have 
been excluded from the determination of the Early 
Basket Performance Ratio as a result of having been 
redeemed in full or as a result of a Substitution Event, 
then such lesser number of Reference Obligations that 
are included in the determination of the Early Basket 
Performance Ratio.] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) QR Price in respect of the 
Basket Price: 
[●]/[The bid price of the relevant Reference Obligation 
as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg QR (Trade 
Recap) screen page of the applicable Bloomberg 
Generic price (BGN) screen page at any time during a 
Business Day.][Not applicable] 
 
(xxii) QR Price in respect of the 
Final Price: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
Related Disposal Period: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) QR Price in respect of the 
Initial Price: 
[●]/[The ask price of the relevant Reference Obligation 
as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg QR (Trade 
Recap) screen page of the applicable Bloomberg 
Generic price (BGN) screen page at Valuation 
Time.][Not applicable] 
40. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 507 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
507 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [●] percent] 
 
 
[SPS Call Payout 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related [●] 
provisions from Payout Conditions]] 
 
 
[Delta Call Payout 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
(vi) 
Maximum SPS Call Payout: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum SPS Call Payout:  
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Delta Performance Call Payout 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Closing Price:  
[specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Italian Securities Reference 
Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Price: 
[specify price] 
 
(v) 
Fund Share: 
[specify detailes of fund shares] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Price:  
[Strike 
Date]/[Averaging 
Date]/][Observation 
Date]/[Valuation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum SPS Call Payout: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Minimum SPS Call Payout:  
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Delta Call Initial Valuation 
Date:  
[●]]

--- Page 508 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
508 
 
 
 
Participation Call Payout 
 
(i) 
Underlying Reference: 
[Index 
 
Linked]/[Share 
 
Linked]/[Commodity 
Linked]/[Fund 
Linked]/[Credit 
Linked]/[ETI 
Linked]/[FX Rate Linked]/[Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked] 
 
(ii) 
Participation 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Weighting 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
r: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
41. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [●] percent] [SPS Put Payout 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Conditions]] 
42. 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
43. 
Index Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[●] 
 
 
[Composite/non Composite] [Custom Index] 
 
(ii) 
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per the Conditions][specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
 
(v) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date]

--- Page 509 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
509 
 
 
(vi) 
Averaging 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/ Postponement/ Modified [●] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
[●]to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(vii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [●]/Not applicable].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/ 
Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index 
Basis)] (must match election made for Exchange 
Business Day) 
 
(xii) Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor: 
(a) the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]; and 
 
 
(b) the relevant Index Sponsor is [●]. 
 
(xiii) Related Exchange: 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
 
(xiv) Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Index Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] 
[[●], being the time specified on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for 
the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time) (N.B. Only applicable to Indices other 
than Custom Indices) 
 
 
[As per the Conditions]/•] being the time specified on 
the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or Observation

--- Page 510 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
510 
 
Date as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] (N.B. If no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be as per the Conditions) (N.B. 
Only applicable to Custom Indices) 
 
(xvi) Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xvii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(xviii) Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
security] is [●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant security] 
is [●].] 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)]] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount: 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[eight]: 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 511 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
511 
 
 
(a) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
Condition 9.2 of Index Linked Conditions will apply.] 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
[●] to: [●]/[twenty]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be [●] 
equal to twenty) 
 
(b) 
Strike Price: 
 
 
(c) 
Custom Index Business 
Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
 
(d) 
Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)/(Per Custom Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
 
 
(Must match election made for Custom Index Business 
Day) 
 
(e) 
Custom Index Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(f) 
Custom Index Disruption 
Event: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[twenty]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty) 
 
(g) 
Delayed Redemption on 
the Occurrence of Custom 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable with a rate of [●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
44. 
Share Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
[●] 
 
Company/Basket 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
 
Company/[GDR/ADR]: 
[Insert GDR/ADR]31 
 
(ii) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
 
 
[●] 
                                                             
31 Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete 
Share Linked Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s).

--- Page 512 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
512 
 
 
(iv) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[specify date] 
 
(vii) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes.  
[The Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(viii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [●]/[Not applicable].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date/[Omission/Postponement/ 
Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] (standard election is All Shares Basis) 
 
(xii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share 
Basis)] (must match election made for Exchange 
Business Day) 
 
(xiii) Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]. 
 
(xiv) Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
 
(xv) 
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of Share Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
 
(xvi) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] 
[The Valuation Time is [●], being the time specified on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. if no time specified, the Valuation Time

--- Page 513 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
513 
 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xvii) Share Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
 
(xviii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
(a) 
[The 
following 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
Trade Date 
[●] 
 
 
(a) 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [●].] [●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
(b) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[●].] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
 
(c) 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xix) Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[eight] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(xx) 
[Tender Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xxi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] [if applicable: 
 
 
Principal Protected Termination Amount:

--- Page 514 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
514 
 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
 
(xxii) Listing Change: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
45. 
Commodity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[●] 
 
 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/ Indices is/are 
[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery Date: 
[●] / [Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Nearby Month:  
[●] / [Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Specified Price: 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●] / [Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[●]/[five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
 
(xi) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 8]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
[The Trade Date is [●].]) 
 
(xiii) Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Commodity Basket is [●] 
46. 
Fund Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 515 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
515 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[●] 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
 
[The [●] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
 
(ii) 
Fund Share(s):  
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/•] 
 
(iv) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
 
(v) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(vii) Initial Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) Final Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
Hedging Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) AUM Level: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/•] 
 
(xiv) NAV Trigger Period: 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Basket Trigger Level: 
[●]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(xvii) Termination Amounts: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/ [specify] 
 
(xviii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions] 
 
(xix) Termination Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xx) 
Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprises the Fund Basket is [●] 
 
(xxi) Protected Amount: 
[specify] 
 
(xxii) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 516 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
516 
 
 
(xxiii) [Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify]] 
47. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes 
[Single Reference Entity CLN] 
 
 
[Nth-to-Default CLN] 
 
 
N: [●] 
 
 
[Basket CLN] 
 
(ii) 
Substitution: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [“Reference Obligation 
Only Trade” is [Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Maturity Payment Deferral: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] [[●] Business Days 
following the Scheduled Maturity Date (specify number 
between 2 and 5 Business Days)] 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculation and 
determinations pursuant to 
Annex 6 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Reference Entity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[●]/[In respect of each Reference Entity, an amount in 
the Specified Currency equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes]/[In respect of each Reference 
Entity, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to 
[insert fraction] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes] 
 
(x) 
Reference Obligations: 
[The below Reference Obligation[s] in respect of the 
Reference Entit[y][ies]]/[Standard Reference Obligation 
is applicable. The Seniority Level [Senior Level / 
Subordinated Level]] 
 
 
[Any one or more Valuation Obligations] 
 
[List first Reference Entity if more 
than one] 
 
 
 
[Primary Obligor: 
 
 
 
Guarantor: 
[●]/- [Not applicable]

--- Page 517 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
517 
 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Original Issue Amount: 
[●] 
 
[If more than one Reference Entity, 
repeat the above for each Reference 
Entity] 
 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Obligation: Include 
Non-Affected 
Reference 
Entities 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) All Guarantees  
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) [Credit Events 
The following Credit Event[s] shall apply to this 
Transaction: 
 
 
[[Bankruptcy] 
 
 
[Modified Russia Definition: [Applicable] 
 
 
[[Failure to Pay] 
 
 
[Modified Definition: [Applicable] 
[Grace Period Extension Applicable] 
 
 
[Grace Period: ] 
 
 
Payment Requirement: [ ]] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[The Obligation Default shall also mean any restrictions 
imposed and/or applied by a Reference Entity with 
regards to an amount of cash which can be withdrawn 
from deposit accounts with such Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such restrictions are temporary or 
permanent).] 
 
 
[Default Requirements:[●]] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Default Requirement: [●]] 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
 
[Default Requirement: [●]] 
 
 
[Mod R: [Applicable] 
 
 
[Mod Mod R: [Applicable]

--- Page 518 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
518 
 
 
 
[Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation:] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
 
[Modified Definition: Applicable] 
 
 
[Default Requirement: [●]] 
 
 
[Additional Credit Event:] [Illegality]]32 
 
(xiv) [Obligation(s): 
Obligation Category (select only one) 
 
 
[Payment] 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
Obligation Characteristics (select all that apply): 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
 
[Specified Currency] 
 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [ ]] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
[Excluded Obligations]]33 
 
(xv) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement]/[Physical 
Settlement]/[Cash 
Settlement] 
 
 
[Include below if Cash Settlement applies 
 
 
Weighted Average Final Price [Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
Final Price [as per Credit Linked Condition 10][• %]] 
                                                             
32 Do not include if already covered by the applicable Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix 
33 Do not include if already covered by the applicable Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix

--- Page 519 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
519 
 
 
(xvi) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement]/[Physical 
Settlement]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xvii) [Deliverable Obligation(s) 
Deliverable Obligation Category (select only one): 
 
 
[Payment] 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
 
[Bond] 
 
 
[Loan] 
 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (select all that 
apply) 
 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
 
[Specified Currency] 
 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
 
[Domestic Currency means [ ]] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
 
[Listed] 
 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [ ]] 
 
 
[Transferable] 
 
 
[Maximum Maturity] 
 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
 
[Not Bearer]]34 
 
(xviii) Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations:32 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) Partial Cash Settlement of 
Consent 
Required 
Loans 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
                                                             
34 Do not include if already covered by the applicable Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix

--- Page 520 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
520 
 
Applicable:32 
 
(xx) 
Partial Cash Settlement of 
Assignable 
Loans 
Applicable32 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) Quotation: 
[Include Accrued Interest / Exclude Accrued  
 
(xxii) Settlement Deferral: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Cut-off Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxiv) Settlement Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
(xxv) Merger Event: 
[Credit Linked Condition 2.3 
[Applicable]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable): 
 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: [●]]] 
 
(xxvi) LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Financial Reference Entity 
Terms17: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] 
[“Governmental 
Intervention” is applicable] [“Senior Transaction” is 
applicable][“Subordinated Transaction” is applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Terms relating to Cash 
Settlement: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxix) Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement: 
[As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
4]/[Not 
applicable]/[Asset Package Delivery is applicable] 
 
(xxx) Cessation of Interest Accrual: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)]/[As per Credit 
Linked Condition 3.1(b)] 
 
(xxxi) Interest: 
[Specify rate of interest applicable to the Notes 
expressed as a percentage per annum] 
 
(xxxii) Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xxxiii) Additional Credit Linked 
Note Disruption Events: 
[The following Additional Credit Linked Note 
Disruption Events apply:] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(Specify each of the Following which applies.) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
(xxxiv) CLN Business Days: 
[Specify]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xxxv) Additional Provisions: 
[The [specify additional provisions] shall apply]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Restructuring: 
[Credit Linked Condition 8.4 (Multiple Holder 
Obligations) shall not apply]

--- Page 521 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
521 
 
 
(xxxvii) NTCE Supplement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
48. 
ETI Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
 
(iii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(iv) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [●]. [Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vii) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(viii) Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
 
(standard election is All ETI Interest Basis) 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(x) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) Hedging Date: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xiv) Value 
per 
ETI 
Interest/Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xv) 
Number of Value Publication 
Days: 
[●] calendar days] [●] Business Days (as defined in 
Condition 3(e))] 
 
 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Business Days)] 
 
(xvi) Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xvii) Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions][specify]

--- Page 522 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
522 
 
 
(xviii) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xix) Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
 
(xx) 
Disrupted Day: 
 
 
(xxi) Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [●].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement will 
apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Modified Postponement is applicable 
as an Averaging election) 
 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [●]/[eight]] 
 
 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
 
(xxii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xxiii) Weighting: 
[Not applicable]/[The Weighting to be applied to each 
item comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in the case of ETI Linked 
Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Cash Settled Notes relating to an ETI Basket)] 
 
(xxiv) Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] 
[The Valuation Time is [●], being the time specified on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] 
 
 
(N.B. if no time specified, the Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time). 
 
(xxv) Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [●].] 
 
(xxvi) ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxvii) Termination Amount: 
[Principal 
Protected Termination Amount]/[Non- 
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/ [specify] 
 
(xxviii) Simple Interest Spread: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxix) Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
(xxx) Protected Amount: 
[specify] per Specified Denomination

--- Page 523 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
523 
 
 
(xxxi) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
49. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
The relevant base currency 
(the “Base Currency”) is: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] “Subject Currency”) 
[is/are]: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Weighting: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Disruption Event: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[●]/[five] 
 
 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
 
(vii) Strike Date: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(xii) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xiii) Provisions for determining 
redemption amount where 
calculation by reference to 
Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Principal 
Protected 
Termination 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]]

--- Page 524 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
524 
 
 
(xv) 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events: 
[(The following Optional Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) [Increased 
Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[[The Trade Date is [●].] 
50. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
“Underlying Interest Rate1:”) 
 
(ii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Underlying Reference Rate: 
[specify] 
 
 
(Either LIBOR, EURIBOR or other) 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR or 11:00 am Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Underlying [●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 525 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
525 
 
Reference Rate: 
 
(vii) Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language’ 
“Underlying Interest Rate2:” and repeat items 52(ii) to 
(vii). 
 
 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
51. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [●] per cent] 
 
 
[Market Value less Costs] 
 
 
[As specified in the Conditions] 
 
 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 2.2(c) (Redemptions)] 
52. 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Delivery:35 
[Applicable/Physical Delivery Option [1/2/3]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Entitlement in relation to each 
Note: 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is: 
 
 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] 
 
 
[Calculation Amount: [●]] 
 
 
Redemption Payout: 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
SPS Valuation Date: [●]] 
 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
 
 
[Insert formula from Payout Conditions] [Calculation 
Amount: [●]] 
 
 
Redemption Payout: [●] 
 
 
SPS Valuation Date: [●] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset to which the 
Notes relate [is/are] [●] [Not applicable]. 
 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[specify]/[As specified in Condition 8(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes] 
                                                             
35 Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 526 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
526 
 
 
(iv) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Not applicable]/[specify]] [This shall not be Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch under any circumstances.] 
 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Notes - Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share or ETI Linked Notes. Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure to [●] 
Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Notes) 
53. 
Variation of Settlement: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer’s 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes. 
 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date and the 
provisions of Condition 8(g)(B)(ii) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes [will apply to the Notes./The 
Issuer will procure delivery of the Entitlement in respect 
of the Notes and the provisions of Condition 8(g)(B)(ii) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes] will not apply 
to the Notes.]/[Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
54. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes36: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Registered Notes] 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited 
circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Note 
OPTION (CONSIDER INCLUDING WHERE IT IS 
CONTEMPLATED THAT CERTIFICATES MAY 
                                                             
36 The exchange of Temporary/Permanent Global Notes for Definitive Notes upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€]100,000 and integral multiples of [€]1,000 in excess thereof up to 
and including [€]199,000”. Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary/Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 527 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
527 
 
BE HELD UNDER THE NEW SAFEKEEPING 
STRUCTURE OR NSS) 
[and 
Global Registered Note [(U.S.$/Euro [●] nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)). 
END OF OPTION 
55. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
56. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
payment dates : 
[Not Applicable]/[Give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest end dates, to which sub paragraph 
15(v) relates] 
57. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are left.] 
58. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and, if different 
from those specified in the Temporary 
Global Note, consequences of failure 
to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest 
due on [●] late payment: 
[Not applicable]/[Give details] 
59. 
Details relating to Notes redeemable 
in instalments: amount of each 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable]/[Give details] 
 
(i) 
[Instalment Amounts: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[●]] 
60. 
Calculation Agent: 
[specify] 
61. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:   
 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / MOSPRIME] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [LIBOR / 
EURIBOR / MOSPRIME] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 528 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
528 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 529 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
529 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made to [●] for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on its market with effect from on or 
about the Issue Date]. 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
2. 
 Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies).] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
[Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but relevant 
rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency

--- Page 530 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
530 
 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
 [Floating Rate Notes only - Historic Interest Rates 
 
[Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/MOSPRIME/other] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters].] [Not applicable] 
4. 
 [Performance of Index/ Share/ Commodity/Foreign Exchange Rate/ Fund/ Reference 
Entity/ Entities/ ETI Interest/ Underlying Interest Rate and Other Information concerning 
the Underlying Reference 
 
Need to include details of where past and further performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/commodity/rates/reference entity/fund/other variables can be obtained.] 
5. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
[Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) or Principal 
Paying Agent or Fiscal Agent or 
Trustee, if different than as specified 
in the  Base Prospectus]: 
[●] 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for

--- Page 531 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
531 
 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
Additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations: 
[Not applicable/give details] [The Notes are [not] 
subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section  
871(m).] 37 [Additional  information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available at [●]] 
6 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA 
OR 
UK 
RETAIL 
INVESTORS 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be produced, 
“Applicable” should be specified) 
 
 
                                                             
37 The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do  not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be 
“qualified indices” for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 
1 January 2021. Delta-One Notes or Non- Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 2021 that reference 
a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade basis 
to determine whether they are Section 871(m) Notes.

--- Page 532 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
532 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for 
so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered 
Note is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held 
by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each 
an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be 
determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other 
relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global 
Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder 
of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written 
notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) specifying the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or

--- Page 533 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
533 
 
Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, 
at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 16 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the 
Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Physical Delivery: In the case of a Global Note, each Noteholder shall instruct the accountholder in the 
relevant clearing system to transfer its Notes to the account in the clearing system of the Paying Agent. In 
respect of Physical Delivery while Notes are in global form, the following additional Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes shall apply: 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(aa) 
confirm the irrevocable instruction given to the Accountholder through which the relevant Notes are 
held to immediately transfer such Notes to the Paying Agent; 
(bb) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and an authority to the relevant clearing system or bank 
to debit a specified account of the Noteholder with the relevant clearing system or bank in respect thereof 
and to pay such Expenses.

--- Page 534 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
534 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Registered Office 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc. 
The Issuer was incorporated in the Republic of Cyprus on 18 March 2005 for an unlimited duration and is 
registered with the Registrar of Companies of the Department of Registrar of Companies and Official 
Receiver of the Republic of Cyprus with registered number HE 158664. 
The Issuer was incorporated as a limited liability company under the Cyprus Companies Law, Cap. 113. The 
Issuer was subsequently converted to a public limited company on 14 May 2015 under section 31 of the 
Cyprus Companies Law, Cap. 113. 
The Issuer’s registered office is at Agia Zoni, 12, Agia Zoni Center, Flat/Office 103, 3027, Limassol, Cyprus, 
and the telephone number of its office is +357 25 774044. 
Recent Events and Trend Information 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 30 June 2020 and 
no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2019. 
There is no applicable trend information in relation to the Issuer. 
Business of BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
The Issuer is a special purposes vehicle which acts as an investment and financing company for the Group 
and issues Notes under the Programme. 
The Issuer is a member of the Group. The Issuer conducts trading operations in the international securities 
markets, which include entering into transactions with market counterparties and related parties that are 
members of the Group. These transactions include, but are not limited to, repo transactions, loans and 
transactions in securities in the international capital markets including exchanges and OTC markets. The 
Issuer also conducts investment activities in different types of bonds of both Russian and international issuers. 
The Group, through its custody, clearing and depository platform, using both proprietary and third-party 
technology, provides an integrated platform of brokerage, retail and investment banking, depositary and asset 
management services to individuals and corporate customers in the Russian Federation and abroad. 
The Group serves its clients through a combination of its branch offices and web-based and telephonic 
services, and provides direct-market-access equity and derivatives brokerage services on MICEX-RTS 
Exchange (Russia) and LSE, the world major exchanges (AMEX, NASDAQ, NYSE, CME/CBOT, Eurex, 
Euronext, LIFFE, XETRA) and on the FOREX market. The Group also provides custodial, trading, 
technology, trust asset, and other support services to clients. 
Ratings 
The Issuer has recently been assigned a credit rating of B+/Positive/B by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC ("S&P"). The rating criteria of S&P provide that such issuer credit rating is a forwardlooking 
opinion about an obligor's overall creditworthiness. This opinion focuses on the obligor's capacity and 
willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due. It does not apply to any specific financial 
obligation (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme), as it does not take into account the nature of and provisions of the obligation, its 
standing in bankruptcy or liquidation, statutory preferences, or the legality and enforceability of the 
obligation. Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC is not established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Issuer is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts under which the Issuer has an obligation or entitlement which 
it considers to be material to its ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Management of BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
The directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Dimitra Karkalli of Kallipoleos, 2A, Agia Fyla, Limassol, Cyprus who has no principal activities performed 
outside of her directorship of the Issuer; and

--- Page 535 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
535 
 
Evgenios Bagiazidis of Voltairou, 12, Block B, Flat/Office 106, Germasogeia, 4046, Limassol, Cyprus. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of Dimitra Karkalli or Evgenios Bagiazidis to the Issuer 
and their private interests or other duties. 
The secretary of the Issuer is as follows: 
M. Kyprianou Fiduciaries (Cyprus) Limited whose registered office is Stasinou & Agias Elenis, 2, 
STASINOS BUILDING, 6th and 7th floor 1060, Nicosia, Cyprus. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of M. Kyprianou Fiduciaries (Cyprus) Limited to the 
Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of FG BCS LTD, which holds 99.96% of the issued shares of the Issuer. FG BCS 
Ltd is incorporated and domiciled in Cyprus. 
The Group conducts its business primarily through the following operating legal entities: 
Subsidiary 
Country of incorporation 
BrokerCreditService Ltd 
Russia 
BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited 
Cyprus 
BCS Prime Brokerage Limited 
UK 
Joint Stock Company “BCS – Investment Bank” 
Russia 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of FG BCS LTD. The other direct subsidiaries of FG BCS LTD are BCS Capital 
(DIFC) Limited, BCS Americas, Inc., Seldthorn Private Equity Limited, Kertina Group Ltd, 
BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited, BCS Investment Management Ltd, BCS Prime Brokerage Limited, 
Siberian Investments, LLC, BCS Global Markets (Europe) Limited, BCS Markets Ltd, FG Aviation Ltd and 
BCS Markets S.A., BCS Global Markets Holdings plc and Spidertek Ltd. 
The Issuer is one of 7 subsidiaries of the Group that is incorporated in Cyprus together with 
BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited. BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited is a licensed broker under 
Cypriot law and provides investment and ancillary services to clients on the international markets. The 
Issuer acts as the Group's operational company in Cyprus and enters into proprietary trading as opposed to 
trading on behalf of clients. 
As of the date hereof, the Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
The Issuer’s subsidiary is established to carry on any trade or activity whatsoever related to, connected 
with or involving shares, stock, debentures, debenture stock, bonds, notes, obligations, warrants, options, 
derivatives, commodities and any other instruments related to equity, debt or commodities of all kinds 
(except for the investment activity that requires authorisation and/or license). 
The Issuer has not entered into any formal arrangement pursuant to which it receives support from any other 
member of the Group and is not dependent upon any other member of the Group in carrying-out its day-to-
day business or otherwise. 
Capital Structure` 
The Issuer has share capital of fully paid 15,000 ordinary shares, each with a par value of EUR 1.71. 
Major Shareholders 
The majority of the issued share capital of the Issuer is owned by FG BCS Ltd. which has its registered 
office at Krinou, 3, THE OVAL, 2nd floor, Flat/office 203, Agios Athanasios, 4103, Limassol, Cyprus. 
The ultimate shareholder owning and controlling the Issuer is Oleg Mikhasenko, who is the sole ultimate 
beneficial owner of the Group.  
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change of control of the Issuer. 
The chart below shows a simplified version of the Group's structure and the Issuer's position within the

--- Page 536 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
536 
 
Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Articles of Association 
The Issuer’s objects and purposes are set out in article three of its memorandum of association and enable 
the Issuer to engage in the activities listed therein, which include the carrying on of business of an 
investment company for the purposes of investment. 
Board Practices 
The Issuer does not have an audit committee. 
The Issuer has adopted corporate governance policies which comply with the applicable Cypriot corporate 
governance regime. 
Litigation 
There have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (nor are any such proceedings pending or 
threatened as far as the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the Issuer’s or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Selected Financial Information relating to BrokerCreditService Structured Products plc 
The following table sets out in summary form balance sheet and income statement information relating to the 
Issuer. Such information is derived from the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2018, the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as 
at and for the year ended 31 December 2019, the unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements of 
the Issuer for the period ended 30 June 2019 and the unaudited and consolidated interim financial statements 
of the Issuer for the period ended 30 June 2020.  
In respect of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31

--- Page 537 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
537 
 
December 2019, the Issuer has adopted all of the new and revised International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") that are relevant to it and are effective for accounting periods beginning on 1 January 2017, including 
IFRS 9 "Financial Instruments".  
The financial statements of the Issuer are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards and the requirements of the Cyprus Companies Law, Cap. 113. Such financial statements, 
together with the reports of Yiallourides & Partners Ltd and the accompanying notes, appear elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with such 
financial statements, reports and the notes thereto. 
Comparative Annual Financial Data (2019 and 2018) – In RUB 
For the year ended 
31/12/2019 (audited) 
For the year ended 
31/12/2018 (audited) 
Revenue 
2,457,598 
8,470,091 
Dividend income (gross) 
1,703,717,308 
521,193,580 
Interest income 
72,880,805 
33,502,023 
Loan interest income 
1,285,044,334 
2,086,165,860 
Net gain/(loss) on trading in financial instruments 
(682,576,907) 
(3,573,794,902) 
Net gain realised on trading in foreign currencies 
3,868,688,321 
568,076,026 
Net fair value gains on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
6,581,556,918 
4,581,474,921 
Interest income from bonds 
4,551,509,884 
4,629,019,001 
Interest income on reverse repurchase agreements 
5,191,575,877 
5,043,003,178 
Interest expense on bonds 
(6,041,180,829) 
(5,272,082,029) 
Interest expense on REPO loans 
(7,330,209,687) 
(6,728,065,013) 
Net fair value loss on trading on foreign currencies 
(46,578,000) 
(556,598,800) 
Financial result of SWAP operations (OTC) 
1,091,740,883 
(115,620,955) 
Loss from sale of investments in subsidiaries 
(7,338,545) 
- 
Staff costs 
(20,263,027) 
(11,522,414) 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 
(1,861,328) 
(54,244) 
Other operating income 
325,312,619 
43,800,082 
Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments 
(3,405,275,347) 
6,823,526,277 
Net impairment profit/(loss) on financial and contract 
assets 
(391,918,055) 
96,509,396 
Administration and other expenses 
(1,835,088,261) 
(2,436,833,247) 
Operating profit 
4,912,194,561 
5,740,168,831 
Finance income 
- 
1,881,338,264 
Finance cost 
(1,752,818,704) 
(2,450,885,539) 
Share of results of associates 
33,409,728 
137,683,175 
Profit before tax 
3,192,785,585 
5,308,304,731

--- Page 538 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
538 
 
Tax 
(140,769,473) 
(230,823,978) 
Net profit for the year 
3,052,016,112 
5,077,480,753 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income for the year 
- 
- 
TOTAL comprehensive income for the year 
3,052,016,112 
5,077,480,753 
 
 
 
 
31/12/2019 
31/12/2018 
Non-current assets 
9,138,254,544 
25,360,597,804 
Current assets 
176,272,965,917 
219,718,723,689 
TOTAL assets 
185,411,220,461 
245,079,321,493 
 
 
 
TOTAL equity 
6,004,855,212 
3,067,839,100 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
115,673,956,003 
191,764,285,878 
TOTAL liabilities 
179,406,365,249 
242,011,482,393 
 
 
 
TOTAL equity and liabilities 
185,411,220,461 
245,079,321,493 
 
Comparative Interim Financial Data (2020 and 2019) – In RUB 
For the 6 months  
ended 30/06/2020  
(unaudited) 
For the 6 months 
ended 30/06/2019 
(unaudited) 
Revenue 
994,042 
1,400,503 
Dividend income (gross) 
601,869,736 
182,931,966  
Interest income 
1,436,089 
23,367,905 
Loan interest income 
336,103,457 
674,595,419 
Net gain/(loss) on trading in financial instruments 
1,845,427,146 
(1,192,421,541) 
Net gain realised on trading in foreign currencies 
(350,299,241) 
5,651,282,306 
Net fair value gains on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
8,275,966,998 
7,015,033,816 
Interest income from bonds 
2,040,671,626 
1,954,604,871 
Interest income on reverse repurchase agreements 
1,458,502,296 
1,867,644,459 
Interest expense on bonds 
(4,100,816,132) 
(2,482,460,962) 
Interest income from bonds at amortised cost 
782,895 
-

--- Page 539 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
539 
 
Interest expense on REPO loans 
(1,975,369,861) 
(3,724,835,801) 
Net fair value loss on trading on foreign currencies 
- 
 
(165,413,000) 
Financial result of SWAP operations (OTC) 
328,842,213 
  
1,164,613,315  
Interest income on OTC SWAP 
392,824,794 
- 
Loss from sale of investments in subsidiaries 
- 
 
(7,338,545)  
Staff costs 
(10,426,687) 
(9,653,465) 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 
(798,282) 
(915,208) 
Other operating income 
22,854,636 
25,635,733 
Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments 
(3,900,010,838) 
(3,991,860,802) 
Net impairment profit/(loss) on financial and contract 
assets 
(860,021,728) 
(18,083,574) 
Administration and other expenses 
(537,788,970) 
(795,504,561) 
Operating profit 
3,570,744,189 
6,172,622,834   
Finance income 
779,967,739 
9,705,979 
Finance cost 
(2,485,922) 
(3,251,194,267) 
Share of results of associates 
(40,452,718) 
(40,932,125) 
Profit before tax 
4,307,773,288 
2,890,202,421 
Tax 
(90,240,605) 
 (43,497,750)   
Net profit for the year 
4,217,532,683 
2,846,704,671 
Other comprehensive income for the year 
- 
- 
TOTAL comprehensive income for the year 
4,217,532,683 
2,846,704,671 
Non-current assets 
25,687,374,419 
9,138,254,544 
Current assets 
179,710,221,444 
176,272,965,917 
TOTAL assets 
205,397,595,863 
185,411,220,461 
TOTAL equity 
10,222,387,895 
6,004,855,212 
Current liabilities 
125,314,291,961 
115,673,956,003 
TOTAL liabilities 
195,175,207,968 
179,406,365,249 
TOTAL equity and liabilities 
205,397,595,863 
185,411,220,461

--- Page 540 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
540 
 
Auditors 
The audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2018 and the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 have been audited without qualification by Yiallourides & Partners Ltd, chartered 
accountants of Sotiris Tofini, 4, AUDEH QUARTERS, Floor 1, Flat 102 & 103, St. Athanasius, 4102, 
Limassol, Cyprus, who are the auditors of the Issuer and are members of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales (ICAEW) and of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Cyprus 
(ICPAC).

--- Page 541 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
541 
 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's State and of the issuer's State of incorporation might have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
The following is a general description of certain Russian, Cypriot, US and Irish tax considerations relating 
to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, 
whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Russian Taxation 
Taxation of the Notes 
General 
The following is an overview of certain Russian tax considerations relevant to the purchase, ownership and 
disposal of the Notes. The overview is based on the laws of the Russian Federation in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which are subject to potential change (possibly with retroactive effect). The overview 
does not seek to address the applicability of, and procedures in relation to, taxes levied by regions, 
municipalities or other non-federal authorities of the Russian Federation. Nor does the overview seek to 
address the availability of double tax treaty relief in respect of the Notes, and it should be noted that there 
may be practical difficulties, including satisfying certain documentation requirements, involved in claiming 
double tax treaty relief. Prospective investors should consult their own advisers regarding the tax 
consequences of investing in the Notes. No representations with respect to the Russian tax consequences 
of investing, owning or disposing of the Notes to any particular Noteholder is made hereby. 
The provisions of the Russian Tax Code applicable to Noteholders and transactions involving the Notes are 
ambiguous and lack interpretive guidance. Both the substantive provisions of the Russian Tax Code 
applicable to financial instruments and the interpretation and application of those provisions by the Russian 
tax authorities may be more inconsistent and subject to more rapid and unpredictable change than in 
jurisdictions with more developed capital markets or more developed taxation systems. In particular, the 
interpretation and application of such provisions will in practice rest substantially with local tax 
inspectorates. 
In practice, interpretation by different tax inspectorates may be inconsistent or contradictory and may 
constitute the imposition of conditions, requirements or restrictions not provided for by the existing 
legislation. Similarly, court rulings on tax or related matters by different Russian courts relating to the same 
or similar circumstances may also be inconsistent or contradictory. 
For the purposes of this overview, the term “Resident Noteholder” means: 
• 
a Noteholder (the “Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity”) who is (1) a Russian legal entity or an 
organisation; or (2) a legal entity or an organisation, in each case organised under a non-Russian 
law, which acquires, holds and disposes of the Notes through its permanent establishment in 
Russia (as defined by Russian tax law); or (3) a foreign organisation recognised as being Russian 
tax resident in accordance with the requirements set out in the Russian Tax Code. A foreign 
organisation shall be deemed to be a tax resident of the Russian Federation for the purposes of 
the Russian Tax Code if (1) it is deemed to be a tax resident of the Russian Federation in 
accordance with an applicable double tax treaty, o r (2) its place of management is in the 
Russian Federation, unless an applicable double tax treaty provides otherwise; and 
• 
a Noteholder who is an individual and who satisfies the criteria for being a Russian tax resident 
(the “Resident Noteholder–Individual”). A “Russian tax resident” is an individual who is 
present in the Russian Federation for 183 calendar days or more (in aggregate) in any period 
comprised of 12 consecutive months. Presence in Russia for Russian personal income tax residency 
purposes is not considered interrupted if an individual departs from Russia for short periods of 
time (less than six months) for medical treatment, education purposes, completion of employment 
or other duties related to work (rendering services) at offshore hydrocarbon fields.

--- Page 542 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
542 
 
For the purposes of this summary, a “Non-Resident Noteholder” means: 
• 
a Noteholder which is a legal entity or an organisation, in each case not organised under Russian 
law, that does not satisfy the criteria for being a Russian tax resident as defined above (the 
“Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity”); and 
• 
a Noteholder who is an individual and does not satisfy the criteria for being a Russian tax 
resident as defined above (the “Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual”). 
For the purposes of this overview, the definitions of “Resident Noteholder” and “Non-Resident Noteholder” 
in respect of individuals are taken at face value, based on the wording of Russian tax law as written as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. In practice, however, the application of the above formal residency 
definition may differ based on the position of the Russian tax authorities. The law is currently worded in a 
way that implies that there is potential for a split year residency for individuals. However, both the Russian 
Ministry of Finance and the Russian tax authorities have expressed the view that an individual should be 
either tax resident or non-resident in the Russian Federation for the full calendar year, and consequently, 
even where the travel pattern dictates a differing tax residency status for a part of the tax year, the 
application of the residency tax rate may in practice be disallowed. 
Although the Russian Tax Code states that tax residency for individuals depends exclusively on the number 
of days spent in Russia, the Federal Tax Service has issued several private clarifications promulgating a 
view that besides the number of days of physical presence, such factors as permanent home and centre 
of vital interest (a country where family or business is located), must be taken into account for the purposes 
of determination of tax residency. Although there are insufficient legislative grounds for this position, 
we may not exclude the risk of challenge of non-resident status for individuals who do not meet the physical 
presence test for residents but have ties (property, family, business, etc.) to Russia. 
Tax residency rules and the Russian Federation’s rights with regard to taxation may be affected by the 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
A Non-Resident Noteholder should not be subject to any Russian taxes on receipt from the Issuer of 
amounts payable in respect of principal, premium or interest on the Notes. 
Under existing Russian tax legislation, a Non-Resident Noteholder generally should not be subject to any 
Russian taxes in respect of gain or other income realised on a redemption, sales or a disposal of the Notes 
outside the Russian Federation, provided that the proceeds of such sale, redemption, or other disposal of 
the Notes are not received from a source within the Russian Federation. However, in the absence of a 
clear definition of what constitutes income from sources within Russia in the case of the sale of securities, 
there is a risk that the income from a disposition of the Notes (including any accrued and paid interest) may 
be considered as received from Russian sources for Non-Resident Noteholders. 
The acquisition of the Notes by Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entities (whether upon their issue or in 
the secondary market) should not constitute a taxable event under Russian tax law. Consequently, the 
acquisition of the Notes should not trigger any Russian tax implications for the Non-Resident Noteholders–
Legal Entities. 
In the event that proceeds from sales, redemption or a disposal of the Notes are received from a source 
within the Russian Federation, there is a risk that such sales proceeds or a certain portion thereof may be 
subject to Russian withholding tax on income at the rate of 20 per cent. subject to any available double 
tax treaty relief, even if the disposal itself results in a capital loss. In order to enjoy the benefits of an 
applicable double tax treaty, documentary evidence is required prior to payment being made to confirm 
the applicability of the double tax treaty under which benefits are claimed. Non-Resident Noteholder– 
Legal Entities should consult their own tax advisers with respect to possibility of obtaining a respective 
double tax treaty relief. 
The acquisition of the Notes by Non-Resident Noteholders–Individuals may constitute a taxable event for 
Russian personal income tax purposes, pursuant to the provisions of the Russian Tax Code relating to the 
material benefit (deemed income) received by individuals as a result of the acquisition of securities (in case 
the Notes are initially issued at par, these provisions are likely to be relevant for the acquisitions of the 
Notes in the secondary market only). In particular, if the acquisition price of the Notes is below the lower 
margin of the fair market value of the Notes calculated under a specific procedure for the determination of 
market prices of securities for tax purposes, the difference may become subject to the Russian personal 
income tax at the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of acquisition), 
arguably subject to reduction or elimination under the applicable double tax treaty.

--- Page 543 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
543 
 
Under the Russian tax legislation, the taxation of income derived by Non-Resident Noteholders– Individuals 
will depend on whether this income qualifies as received from Russian or non-Russian sources. Since the 
Russian Tax Code does not contain any provisions in relation to how the related material benefit should be 
sourced, in practice the Russian tax authorities may infer that such income should be considered as 
Russian source income, if the Notes are purchased “in Russia”. In the absence of any additional guidance 
as to what should be considered as a purchase of securities “in Russia”, the Russian tax authorities may 
apply various criteria to determine the source of the related material benefit, including looking at the place 
of the conclusion of the acquisition transaction, the location of the Issuer, or other similar criteria. 
Therefore, there is no assurance that as a result any material benefit received by the Non-Resident 
Noteholders–Individuals in connection with the acquisition of the Notes will not become taxed in Russia. 
The Non-Resident Noteholders–Individuals generally should not be subject to any Russian taxes in 
respect of the payment of interest on the Notes received from the Issuer. The taxation of interest on the 
Notes may however be affected by the taxation treatment of any income from the sale of the Notes. 
Non-resident Noteholder–Individuals should not be subject to any Russian taxes in respect of any gains or 
other income realised on a redemption, sale or other disposal of the Notes outside of Russia, provided that 
the proceeds of such sale, redemption, or disposal are not received from a source within Russia. Subject to 
any available tax treaty relief, if the receipt of any proceeds from the disposition of the Notes by a Non- 
Resident Noteholder–Individual is classified as income from a source within the Russian Federation for 
Russian personal income tax purposes and, as such, will be subject to Russian personal income tax at the 
rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of payment) on the gross amount 
of the proceeds from a disposition of the Notes (including accrued and paid interest on the Notes) less any 
available duly documented cost deductions. 
Since the Russian Tax Code does not contain any additional guidance as to when the sale or disposal 
proceeds should be deemed to be received from Russian sources, in practice the Russian tax authorities may 
assert that such income should be considered as Russian source income if the Notes are sold or disposed 
of “in Russia”. In the absence of any additional guidance as to what should be considered as a sale or other 
disposal of securities “in Russia”, the Russian tax authorities may apply various criteria in order to determine 
the source of the sale or other disposal, including looking at the place of the conclusion of the transaction, 
the location of the purchaser, or other similar criteria. Therefore, there is no assurance that as a result, sale 
or disposal proceeds received by the Non-Resident Noteholders–Individual will not become taxed in Russia. 
The tax will apply to the gross amount of sale or disposal proceeds received upon the disposition of the 
Notes (including accrued and paid interest on the Notes) decreased by the amount of any available duly 
documented cost deductions (including the original acquisition costs and other documented expenses related 
to the acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal of the Notes), provided that such documentation is duly 
executed. There is a risk that, if the documentation supporting the cost deductions is deemed insufficient 
by the Russian tax authorities, the immediate deduction will be disallowed and Russian personal income 
tax will apply to the gross amount of sale or disposal proceeds. 
In certain circumstances, if sale or other disposal proceeds (including accrued and paid interest on the 
Notes) are paid to a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual by a licensed broker or an asset manager that is a 
Russian legal entity or organisation carrying out operations under an asset management agreement, a 
brokerage service agreement, an agency agreement, a commission agreement or a commercial mandate 
agreement for the benefit of the Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual, the applicable personal income tax at 
the rate of 30 per cent. (or such other tax rate as may be effective at the time of payment) should be withheld 
at source by such person, who will be considered as the tax agent. 
The amount of tax withheld will be calculated after taking into account any available documented 
deductions for the original acquisition costs and related expenses on the acquisition, holding and sale or 
other disposal of the Notes to the extent such deductions and expenses can be determined by the entity 
making the payment of income to a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual. If the costs arose in connection 
with the acquisition of the Notes within the relationship with the party other than the tax agent who is 
obliged to calculate and withhold Russian personal income tax under this agreement, the original duly 
documented acquisition costs may be taken into account by the tax agent upon the written application of 
the Noteholder and the presentation of the documents confirming the costs. 
Where a sale that generates income “from Russian source” is made to other legal entities, organisations 
(other than licensed brokers or asset managers as mentioned in the preceding paragraph) or individuals (other 
than those individuals who qualify as so-called “individual entrepreneurs”), generally no Russian personal 
income tax should be withheld at source by these persons. The Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual would 
then be required to file a personal income tax return, report on the amount of income realised to the Russian 
tax authorities and apply for a deduction in the amount of acquisition and other expenses related to the

--- Page 544 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
544 
 
acquisition, holding and sale or other disposal of the Notes confirmed by the supporting documentation. 
The applicable personal income tax would then have to be paid by the Non-Resident Noteholder–
Individual on the basis of the filed personal income tax return. 
Under certain circumstances, gains received and losses incurred by a Non-Resident Noteholder– Individual 
as a result of the sale or other disposal of the Notes and other securities of the same category (i.e. securities 
qualified as traded or non-traded for Russian personal income tax purposes), occurring within the same 
tax year, may be aggregated for Russian personal income tax purposes, which would affect the total 
amount of income of a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual subject to taxation in Russia. 
There is also a risk that any gain derived by a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual from the sale or other 
disposal of the Notes may be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the currency of acquisition 
of the Notes, the currency of the sale or other disposal of the Notes, and Russian roubles. For personal 
income tax purposes, deductible costs and proceeds from a disposition of the Notes are converted into 
Russian roubles at the exchange rate of the Central Bank of Russia as of the date when the costs were 
incurred and the proceeds were received. This may result in taxable income in Russian rouble terms due to 
a devaluation of the Russian rouble (whereas in foreign currency terms there might be no gain or even 
capital loss). 
Non-Resident Noteholders–Individuals should consult their own tax advisors with respect to tax 
consequences arising in connection with the disposal of the Notes, including the receipt of sale or other 
proceeds from a source within Russia upon the sale or other disposal of the Notes. 
Resident Noteholders 
A Russian Noteholder is subject to all applicable Russian taxes and responsible for complying with any 
documentation requirements that may be established by law or practice in respect of gains from disposal of 
the Notes and interest income received on the Notes. Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax 
advisers with respect to their tax position regarding the Notes. 
Pursuant to Russian tax legislation in case payments made to Russian entities are treated as dividends in 
the state of source of such payments, they should be treated as dividends also for Russian tax purposes, 
regardless as to how they could be qualified under the Russian law. Consequently, in case any payments 
or any portion of payments could be treated as dividends under applicable foreign law (including, inter alia, 
Cypriot law), the following tax consequences may arise for Resident Noteholders. 
Dividends paid to a Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity or Resident Noteholder–Individual will be generally 
subject to Russian tax at the rate of thirteen per cent. Dividends received by Resident Noteholders–Legal 
Entities from the qualified Russian and foreign companies are taxable at the rate of zero per cent. This 
participation exemption is available with respect to companies in which (i) the participation of the parent 
company is not less than 50 per cent., and (ii) the participation has been held for not less than 365 days, 
and (iii) the company is not a resident of one of the jurisdictions included into the list of tax havens by the 
Russian Ministry of Finance. According to clarifications of the Russian tax authorities, it may be possible 
to claim that the thirteen per cent. tax rate should apply to dividends paid to a Russian permanent 
establishment of a foreign organisation, based on the non-discrimination provisions of a double tax treaty 
between Russia and the country of tax residency of the respective foreign organisation. As the Russian Tax 
Code doesn’t specifically provide for the application of the reduced tax rate in such situations and the 
application of the treaty based o n  non-discrimination cases is still rare in Russian practice, no assurance 
can be given that claims for the application of thirteen per cent tax rate would not be challenged by the 
Russian tax authorities. 
Given the lack of practice relating to taxation of payments that are treated as dividends under the foreign 
law, there is a risk that tax authorities could argue the applicability of the dividend tax rates, if under 
Russian law the payments would be treated differently and they may be taxed at the higher rates. There is 
also uncertainty as to how the Resident Noteholder should confirm that relevant payments (portions of 
payments) are treated as dividends under the foreign law and what mechanism of payment of tax should 
be applied in such case. 
Prospective Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Tax Treaty Relief 
Advance Treaty Relief 
The Russian Federation has concluded double tax treaties with a number of countries and honours some 
double tax treaties concluded by the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. These double tax treaties

--- Page 545 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
545 
 
may contain provisions that allow for the reduction or elimination of Russian income tax due with respect to 
income received by Non-Resident Noteholders from Russian sources, including income relating to the 
acquisition, holding, sale and disposal of the Notes (if this income is treated as income from Russian 
sources). To the extent that double tax treaty benefits are available, in order to obtain them, such Non- 
Resident Noteholders must comply with the certification, information and reporting requirements in force in 
the Russian Federation (relating, in particular, to the confirmation of the entitlement and eligibility to the 
treaty benefits). 
In order to make use of the double tax treaty benefits, a Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity which has 
the actual right to receive income (i.e. who qualifies as a “beneficial owner of income”) should provide 
the tax agent with a tax residency certificate and confirmation of its beneficial entitlement to income 
before the date of the income payment. 
Starting from 2016, in order to apply for a tax exemption or a payment of tax at a reduced tax rate under 
the respective double tax treaty, a Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual should provide a passport of a 
foreign citizen to the tax agent in order to prove his/her tax residency status in the foreign jurisdiction. If 
this document is not sufficient to prove the residency status, the tax agent will request that the Non- 
Resident Noteholder–Individual provides a tax residency certificate issued by the competent authorities in 
his/her country of residence for tax purposes. It is not clear whether, under the new law, Russian citizens 
who are Non-Resident Noteholder-Individuals may enjoy an exemption from taxation at source under the 
respective double tax treaty. 
It is not clear from the law how the tax agent shall determine whether a passport is sufficient to confirm the 
individual’s eligibility for double tax treaty benefits. 
Upon the payment of income which is subject to a tax exemption or withholding at a reduced tax rate under 
the respective double tax treaty, the tax agent is obliged to submit information to the tax authorities on 
foreign individuals (passport details and citizenship) and income (type of income, amount of income and 
date of payment) within 30 days. 
Where there is an absence of a tax agent, the procedure for the elimination of the double taxation of Non- 
Resident Noteholders–Individuals is not explicitly indicated in the Russian Tax Code. 
Non-resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers with regard to the possibility of tax treaty 
relief, and the procedures that are required to be fulfilled for obtaining such relief, with respect to any 
Russian taxes imposed in respect of income received in connection with the acquisition, holding and the 
sale or other disposal of the Notes, as well as interest on income and payments under the Guarantee. 
Refund of Tax Withheld 
If Russian withholding tax on income derived from Russian sources by a Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal 
Entity was withheld at source, a claim for a refund of the Russian income tax that was excessively withheld 
at source can be filed by that Non-Resident Noteholder–Legal Entity with the Russian tax authorities within 
three years following the year in which the tax was withheld, provided such Non- Resident Noteholder–
Legal Entity is entitled to the benefits of the applicable double tax treaty allowing it to not pay the tax, or 
allowing it to pay the tax at a reduced tax rate in relation to such income. There is no assurance that such 
refund will be possible in practice. 
If Russian personal income tax applicable to income derived from Russian sources by a Non-Resident 
Noteholder–Individual for whom double tax treaty relief is available was withheld at source, despite the 
right of the Non-Resident Noteholder–Individual to rely on the benefits of the applicable double tax treaty 
allowing them to not pay the tax in Russia or allowing them to pay the tax at the reduced rate in relation to 
this income, a claim for a refund of Russian personal tax which was excessively withheld at source and an 
application of the benefits of the applicable double tax treaty, together with a passport of a foreign 
individual/tax residency certificate issued by the competent authorities in his/her country of residence 
may be filed by that Non-Resident Noteholder-Individual with the tax agent within three years following 
the tax year when the corresponding income was received. In the absence of a tax agent withholding the 
Russian personal income tax under consideration (e.g. in the case of a liquidation of the tax agent), such 
an application for a refund may be filed with the Russian tax authorities within the same period (three years 
from the date when the tax was paid) accompanied by the Russian tax return, a tax residency certificate and 
the relevant documents proving tax withholding to the Russian tax authorities. There can be no assurance 
that the tax agent and/or the Russian tax authorities will refund this tax in practice. 
Although the Russian Tax Code arguably contains an exhaustive list of documents and information to be 
provided by a foreign person to the Russian tax authorities for tax refund purposes, the Russian tax 
authorities may, in practice, require a wide variety of documentation confirming a right of a Non-Resident

--- Page 546 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
546 
 
Noteholder–Individual to obtain the tax relief available under the applicable double tax treaty. Such 
documentation may not be explicitly required by the Russian Tax Code and may, to a large extent, depend 
on the position of the local representatives of the tax inspectorates. 
Obtaining a refund of Russian taxes that were excessively withheld at source is likely to be a time 
consuming process and, in practice, no assurance can be given that such a refund will be granted to a 
Non-Resident Noteholder which is an individual. 
Non-Resident Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the possibility of tax treaty relief 
and the procedures required to be fulfilled in order to obtain treaty relief in practice, with respect to any 
Russian taxes imposed on income received by a Non-Resident Noteholder upon the acquisition, holding 
and sale or other disposal of the Notes, as well as payments under the Guarantee. 
Cypriot Taxation 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in the Republic of Cyprus 
regarding the tax position of investors beneficially owning their Notes and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes. The summary 
does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, 
holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country 
of residence, citizenship or domicile.  Foreign taxes may be credited against personal income tax liability. 
Tax residency and tax basis 
Individuals 
An individual is considered to be a tax resident of Cyprus if he or she is a resident and physically present in 
the Republic of Cyprus for an aggregate total of more than 183 days in one year. 
As from 1 January 2017, an individual is also recognised as a Cypriot tax resident for a tax year, if he or 
she meets all of the following requirements: 
(i) 
does not spend more than 183 days in total in any state within the tax year; 
(ii) 
is not recognised as a tax resident of another state in the same tax year; 
(iii) 
stays in Cyprus for at least 60 days in the tax year; 
(iv) 
pursues a business or is employed in Cyprus or holds an office with a company that is a Cypriot tax 
resident at any time during the tax year; and 
(v) 
maintains a permanent home in Cyprus that is either owned or rented. 
If an individual terminates his or her employment, winds up his or her business or ceases to hold office as per 
(iv) above, he or she cannot be considered a Cypriot tax resident for the respective tax year. 
Companies 
A company is considered to be tax resident in the Republic of Cyprus if its management and control is 
exercised in Cyprus. There is no definition in Cypriot tax laws as to what constitutes "management and 
control". It is generally accepted and in line with international tax practices that the following conditions 
should be considered to determine if a company is classified as a resident of Cyprus for tax purposes: 
(i) 
the majority of the meetings of the board of directors are held in Cyprus; 
(ii) 
the majority of important decisions are taken in Cyprus; and 
(iii) 
the majority of the directors are resident in Cyprus. 
In addition to the above, for the purposes of obtaining tax residency certificates  from the Cypriot tax 
authorities, the following factors are also considered: 
(i) 
whether the board of directors exercises control and makes key management and commercial 
decisions necessary for the company's operations and general policies; 
(ii) 
whether shareholders' meetings are held in Cyprus; 
(iii) 
whether any general powers of attorney are issued to non-Cypriot tax residents; 
(iv) 
whether the corporate seal and all statutory books and records are maintained in Cyprus;  
(v) 
whether corporate filing and reporting functions are performed by representatives located in

--- Page 547 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
547 
 
Cyprus; and 
(vi) 
whether agreements relating to the company's business and assets are executed or signed in Cyprus. 
A company is generally regarded as having a "permanent establishment" in Cyprus if it has a fixed place of 
business through which the trade of the business is carried out fully or partially, and including a management 
base, a branch or an office. 
Tax basis 
All Cyprus tax residents are taxed on their worldwide income. Non Cyprus tax residents are taxed on 
certain income derived from sources in Cyprus or from a business activity which is carried out through a 
permanent establishment in Cyprus. Foreign taxes may be credited against this tax liability.  
Interest Payments 
Residents/Permanent Establishments: Subject to the below in relation to individuals, interest payments 
made to residents of Cyprus may be subject to special contribution for defence in Cyprus at a rate of 30 
per cent (3 per cent in respect of interest from Corporate Bonds), if such interest is characterised as “passive” 
income. If the interest is characterised as “active” income, it is not subject to any special contribution for 
defence, but it is subject to either corporate or personal income tax. “Active” income is the income accrued from 
activities directly related to or closely connected with the ordinary course of business. “Passive” income 
is the income directly or indirectly from activities that generate investment income. 
The concept of the “non-domiciled” person has, as of July 2015, been introduced into the Cyprus Special 
Contribution for Defence Law. This means that individuals that are not domiciled in Cyprus will not be 
subject to special contribution for defence. 
Special contribution for defence is now only applicable to Cyprus tax residents who are also domiciled in 
Cyprus. Cyprus tax residency for individuals is determined by the number of days each person spends in 
Cyprus in each calendar year. 
Prior to the introduction of this concept, special contribution for defence was applicable to those who 
were Cyprus tax residents, and was applied on certain types of worldwide income. 
An individual is considered as domiciled in Cyprus by way of domicile of origin or domicile of choice. 
It is noted that an individual who has spent 17 out of the last 20 years as a tax resident of Cyprus will 
be considered to be domiciled in Cyprus, irrespective of his domicile of origin. Furthermore, an individual 
who has Cyprus as his or her domicile of origin shall be deemed as not domiciled in Cyprus, provided he was 
not a Cyprus tax resident for at least 20 years before the year he or she became a tax resident in Cyprus. 
Finally, an individual who has acquired and maintains a domicile of choice outside of Cyprus, provided he 
was not a resident of Cyprus for any period of at least 20 continuous years prior to becoming a tax resident 
in Cyprus, shall also be deemed as not domiciled in Cyprus. 
Taxation of Interest Income 
Resident Individuals 
Interest income received by a resident individual who is also domiciled in Cyprus is wholly exempt from 
income tax. However, such interest income is subject to a special contribution for defence at the rate of 
30 per cent. (3 per cent in respect of interest from Corporate Bonds). Where the interest arises from the 
ordinary business activities or is closely related to the ordinary activities of an individual it shall be subject 
to personal income tax and not to special contribution for defence. 
Please note the summary provided immediately above in relation to the concept of the “non-domiciled” 
person, which has recently been introduced into Cypriot tax law, whereby individuals that are not domiciled 
in Cyprus will not be subject to a special contribution for defence. 
Where the total income of an individual (including interest) does not exceed €12.000 in a tax year, then the 
rate on interest income is reduced to 3 per cent. (instead of 30 per cent.). For Cyprus-sourced interest, special 
contribution for defence due is withheld at source and is payable at the end of the month following the 
month in which it is paid. For foreign-sourced interest income, special contribution for defence is payable 
in 6 month intervals, on 30 June and 31 December each year. 
Cyprus tax resident individuals are also subject to National Health System (NHS) contributions on their 
interest income irrespective of whether they are domiciled or non-domiciled in Cyprus. The applicable (as 
from 1 July 2020) NHS rate is 2,65 per cent and it applies on total annual income of an individual (including 
interest) of €180.000. For Cyprus-sourced interest, NHS contributions are withheld at source and are 
payable at the end of the month following the month in which the interest was paid.

--- Page 548 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
548 
 
Resident Legal Entities/Permanent Establishments 
Any interest received that is deemed to be of an “active” nature will be subject to corporation income tax 
in Cyprus at a rate of 12.5 per cent. (after deduction of expenses wholly and exclusively incurred for the 
production of income) and will be exempt from the special contribution for defence. 
Any interest received that is deemed to be of a “passive” nature will be subject to a 30 per cent. special 
contribution for defence on the total amount. 
Gains from the disposal of securities 
Any gain from the disposal of securities by a company or an individual which is tax resident in Cyprus is 
exempt from corporate or personal income tax irrespective of the nature of the gain (capital or trading), the 
number of securities held or the holding period. The term "securities" includes shares, bonds, debentures, 
founders' shares and other securities of companies or other legal persons, incorporated in Cyprus or abroad, 
as well as options on such securities. 
Gains from the disposal of shares are also outside the scope of capital gains tax provided that the company 
whose shares are disposed of: 
(a) 
does not own directly or indirectly (subject to conditions) any immovable property situated in 
 
Cyprus; or 
(b) 
where it does own immovable property situated in Cyprus, its shares are listed on a recognised 
 
stock exchange. 
Stamp duty 
Cyprus levies stamp duty on every instrument (agreement or document) irrespective of the place it was 
drafted if: 
• 
it relates to any property situated in Cyprus; or 
• 
it relates to any matter or thing which is performed or done in Cyprus. 
There are instruments (agreements or documents) which are subject to stamp duty in Cyprus at a fixed fee 
(ranging from EUR 1.00 to EUR 35.00) and instruments which are subject to stamp duty based on the value 
of the instrument as follows: 
• 
For instruments with a value of EUR 1.00 up to EUR 5,000 there is no stamp duty payable. 
• 
For instruments with a value between EUR 5,001 up to EUR 170,000 the stamp duty payable is 
of EUR 1.50 for every EURO 1,000 or a part of the EUR 1,000. 
• 
For contracts with a value over EUR 170,000 the stamp duty payable is EUR 2.00 for every EUR 
1,000 or a part of the EUR 1,000 with a maximum stamp duty (i.e. cap) of EUR 20,000. 
Where more than one documents/agreements are used in the same transaction, only the main document 
will usually attract stamp duty calculated on the basis of the above formula and the remaining documents 
may be considered as ancillary documents on which a nominal amount of stamp duty at the rate of EUR 
2.00 per document will be levied. 
The obligation to pay stamp duty arises irrespective of whether the instrument is executed in Cyprus or 
abroad. 
Ireland 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters 
regarding the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Particular 
rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, including dealers in 
securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of 
a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular 
holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon 
under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest 
on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the Notes may

--- Page 549 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
549 
 
be treated as having an Irish source if: 
• 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
• 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which are used 
to fund the payments on the Notes; or 
• 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained in 
Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that: (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuer 
does not and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) bearer Notes will not 
be physically located in Ireland and the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered Notes in Ireland. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax 
(currently 20 per cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the 
stocks, funds, shares or securities (such as the Notes) of a company not resident in Ireland, where such 
interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax does not apply where the holder of the Notes is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
Taxation of Receipts 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive payments of interest, premium or discount on the Notes 
free of Irish withholding tax, the Noteholder may still be liable to pay Irish income or corporation tax 
(and in the case of individuals, the universal social charge) on such interest, premium or discount if (i) such 
interest, premium or discount has an Irish source, (ii) the Noteholder is resident or (in the case of a person 
other than a body corporate) ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes (in which case there may also be 
a pay related social insurance (PRSI) liability for an individual in receipt of interest, premium or discount 
on the Notes), or (iii) the Notes are attributed to a branch or agency of the Noteholder in Ireland. Ireland 
operates a self-assessment system in respect of income and corporation tax, and each person must assess its 
own liability to Irish tax. 
Relief from Irish income tax may be available under the specific provisions of a double taxation agreement 
between Ireland and the country of residence of the recipient. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains realised on a disposal of Notes unless (i)  
such holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland; or (ii) such holder carries on a trade in Ireland 
through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes were used or held or acquired; or (iii) the Notes 
cease to be listed on a stock exchange in circumstances where such Notes derive their value or more than 
50% of their value from Irish real estate, mineral rights or exploration rights. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax (which subject 
to available exemptions and reliefs is currently levied at 33 per cent.) if either: (i) the disponer or the 
donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain 
circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his/her residence or that of the 
donee/successor) on the relevant date; or (ii) if the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland. A 
foreign domiciled individual will not be regarded as being resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland at the 
date  of  the  gift  or  inheritance  unless  that  individual:  (i)  has  been  resident  in  Ireland  for  the five 
consecutive tax years immediately preceding the tax year in which the gift or inheritance is taken; and (ii) is 
either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland on that date. 
Bearer Notes are generally regarded as situated where they are physically located at any particular time. 
Notes in registered form are regarded as property situate in Ireland if the register of the Notes is in Ireland. 
The Notes may, however, be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of their physical location if they 
secure a debt due by an Irish resident debtor and/or are secured over Irish property. Accordingly, if Irish 
situate Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be within the charge to tax 
regardless of the residence status of the disponer or the donee/successor. 
Stamp duty on the Transfer of Notes 
As the Issuer is not registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting a transfer of 
the Notes so long as (i) the Notes do not derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or

--- Page 550 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
550 
 
indirectly from any non-residential immovable property situated in Ireland and (ii) the instrument of 
transfer of the Notes does not relate to: 
• 
any immoveable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; or 
• 
any to stocks or marketable notes of a company registered in Ireland (other than a company which 
is (i) an investment undertaking within the meaning of Section 739B of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act, 1997 (“TCA”) or (ii) a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 of the TCA.. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission's proposal”) for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary’ market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 551 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
551 
 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on (i) certain payments of U.S. source income and 
(ii) beginning two years after the date final Treasury regulations defining the term "foreign passthru 
payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register, foreign passthru payments made to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution 
for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including The Republic of Cyprus) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 552 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
552 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited (the “Dealer”). 
The Dealer may also agree in respect of certain Tranches of Notes to act as placement agent of the Issuer. 
The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed (or placed) by, the Dealer are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about 18 December 
2020 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the Dealer. If in the case of any Tranche 
of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and the Dealer for that Tranche to 
be issued by the Issuer and subscribed (or placed) by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any other 
interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by 
the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers 
(including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation 
to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed (if applicable) by the Dealer and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the existing Dealer 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by the dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA and the United Kingdom (each a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of such 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
 (a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to such Notes 
specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus

--- Page 553 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
553 
 
which is not a Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than  150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes and Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA or the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the notes. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPS 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA or the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the Issuer;

--- Page 554 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
554 
 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to 
the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
The Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that the Notes may not be offered or sold to or for the 
benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual 
residence in the Russian Federation, or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation, 
unless: 
(a) 
a Russian prospectus in respect of the Notes has been duly registered by the CBR and the Notes 
have been admitted by the CBR to "placement" or "public placement" (in each case as defined 
by Russian securities laws) in the Russian Federation; or 
(b) 
a licensed Russian stock exchange has duly admitted the Notes to trading and "public circulation" 
(as defined by Russian securities laws) in the Russian Federation in accordance with the Federal 
Law No. 39-FZ "On the Securities Market" dated 22 April 1996, as amended; or 
(c) 
the Notes are offered or sold exclusively to "qualified investors" (as defined by Russian securities 
laws) in a manner that does not constitute "placement", "public placement" or "public circulation" 
(in each case as defined by Russian securities laws) in the Russian Federation; or 
(d) 
such offering or sale is otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
The Republic of Cyprus 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken as follows: 
(a) 
it has not and will not, offer, sell or deliver the Notes, and has not distributed and will not 
distribute in the Republic of Cyprus this Base Prospectus or any document, circular, advertisement 
or other offering material, except under circumstances which will result in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable laws and regulations in effect at the relevant 
time under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus or otherwise; 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Prospectus Law of Cyprus 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
Republic of Cyprus; and 
(c) 
it has not and will not provide from within the Republic of Cyprus any “investment services” 
and/or “ancillary services” and/or perform any “investment activities” (as these are defined in the 
Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law and as further amended from time 
to time (the “Investment Services Law”), nor has it or will it do anything, including the provision 
and/or performance of any services or activities, which caused it or may cause it to fall within the 
scope of the Investment Services Law, or in relation to "financial instruments" as defined in the 
Investment Services Law, or if it provides investment services and/or “ancillary services” and/or 
perform any “investment activities” from outside the Republic of Cyprus it will be regulated 
accordingly from the relevant jurisdiction except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with the Investment Services Law and any other applicable laws and regulations in 
effect at the relevant time. 
The United States of America 
Selling Restrictions 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered

--- Page 555 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
555 
 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the provisions of 
U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (“TEFRA D”) 
apply or do not apply (“TEFRA not applicable”) to the issuance of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, deliver 
such Notes (i) as part of their distribution of the Notes at any time or (ii) otherwise until after the expiration 
of the 40 day distribution compliance period, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in 
the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells 
any Notes prior to the expiration of the 40 day distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
stating that the dealer purchasing the Notes is subject to the same restrictions on offers and sales that apply 
to a Dealer. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are only being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. In addition, until the 40 day distribution compliance period with respect to any Series of 
Notes has expired, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States or to a U.S. person by the 
Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Notes linked to an Underlying Reference, Physical Delivery Notes or Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Notes and each subsequent purchaser of such Notes in resales or other transferee of such 
Notes prior to the expiration of the 40 day distribution compliance period will be deemed to acknowledge, 
represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S are used herein 
as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it is (a) outside the United States, (b) not a U.S. person and (c) not an affiliate of the Issuer or 
a person acting on behalf of such affiliate; 
(b) 
it understands that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public 
offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(c) 
that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period (defined as 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes or syndicated 
basis, the relevant lead manager), it will do so only outside the United States in compliance with 
Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. State and Federal securities laws; 
(d) 
it acknowledges that the Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed 
to by the Issuer: 
“THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT 
BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
OR ANY REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
THE UNITED STATES, AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE FISCA L AGENCY AGREEMENT OR AGENCY AGREEMENT (AS APPLICABLE) 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS

--- Page 556 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
556 
 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.”; 
(e) 
it understands that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more 
accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and 
that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements 
on behalf of each such account; and 
(f) 
it understands that the Notes in registered form offered in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Global Registered Note. Prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, before any interest in the Global Registered Note may be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Registered 
Global Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the 
form provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement or Agency Agreement (as applicable)) as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
General 
The Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealer shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealer described in the paragraph headed 
“General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.

--- Page 557 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
557 
 
GENERAL CONSENT – THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR TERMS 
These terms (the “Authorised Offeror Terms”) will be relevant in the case of any Tranche of Notes, if 
(and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”. They are 
the Authorised Offeror Terms which will be referred to in the “Acceptance Statement” to be published 
on the website of any financial intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and 
(b) accepts such offer by publishing an Acceptance Statement on its website. 
1. 
General 
The relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
Applicable Rules: acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of 
any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
Subscription and sale: complies with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and 
Sale” in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer and 
with any further relevant requirements as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and consider the target market and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II 
product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable); 
(c) 
Fees, commissions and benefits: ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, 
rebate received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of 
the Notes does not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(d) 
Licences, consents, approvals and permissions: holds all licences, consents, approvals 
and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales 
of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(e) 
Violation of Rules: it will immediately inform the Issuer and any relevant Dealer if at 
any relevant time it becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any 
Rules; 
(f) 
Anti-money laundering, bribery and corruption: complies with, and takes appropriate 
steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of 
corruption and “know your client” Rules, and does not permit any application for Notes 
in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source 
of the purchase monies; 
(g) 
Record-keeping: retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and “know your client” Rules applying to the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
Breach of Rules: does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement 
to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
Publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the Dealer 
or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups 
or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any 
statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in relation to the 
Notes; 
(j) 
Information: does not give any information other than that contained in this Base 
Prospectus (as may be amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) 
or make any representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation 
of interest in, the Notes; 
(k) 
Communications: agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise 
includes any announcement published by the Issuer via Company Announcement

--- Page 558 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
558 
 
Office of the Euronext Dublin at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with 
the Base Prospectus, and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in 
compliance with the Rules and must state that such Authorised Offeror has provided it 
independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not 
accepted any responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(l) 
Legal or publicity names: does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant 
Dealer, the Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary 
interest or in any statements (oral or written), marketing material or documentation in 
relation to the Notes; and 
(m) 
Any other conditions: agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 8(vi) of Part 
B of the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Indemnity 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that if either of the Issuer incurs any liability, damages, 
cost, loss or expense (including, without limitation, legal fees, costs and expenses and any value 
added tax thereon) (a “Loss”) arising out of, in connection with or based on any inaccuracy of 
any of the foregoing representations and warranties or any breach of any of the foregoing 
undertakings then the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer on demand an amount 
equal to such Loss. 
3. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The relevant financial intermediary agrees that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance 
by the financial intermediary of the offer of the Issuer to use this Base Prospectus with 
their consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror 
Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law; 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly the relevant financial intermediary 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
(c) 
each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, 
be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which are, 
or are expressed to be, for their benefit but, subject to this, a person who is not a party 
to the Authorised Offeror Contract has no right to enforce any term of the Authorised 
Offeror Contract; and 
(d) 
the parties to the Authorised Offeror Contract do not require the consent of any person 
not a party to the Authorised Offeror Contract to rescind or vary the Authorised Offeror 
Contract at any time.

--- Page 559 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
559 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on ESMA 
Benchmarks Register 
LIBOR 
ICE 
Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
Yes 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes. 
MOSPRIME 
National 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Association 
(Национальная 
валютная ассоциация) 
No. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that the European Money Markets 
Institute is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration.

--- Page 560 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
560 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisations 
The Programme and the issuance of Notes thereunder was authorised by resolutions of the directors 
of the Issuer passed on or around the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has obtained or will 
obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Notes. 
2. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
3. 
Significant/Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 30 June 
2020 and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2019. 
4. 
Auditors 
The audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2018 and the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 have been audited without qualification by Yiallourides & 
Partners Ltd, Sotiris Tofini, 4, AUDEH QUARTERS, Floor 1, Flat 102 & 103, St. Athanasius, 
4102, Limassol, Cyprus, who are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England 
and Wales (ICAEW) and of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Cyprus (ICPAC) who 
have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base 
Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
5. 
Documents on Display 
Physical copies of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the 
offices of the Issuer at Agia Zoni, 12, Agia Zoni Center, Flat/Office 103, 3027, Limassol, Cyprus 
for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (https://bcs-sp.com/docs/other-info/); 
(b) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2018 (https://www.bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/c11/BCS-SP-CONS-2018-FS-
Revised-Final-Signed.pdf); 
(c) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/f69/FS_2019.pdf); 
(d) 
the unaudited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the period ending 
30 June 2019 (https://www.bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/36a/BCS-SP-CONS-JUNE-
2019-_-FINAL-SIGNED.pdf); 
(e) 
the unaudited and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the period ending 
30 June 2020 (https://bcs-sp.com/upload/iblock/823/Interim-consolidated-FS-of-BCS-
SP-PLC-Signed.pdf); 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus will be available in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie). 
6. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which could 
result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.

--- Page 561 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
561 
 
7. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus shall specify any other clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
8. 
Listing 
A&L Goodbody is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
9. 
Passporting 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more 
further certificates of approval under the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in Ireland to be 
issued by Central Bank of Ireland to the competent authority in any Member State. 
10. 
Home Member State 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which (a) have a minimum denomination of less 
than EUR1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares 
(or transferable securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any entity to whose 
group the Issuer belongs. Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
11. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the Dealer at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of 
determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue 
price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date 
of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if 
interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of 
the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the 
relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
12. 
Post-issuance Information  
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information in relation to the Underlying 
Reference(s) to the Noteholders.  
13. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 213800W4XQFCUX7HFM81. 
14. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is https://bcs-sp.com/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this prospectus. 
15. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 562 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
562 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Agia Zoni,  
12, Agia Zoni Center 
Flat/Office 103, 3027 
Limassol, Cyprus 
ARRANGER 
BCS Prime Brokerage Limited 
Level 36a, Tower 42 
25 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1HQ 
 United Kingdom 
DEALER 
BrokerCreditService (Cyprus) Limited 
Spyrou Kyprianou & 1 Oktovriou, 1 
Vashiotis Kalande Offices 
2nd floor 
Mesa Geitonia 
4004 Limassol 
Cyprus  
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Citgroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citgroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citgroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealer as to English law 
CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang LLP 
Cannon Place 
78 Cannon Street  
London EC4N 6AF 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee, Registrar, Fiscal Agent and 
Principal Paying Agent as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 563 ---
UK - 646019401.4 
563 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Yiallourides & Partners Ltd 
Sotiris Tofini, 4 
AUDEH QUARTERS, Floor 1, Flat 102 & 
103 St. Athanasius, 4102, Limassol 
Cyprus 
LISTING AGENT 
A&L Goodbody 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1, Ireland