--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2021 
 
 
Buckingham Gate S.A. 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with its registered office at Airport Center 
Luxembourg, 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and 
Companies (Registre de commerce et des sociétés) under number B241693 
 
 
 
REPACKAGING PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 2 ---
Important Information 
 
 
i 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) gives information on the Company and the repackaging programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of secured obligations. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Instruments, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Responsibility 
Buckingham Gate S.A. (LEI: 635400OEUHDOWOHPOK63) (the "Company") 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the Company’s knowledge the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
In addition, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”) 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled "The Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty and SL Counterparty". To the best of the knowledge 
and belief of Mediobanca, such information is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
The Company has not made any investigation with regards to the accuracy and 
completeness of the information under the section entitled "The Swap Counterparty, 
Repo Counterparty and SL Counterparty" in this Base Prospectus (the "Third Party 
Information"). Prospective investors in the Instruments should not rely upon, and 
should make their own independent investigations and enquires in respect of, the 
accuracy and completeness of the Third Party Information. 
No representations 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
other than those contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Series Terms 
in connection with the issue or sale of the Instruments and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Company or any of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or any of their 
respective affiliates. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale of 
Instruments made in connection therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Company since the 
date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Company since the date of this Base Prospectus or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee, the Counterparty(ies) or any of their 
respective affiliates have separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Except as described above with respect to Third Party Information in 
respect of such party, none of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or any of their 
respective affiliates makes any representation, express or implied, or, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement made or purported to be made by a Dealer, the Arranger, the Trustee or 
any of their respective affiliates or on behalf of any of them in connection with the 
Company or the issue and offering of the Instruments. Each of the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s) and the Trustee accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in

--- Page 3 ---
Important Information 
 
 
ii 
 
 
tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have 
in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Company and 
Issuer 
The Company is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a société anonyme (public 
limited liability company) under the laws of Luxembourg. The Company is an 
unregulated securitisation undertaking subject to the Luxembourg law of 22 March 
2004 on securitisation, as amended (the "Securitisation Law") and is not supervised 
by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF"). 
Under the Programme, the Company, acting on behalf and for the account of a 
particular Compartment (in each such case, an "Issuer"), may from time to time issue 
a series (each, a "Series") of secured notes and/or debt instruments ("Instruments"), 
in one or more tranches (each, a "Tranche"), on the terms set out in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by one of the following: 
(i) 
the final terms prepared in connection with such Tranche (the "Final 
Terms"); 
(ii) 
the terms set out in a prospectus relating to the Instruments, incorporating 
by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus, prepared in 
respect of a Series not issued by way of Final Terms that is intended to be 
listed on a regulated market (the document that is required for the 
Instruments to be listed on a regulated market, a "Series Prospectus") and, 
if the Instruments are not listed on the Issue Date, the document to be dated 
on or around the Issue Date (such document, a "Series Memorandum"); or 
(iii) 
any other similar document, prepared in respect of a Series that is not 
intended to be listed on a regulated market, 
and the Series Memorandum, Series Prospectus or other similar document as 
contemplated in (iii) above shall be a "Series Issuance Document"). 
References herein to the "Issuer" in respect of any obligations issued under the 
Programme are to the Issuer specified as such in the Final Terms or Series Issuance 
Document relating to such obligations and shall be read as a reference to such Issuer 
acting severally and not jointly with any other Issuers. Such references shall 
specifically exclude any other company or issuer. 
Limited recourse 
structure 
Under the Securitisation Law and the Articles of the Company, the Company’s board 
of directors may establish one or more "Compartments" constituting separate and 
segregated parts of the Company’s estate (patrimoine). For each Series of 
Instruments issued by the Company, the Company will create a new Compartment. 
The Company, acting in respect of such Compartment, will purchase or otherwise 
acquire assets with the proceeds of issue of the Series of Instruments, and those 
assets and the liabilities of the Company acting in respect of such Compartment in 
relation to such Series of Instruments will be allocated to that Compartment and will 
be segregated from the Company’s other assets and liabilities and from the assets 
and liabilities allocated to all other Compartments. The assets in the Compartment 
will be available exclusively to meet the obligations, debts and liabilities of the 
Company acting in respect of that Compartment in respect of that Series of 
Instruments and may not be used by the Company to meet its obligations, debts or 
liabilities in respect of any other Series of Instruments or any other obligations. 
In addition, each Series of Instruments will be secured by a security interest created 
in favour of the Trustee over the assets allocated to a Series of Instruments. If the 
proceeds of enforcement of the security interest in such assets are not sufficient to 
meet all of its obligations, debts or liabilities in respect of the Series of Instruments,

--- Page 4 ---
Important Information 
 
 
iii 
 
 
the Issuer’s obligations, debts or liabilities in respect of the Instruments will be limited 
to those proceeds. No other assets of the Company (including assets of any other 
Compartment in respect of the Company) nor any assets relating to any other Series 
will be available to meet any shortfall. 
Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any Series Issuance 
Document and the offering or sale of the Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. In particular, no action has been or will be taken by the Company, 
the Arranger, the Trustee or any Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates (save 
as specified in the relevant Series Issuance Document) which is intended to permit a 
public offering of the Instruments or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Series 
Terms in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the 
Instruments may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any Series Terms nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any Applicable Laws. None of the Company, the 
Arranger, the Dealer(s) or the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Instruments may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus and any Series Terms comes are required by the Company, the Arranger, 
the Dealer(s) and the Trustee to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and include Instruments in bearer 
form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Instruments may not at any time 
be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to (i) 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), (ii) U.S. persons 
(as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") or (iii) a person 
who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), or any rule, guidance or 
order proposed or issued by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the 
“CFTC”) thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a “Non-United 
States person” under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also including but not limited to a 
“U.S. person” as described in and for the purposes of the CFTC’s Interpretive 
Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations, 78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013) as amended from time to time). For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Instruments and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in the United States, the United Kingdom and the 
European Economic Area, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Risk factors 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section 
of this Base Prospectus headed ‘Risk Factors’ and, in particular, to the limited 
recourse nature of the Instruments and the fact that the Company is a special purpose 
vehicle. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in 
the Instruments. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any Series 
Issuance Document are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Company, the 
Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Series Issuance Document 
should purchase the Instruments.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Information 
 
 
iv 
 
 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as contemplated by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Base Prospectus has been 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as a competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of quality of the Instruments that are 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Instruments. Application will be made to The Irish 
Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for certain 
Instruments issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official 
List") and admitted to trading on its regulated market. References in this Base 
Prospectus to Instruments being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Instruments have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and have been admitted to the Official List, unless specified otherwise in the 
relevant Final Terms or Series Issuance Document (as defined on page (ii)). The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the 
Instruments which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area or the 
United Kingdom. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
in electronic form on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
The Company is not, and will not be, regulated by the Central Bank. Any investment 
in the Instruments does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not subject to the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
The Programme permits Instruments to be admitted to trading on the Global 
Exchange Market operated and regulated by Euronext Dublin (the "GEM"). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes "Base Listing Particulars" where Instruments are 
to be admitted to trading on the GEM of Euronext Dublin. Where Instruments are to 
be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the GEM of 
Euronext Dublin, the Form of Series Issuance Document contained herein will 
constitute a "Pricing Supplement" under the Base Listing Particulars. Instruments 
may also be issued under the Programme on the terms set out in "Series Listing 
Particulars" relating to the Instruments that incorporate by reference the whole or 
any part of the Base Listing Particulars. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this document as 
Base Listing Particulars as such term is defined in Euronext Dublin’s rules relating to 
the GEM. Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for certain Instruments issued 
under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing 
Particulars to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to 
trading on the GEM which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The 
GEM is not considered to be a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or MiFID II.  
Instruments may also be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock 
exchanges as may be agreed between the Company and the relevant Dealer(s) and

--- Page 6 ---
Important Information 
 
 
v 
 
 
as specified in the applicable Series Issuance Document for the relevant Instruments. 
Instruments which are not intended to be listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange ("Unlisted Instruments") may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Where Instruments are Unlisted Instruments, this will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Issuance Document. 
The applicable Final Terms or the terms and conditions set out in the applicable 
Series Issuance Document (such Final Terms or terms and conditions set out in the 
applicable Series Issuance Document, the "Series Terms") in respect of any Series 
of Instruments will specify whether or not such Instruments will be listed and if so, 
whether such Instruments will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on 
(i) the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (in the case of Final Terms or a Series 
Issuance Document) or (ii) any other stock exchange (in the case of a Series Issuance 
Document), in each case as may be agreed between the Company and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Instruments to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin may only be issued by way of Final Terms under this Base 
Prospectus where (i) a public offering of the Instruments is not intended, (ii) the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €125,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Instruments) and (iii) the Underlying Collateral 
is Specified Underlying Collateral (as defined herein). Where (i) a public offering or 
distribution of the Instruments is intended, (ii) the minimum specified denomination of 
the Instruments is less than €125,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Instruments) or (iii) the Underlying Collateral of the Instruments 
is not Specified Underlying Collateral then a Series Prospectus will be required for 
the Instruments to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of 
MiFID II. This Base Prospectus has not been reviewed by the Central Bank in relation 
to any Series Terms or other similar document in respect of any Instruments which 
are not intended to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
In this Base Prospectus, if any term is contemplated as being specified in the 
applicable Series Terms and no placeholder exists for such term in the Form of Final 
Terms set out in this Base Prospectus, a Series Issuance Document shall be prepared 
in respect of any issuance of Instruments where such term is applicable. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of the Instruments, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply 
when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Rating 
Instruments to be issued under the Programme are not expected to be rated. 
Informed 
assessment 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to 
the Company and the Instruments which, according to the particular nature of the 
Company and the Instruments, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Company.

--- Page 7 ---
Important Information 
 
 
vi 
 
 
No offer 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf 
of the Company, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Trustee or any of their respective 
affiliates to subscribe for, or purchase, any Instruments. 
Independent 
review/investor 
suitability 
Independent review and investment advice 
Each prospective investor in the Instruments must determine, based on its own 
independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the Instruments is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing 
in or holding the Instruments. 
To determine whether an investment in the Instruments is appropriate, each 
prospective purchaser must consider its own assessment of the financial condition 
and affairs and the creditworthiness of the Issuer, each Counterparty and each 
Collateral Obligor and such professional advice (including, without limitation, any tax, 
accounting, business, legal and regulatory advice) as it deems appropriate to assess 
the economic and political condition of the country in which such obligor is located. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Series Terms is intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation or should be considered as a recommendation or as 
constituting an invitation or offer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Series Terms should purchase any of the Instruments. The Trustee, the Arranger and 
the Dealer(s) expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition, 
creditworthiness or affairs of the Company or any other relevant obligor(s) during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the term of any 
Instruments issued nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Instruments 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the 
Trustee or any of their respective affiliates. 
Investor suitability for complex products 
Prospective purchasers of Instruments should conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the Company, the security arrangements and the 
Instruments as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Instruments. Prospective purchasers of Instruments should have 
sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters, and access 
to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical resources, to evaluate the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or Series Issuance 
Document and the merits and risks of investing in the Instruments in the context of 
their financial position and circumstances.  
Sufficient financial resources 
Each prospective investor in the Instruments should have sufficient financial 
resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Instruments.  This includes the risk of where principal and interest may reduce as a 
result of the occurrence of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of 
any entity or otherwise or changes in particular rates, values, prices or indices, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor’s currency. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or the 
Trustee or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its determination as to

--- Page 8 ---
Important Information 
 
 
vii 
 
 
the legality of its acquisition of the Instruments or as to the other matters referred to 
above. 
Applicable Laws  
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor 
should therefore consult its professional advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent: 
(i) 
the Instruments are legal investments for it, and/or 
(ii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase of any Instruments. 
Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Instruments under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No advisory or fiduciary obligations 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties 
or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment adviser or as adviser in 
any other capacity. None of them (other than the Trustee under the Trust Deed) 
assumes any fiduciary obligation to any purchaser of Instruments or any other party, 
including the Issuer. 
No due diligence 
Investors must carry out their own due diligence into the business, financial condition, 
prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of each Collateral Obligor and the 
terms of the related Collateral and of each Counterparty (if any) and the terms of each 
Counterparty Agreement (if any). 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties 
assumes any responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any such investigation.  
No representations 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties 
makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of: 
(i) 
any Collateral; 
(ii) 
any Collateral Obligor; 
(iii) 
any Counterparty; 
(iv) 
any Counterparty Agreement; or 
(v) 
any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by 
or on behalf of any such Collateral Obligor or in respect of such Collateral or 
of any Counterparty or in respect of any Counterparty Agreement with any 
exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any 
other person.  
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of the other Transaction Parties makes 
any representation or warranty, express or implied, in respect of the Issuer or in 
respect of any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by 
or on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 9 ---
Important Information 
 
 
viii 
 
 
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided to assist prospective 
purchasers of the Instruments in assessing certain relevant risks related to their 
investment and to assist prospective purchasers in making their own informed 
investment decision in respect of the Instruments. The Arranger, the Dealer(s) and 
the Trustee disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Instruments of the risks 
and investment considerations associated therewith as they may exist at the date 
hereof or as they may from time to time alter. Prospective purchasers of the 
Instruments should read carefully the information provided in the risk factors before 
investing in the Instruments. 
Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors 
The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended) (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EEA MiFID II 
Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
The applicable Series Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend 
entitled “EEA MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the 
Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the EEA MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive

--- Page 10 ---
Important Information 
 
 
ix 
 
 
2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments. 
UK MiFIR Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
The applicable Series Terms in respect of any Instruments may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution of the 
Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Instruments (a “distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments. 
EEA Benchmark 
Regulation 
The Instruments offered on the basis of this Base Prospectus may be linked to 
benchmarks within the meaning of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the “Benchmark Regulation” or “BMR”). In such case, the Issuer is 
subject to certain requirements as regards the use of these benchmarks and related 
information obligations in relation to this Base Prospectus, inter alia, regarding the 
specification whether a benchmark administrator of the relevant benchmark is 
registered in accordance with the BMR. However, due to ongoing internal technical 
preparations, the Issuer is likely to have limited or no information, inter alia, in relation 
to the registration status of a number of the relevant administrators during the term of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Definitions 
Investors should have regard to the definitions set out in the Definitions Annex to the 
Master Terms and Conditions and the Master Definitions and Construction Terms. 
Unless otherwise defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, capitalised terms used 
in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning given to them in the Definitions Annex 
to the Master Terms and Conditions or the Master Definitions and Construction 
Terms. The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain technical terms 
including references to legislation have been included in their original language so 
that the meaning may be ascribed to them under the relevant law.

--- Page 11 ---
Contents 
 
 
x 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................  
1 
INVESTOR SUITABILITY ..................................................................................................................................  
35 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ..............................................................................................................................  
37 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................  
39 
An overview of certain key features of the Programme. 
 
PROGRAMME STRUCTURE……………………………………………………………………………….................. 
49 
A description of how the transaction documents operate together. 
 
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS ..............................................................................................................  
53 
The contractual terms of the Instruments. 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT  ......................................................................................................................  
204 
Additional conditions relating to the holding of the Instruments in clearing systems. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS  .................................................................................  
209 
Details of the security that may be granted by the Issuer. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS .......................................................................................  
211 
A summary of certain events that result in early redemption. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE LIQUIDATION OF COLLATERAL, ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY AND LIMITED 
RECOURSE PROVISIONS ...............................................................................................................................  
216 
A summary of provisions relating to disposal of the collateral, enforcement of security and limited recourse. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP AGREEMENT  ................................................................................................  
218 
A description of the Swap Agreement to be used for specific issuances. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE REPO AGREEMENT  ................................................................................................  
223 
A description of the Repo Agreement to be used for specific issuances. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES LENDING AGREEMENT  ....................................................................  
226

--- Page 12 ---
Contents 
 
 
xi 
 
 
A description of the Securities Lending Agreement to be used for specific issuances. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT PROCESS ............................................  
229 
A summary of provisions relating to replacement of the Swap Counterparty. 
 
THE COMPANY  ...............................................................................................................................................  
232 
A description of the Company. 
 
THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY, REPO COUNTERPARTY AND SL COUNTERPARTY  .................................  
237 
A description of the Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty and SL Counterparty. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN  .............................................................................................................  
238 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE  .................................................................................................................  
239 
TAXATION  ........................................................................................................................................................  
240 
An overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Instruments. 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................  
246 
A summary of certain restrictions regarding the offer and sale of the Instruments. 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................  
254 
Certain additional information relating to the Instruments. 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS..................................................................................................................................  
256 
The template for the Final Terms to be used for specific issuances. 
 
FORM OF SERIES TERMS OF A SERIES ISSUANCE DOCUMENT  .............................................................  
275 
The template for the Series Terms to be used in a Series Issuance Document. 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 ...........................................................................................................................................................................  
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus. 
296

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
1 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors in Instruments should carefully consider the following information in conjunction with the other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, the information contained 
in the documents set out in the sections entitled “Information Incorporated by Reference”, "Investor Suitability” and 
"Conflicts of Interest", as well as any Final Terms or Series Issuance Document before purchasing any Instruments. 
The following risk factors set out those factors that the Issuer believes: 
• 
represent risks (including the market risks) inherent in investing in the Instruments; 
• 
may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Instruments; and/or 
• 
are material for the purposes of assessing the risks associated with the Instruments (by reference to 
general criteria that are not particular to the specific circumstances of any individual prospective investor). 
The risks highlighted in this section are not exhaustive.  There may be other reasons why the Issuer is unable to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts due in respect of the Instruments and/or why amounts payable in respect 
of the Instruments may be reduced.  Prospective investors should read the information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or Series Issuance Document, and reach their own conclusions 
prior to making a decision in respect of any investment.  The Issuer considers that the risk factors identified in this 
Base Prospectus are material for the purposes of assessing the risks associated with the Instruments; no assurance 
can be given to the effect of any event described in a risk factor occurring. 
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided to assist prospective purchasers of the Instruments 
in assessing certain relevant risks related to their investment and to assist prospective purchasers in making their 
own informed investment decision in respect of the Instruments. The Arranger, the Dealer(s) and the Trustee 
disclaim any responsibility to advise purchasers of Instruments of the risks and investment considerations 
associated therewith as they may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. Prospective 
purchasers of the Instruments should read carefully the information provided in the risk factors before investing in 
the Instruments. Other than where Instruments are being issued by way of Final Terms, additional risk factors may 
be set out in the applicable Series Issuance Document and prospective purchasers should also read those risk 
factors in connection with the Instruments to which that Series Issuance Document relates. 
Investors should be aware that more than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects with regard to the 
Instruments, such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable.  In addition, more than one risk 
factor may have a compounding effect which may not be predictable.  No assurance can be given as to the effect 
that any combination of risk factors may have on the value of the Instruments. 
For the purposes of these risk factors, references to “Instrumentholders” or “holders” of Instruments should 
generally be read as including holders of beneficial interests in such Instruments, except where the context 
otherwise requires. 
An overview of the risk factors is set out on the following two pages.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
2 
 
 
Summary risk factors 
1. 
Risks relating to the Company 
The Company is incorporated in Luxembourg and its only business is the issuance of Instruments for the 
purposes of purchasing assets and/or entering into related derivatives and other transactions within the 
limits of the Securitisation Law. The Company has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-
up share capital, any fees and any Mortgaged Property on which Instruments or other obligations are 
secured. The Company is insolvency-remote, but it is not insolvency-proof. See pages 4 to 7. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Instruments 
The Instruments are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. Payments due in respect 
of the Instruments of any Series are limited to amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Mortgaged Property allocated to the Compartment relating to that Series. See pages 7 to 11. 
3. 
Risks relating to early redemption of the Instruments and any enforcement actions 
The Instruments may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain events (such as illegality, certain 
tax and regulatory events, events affecting the value of Collateral or termination of any Counterparty 
Agreement).  Payments on (or deliveries under) the Instruments will be subject to senior ranking claims of 
other Transaction Parties and will be made by the Issuer solely out of amounts received in respect of the 
Mortgaged Property, which may not be sufficient to cover all amounts due and payable under the 
Instruments. See pages 11 to 15. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Collateral 
The Collateral will be subject to various risks including credit, liquidity and interest rate risks, and 
Instruments will be exposed to the market value of the Collateral if the Instruments redeem early, resulting 
in or increasing losses to Instrumentholders, particularly in circumstances where an Underlying Collateral 
Obligor is insolvent. See pages 15 to 17. 
5. 
Risks relating to the market and market value of Instruments 
Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one is not expected to develop. 
investors may not be able to sell their Instruments easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Even though the Issuer may 
buy back the Instruments in certain circumstances, it has no obligation to do so. The market value of the 
Instruments, if any, will be affected by a number of factors. See pages 17 to 20. 
6. 
Risks relating to taxation 
Payments due to Instrumentholders may be subject to deduction or withholding for or on account of tax, 
and in certain circumstances such deduction or withholding may result in the early redemption of the 
Instruments. See pages 20 to 21. 
7. 
Risks relating to the Counterparty(ies) and the Counterparty Agreement(s) 
Default by (or other events affecting) any Counterparty or failure by the Issuer to make its 
payments/deliveries under any Counterparty Agreement (including as a result of not receiving scheduled 
payments under the Collateral) may result in the termination of the Counterparty Agreement(s) and the 
early redemption of the Instruments. See pages 21 to 24. 
8. 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
As Collateral in the form of transferable securities or cash will be held in an account of the Custodian, the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Instruments will depend on receipt by the Issuer of 
payments from the Custodian and Instrumentholders are therefore exposed to the creditworthiness of the 
Custodian. Similarly, where Collateral is held with a clearing system, the Custodian will be dependent upon

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
3 
 
 
receipt of payments from such clearing system and so Instrumentholders are exposed to any clearing 
system holding the Collateral. See pages 24 to 26. 
9. 
Risks relating to the Agents 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent is declared insolvent while holding funds for payment to Instrumentholders, 
Instrumentholders may not receive any amounts due to them under the Instruments and are therefore 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent. The terms of the Instruments confer on 
the Calculation Agent certain discretions in making determinations and calculations in relation to, amongst 
other things, the occurrence of various events. There can be no assurance that the exercise of any such 
discretion will not negatively affect the value of the Instruments. See pages 26 to 27. 
10. 
Risks relating to regulatory change 
The United States of America, the European Union and other jurisdictions have implemented, and are 
implementing, regulatory changes and have indicated that changes to financial services law and regulation 
will continue, potentially including the imposition of stricter controls on some financial activities. It is 
uncertain how such regulatory reform would affect the Issuer, the Instruments or the activities of other 
Transaction Parties. The Instruments may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain regulatory 
events. See pages 27 to 38.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
4 
 
 
1. 
Risks relating to the Company  
1.1 
The Company is a special purpose vehicle 
The Company is incorporated in Luxembourg and its only business is the issuance of Instruments for the 
purposes of purchasing assets and/or entering into related derivatives and other transactions within the 
limits of the Securitisation Law.  
The Company has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share capital, such fees (as 
agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Instruments or entry into of other obligations from time 
to time and any Mortgaged Property on which Instruments or other obligations are secured. The Company 
will have no assets with which to make any payments under any Series of Instruments. Nor will the 
Company have any assets to meet claims made against it either in respect of a Series of Instruments or 
any other claims against it.  The sole assets available to fund payments under a Series of Instruments will 
be those assets allocated to the Compartment to which that Series of Instruments relates. 
Accordingly, there are risks in investing in the Instruments issued by the Company which differ from risks 
in investing in instruments issued by a trading company with substantial assets and/or operations. 
1.2 
The Company has a Compartment structure pursuant to the Securitisation Law  
The Company intends to establish several Compartments in accordance with the Securitisation Law and 
its Articles. Under the Securitisation Law, each Compartment is a separate and distinct part of the 
Company’s estate (patrimoine) and will conduct no business operations other than the issue and 
repayment of the relevant Instruments and the connected transactions. In these risk factors, the Company 
acting in respect of one of its Compartments is referred to as the "Issuer". 
The recourse of the Company’s creditors in respect of each Compartment is limited to the assets allocated 
to that Compartment. This means that claims against the Company by the Secured Creditors (including 
the Instrumentholders) in respect of each Series of Instruments will be limited to the net proceeds of the 
Mortgaged Property for such Series included in the relevant Compartment. Under the Securitisation Law, 
the net proceeds of the Mortgaged Property for each Series are available only for distribution to the 
specified Instrumentholders and other creditors relating to such Series. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on or deliveries under the Instruments 
to the Instrumentholders and none of the Arranger, any Counterparty, any of their respective affiliates or 
any third party assumes any liability or obligation to the Instrumentholders if the Issuer fails to make a 
payment due under the Instruments. The Instruments are not guaranteed by any person. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to make a payment due under the Instruments and net proceeds of any 
assets allocated to that Compartment are insufficient, the Instrumentholders of any Series of Instruments 
will not have any claim against the assets (if any) allocated to other Compartments of the Company for the 
shortfall. 
1.3 
Liabilities of the Company that are not Compartment-specific may be allocated among 
Compartments at the discretion of the Company and Instrumentholders may be subject to 
competing claims of other creditors of the Company whose claims are not related to their 
Compartment 
Fees, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Company, but which do not relate specifically 
to any Compartment may be payable out of the assets allocated to Compartments. Such liabilities shall be 
general liabilities of the Company and may be allocated to the Compartments, on a half year basis in 
arrears, to all the Compartments, on an equal basis and pro rata temporis for Compartments created within 
such half year, where the relevant issue documentation expressly authorises such creditors to have 
recourse against the assets allocated to such Compartments. 
In respect of any Compartment, Instrumentholders may be subject to competing claims of other creditors 
of the Company whose claims are not related to a Compartment in relation to which the relevant Series of

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
5 
 
 
Instruments has been issued where (i) the claims are not Compartment-specific or (ii) a jurisdiction (other 
than Luxembourg) to which any assets of the Compartment are subject would not recognise the 
segregation of assets and liabilities between Compartments as provided for in the Securitisation Law.  
The claims of other creditors may affect the amount of assets available to meet the claims of the 
Instrumentholders of such Series. If there is any shortfall in the amounts available from the assets of the 
relevant Compartment, no debt will be owed by the Company to the Instrumentholders in respect of such 
shortfall. 
1.4 
The Company is structured to be insolvency-remote, but it is not insolvency-proof 
The Company is structured to be insolvency-remote and will contract with parties who agree not to make 
any application for the commencement of winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings under the 
Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction against the Company. The Issuer is permitted (as provided for in the 
Trust Deed) to contract only with parties who agree not to make any application for the commencement of 
winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings under the Applicable Laws of any jurisdiction against the 
Company.  
However, there is no assurance that all claims that arise against the Company will be on a non-petition 
basis or that such contractual provisions will necessarily be respected in all jurisdictions, in particular where 
claims arise from third parties that have no direct contractual relationship with the Company or if the 
Company fails for any reason to comply with its contractual obligations (including the obligation only to 
contract on a "non-petition" basis).  
A creditor (including a contingent or prospective creditor) that has not accepted non-petition provisions in 
respect of the Company may be entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against the Company. The commencement of such proceedings may entitle such a creditor 
to terminate contracts with the Company and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such early 
termination. If the Instruments remain outstanding at the time that any insolvency proceedings are 
commenced, this may also lead to an early redemption of the Instruments and related enforcement actions. 
1.5 
In the insolvency of the Company certain creditors may be preferred to the Transaction Parties 
under Luxembourg law 
The Company may be declared insolvent upon petition by a creditor of the Company or the public 
prosecutor (Procureur d'État) in Luxembourg or at the request of the Company in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of Luxembourg insolvency law.  
If as a result of such claims by the Issuer’s creditors a shortfall arises, such shortfall is normally expected 
to be borne by the Instrumentholders and the Transaction Parties in accordance with the priority of 
payment provisions contained in the relevant Transaction Documents. 
However, if a Luxembourg court were required to analyse the subordination and priority of payment 
provisions contained in the relevant Transaction Documents and the Instruments in the context of 
insolvency proceedings initiated against the Company, the court may disregard the rules on priority of 
payments provided for in such documents, and apply mandatory rules of priority of payments applicable in 
Luxembourg insolvency proceedings to the extent that certain third parties have legal preference rights. 
Such preferred creditors include the bankruptcy receiver (curateur) and the tax authorities. 
If the court decided to disregard the contractual priority of payments, the Instrumentholders would be 
subordinated and would rank behind the creditors mandatorily preferred by Luxembourg law.  Any claims 
made by such preferred creditors would also fall outside the terms of the Instruments and the prescribed 
order of priority. This may result in the Instrumentholders receiving reduced payments under the 
Instruments than that they would if the priority of payments as set out in the Transaction Documents were 
upheld in full.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
6 
 
 
1.6 
The Company is operated by a corporate services provider 
The Company has appointed and is operated by the Corporate Services Provider in accordance with the 
terms of the related corporate services agreement. The Corporate Services Provider is an independent, 
third party entity which has agreed to provide certain administrative, accounting and related services to 
entities of the same type as the Company. All directors of the Company are therefore employees of the 
Corporate Services Provider. 
The operations of the Company may be adversely affected by the termination of the appointment of the 
Corporate Services Provider. The Company may also be adversely affected by the insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Corporate Services Provider or any default, negligence or fraud on the part of the 
Corporate Services Provider or any of its employees or agents. 
1.7 
The Company may be subject to anti-money laundering legislation which if violated could 
materially and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made by the Issuer 
The Company may be subject to legislation and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments and 
money laundering (including tax evasion) as well as laws, sanctions and restrictions relation to certain 
individuals and countries. If the Company were determined by the relevant authorities to be in violation of 
any such legislation or regulations, it could become subject to significant penalties, including in certain 
cases criminal penalties.  
Any such violation and consequential penalties could have a material and adverse effect on the Issuer and 
on the timing and amount of payments made by the Issuer to Instrumentholders in respect of the 
Instruments of a particular Series. Furthermore, such violation and consequential penalties in respect of 
Instruments issued by a single Compartment may affect the legal and regulatory treatment of the entire 
Company. The consequences of which would be to adversely affect the timing and payment of all of the 
Instruments issued by all other Compartments of the Company and not merely those of the Instrument and 
the Issuer responsible for such specific violation. 
1.8 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive impact on the Company 
The EU has adopted the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 (“ATAD I”) and Council Directive 
(EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 (“ATAD II” and hereafter with ATAD I collectively referred as “ATAD”) to 
combat tax avoidance practices. ATAD II broadens the hybrid mismatches situations covered by ATAD I 
and extends its application to third countries. ATAD I has been implemented in Luxembourg through the 
law dated 21 December 2018.  
ATAD II has been implemented in Luxembourg by the law dated 20 December 2019 and the new measures 
apply as from 1 January 2020, except for the measures related to reverse hybrid mismatches which will 
apply as from fiscal year 2022. 
The interest limitation rules and the hybrid mismatches introduced by ATAD would impact Luxembourg 
companies subject to corporate income tax. The Company may be taxed as a result of ATAD 
implementation if, amongst other things, the Company derives income other than interest or income like 
interest from its underlying Collateral and if the Instruments issued or underlying Collateral is regarded as 
hybrid from a tax perspective. In such circumstances, ATAD would have an adverse impact at the level of 
the Company, this could lead to an Issuer Tax Event and an early redemption of the Instruments. Any tax 
due would reduce the Early Redemption Amount payable to the Instrumentholders. ATAD will apply 
differently to different Series of Instruments but the effect of ATAD in respect of a Series of Instruments 
will affect the Company directly and will thereafter affect individual Compartments indirectly. Such 
consequences may be significant and may result in early redemption of such Series. 
1.9 
Evolution of international fiscal policy and the impact on the double tax treaty relief 
A number of double tax treaties have been entered by Luxembourg with other states. The Company may 
be required for certain income from the underlying collateral to rely on such double tax treaties, therefore, 
the application of each double tax treaty would need to be considered by taking into account the

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
7 
 
 
requirements imposed by the source country, for example, by being a fully taxable resident and being the 
beneficial owner of such income or capital gains on obtaining tax treaty relief. As the fiscal environment is 
evolving and developing rapidly, new tax measures may be introduced which could restrict the Company’s 
ability to rely on double tax treaties, for instance the Company may not be seen as beneficial owner of the 
collateral for these purposes. Moreover, Luxembourg has adopted the Multilateral Convention to 
Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting signed on 7 June 
2017 through the law of 7 March 2019 and filed its instrument of ratification with the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development on 9 April 2019. Therefore, to benefit of specific double tax 
treaties the principal purpose test may need to be met. If the Company would not be able to rely on double 
tax treaties provisions, this could lead to an early redemption of the Notes and any tax due will reduce the 
Early Redemption Amount payable to Instrumentholders. 
1.10 
The Company may be required to become regulated by the Luxembourg regulatory authorities 
Even though the Company is not currently regulated, there is no assurance that in the future the Company 
would not be required to be licensed or authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking 
laws or regulations in Luxembourg or other jurisdictions. 
The Company may be required to be supervised by the CSSF if it issues Instruments to the public on a 
continuous basis. If the Company issues Instruments to professional clients within the meaning of point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or issues Instruments on a private placement basis only, the Company would 
be unlikely to be considered as issuing to the public and should not require supervision by the CSSF. 
Any requirement to be licensed, registered, supervised or authorised would require the Company to make 
an application with the relevant supervisory authorities and could have a material and adverse effect on 
the Company and on the holders of the Instruments until such licence or authorisation is approved. A 
requirement to be licensed, registered, supervised or authorised may also require the Company to change 
service providers and appoint new directors and will entail ongoing reporting obligations vis-à-vis the 
CSSF. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Instruments 
2.1 
The Issuer’s obligations are limited recourse  
The Instruments are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer. Payments due in respect 
of the Instruments of any Series will be made solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Mortgaged Property allocated to the Compartment relating to that Series. The Issuer will 
have no other material assets or sources of revenue available for payment of any of its obligations under 
the Instruments. Accordingly, to the extent amounts realised from the Mortgaged Property allocated to the 
Compartment relating to the Series are not sufficient to make payment of all amounts due from the Issuer 
pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Instruments and any other Transaction Documents, then no other assets 
of the Issuer or the Company shall be available to meet any resulting shortfall in amounts payable to the 
Instrumentholders. Any such shortfall shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the applicable 
priority of payments (see further discussion on the position of the Instrumentholders in such priorities of 
payments in the paragraph 3.4 (Payments to Instrumentholders are subordinated to the claims of other 
Secured Creditors) below). A failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of any such shortfall shall 
not constitute an Event of Default in relation to the Issuer, nor can the Instrumentholders proceed against 
the Issuer, any other Compartment or the Company in respect of such shortfall. 
2.2 
Decisions made by written resolution of the Instrumentholders or by Extraordinary Resolution are 
binding on all Instrumentholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of Instrumentholders and obtaining written 
resolutions on matters relating to the Instruments from Instrumentholders without calling a meeting. A 
written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Instruments of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed shall be deemed to be an

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
8 
 
 
Extraordinary Resolution. In certain circumstances, the Issuer and the Trustee will also be entitled to rely 
upon approval of a resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the relevant 
clearing system. 
A written resolution or an electronic consent described above may be obtained in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Instrumentholders. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Instrumentholders including Instrumentholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and 
Instrumentholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The interests of the Instrumentholders forming the required majority may not coincide with those of other 
Instrumentholders and, accordingly, an Instrumentholder may be adversely affected by a decision made 
or action taken by other Instrumentholders without its consent. 
2.3 
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances, agree to modification, waivers, tap issuances and the 
substitution of the Issuer without the consent of the Instrumentholders 
The Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Instrumentholders, agree to: 
• 
modifications to any of the Terms and Conditions and any of the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents made pursuant to and in accordance with the requirements set out in Master 
Condition 7(i) (Reference Rate Fallbacks), Master Condition 9(d)(vi) (Additional provisions 
relating to Regulatory Events), Master Condition 9(d)(vii) (Additional provisions relating to 
Benchmark Events)or Master Condition 17(b) (FATCA and similar information); 
• 
any modification of any of the Terms and Conditions or any of the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents that in the opinion of the Trustee is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error;  
• 
any other modification (except in respect of a Reserved Matter), and any waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of any of the Terms and Conditions or any provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of Instrumentholders;  
• 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Series of Instruments or any 
provision of the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect the appointment or 
replacement of any Agent pursuant to Clause 1 (Agent Replacement) of the Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex, provided that doing so would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, powers and 
protections;  
• 
the substitution of another company as principal debtor under the Instruments in place of the 
Issuer pursuant to Master Condition 18(f) (Substitution); and 
• 
tap issuances by the Issuer pursuant to Master Condition 20 (Further issues). 
Furthermore, the Trustee may, in certain circumstances and without the consent of Instrumentholders, 
determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such. 
The actions of the Trustee described above may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Instruments. 
2.4 
Certain investors in the Instruments are not permitted; void transfer and forced transfer 
Unless otherwise expressly specified in the terms of the Instruments, the Instruments may not be at any 
time offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in the United States or to (i) a U.S. person (as defined 
in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S under the Securities Act), (ii) a U.S. person (as defined in the final risk 
retention rules promulgated under Section 15G of the Exchange Act) or (iii) a person who comes within

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
9 
 
 
any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended 
(the "CEA"), or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a “Non-United 
States person” under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also including but not limited to a “U.S. person” as 
described in and for the purposes of the CFTC’s Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations, 78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013) as amended from time to 
time) (any such person or account, a “Non-Permitted Transferee”). 
If ‘Void Transfer’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, any transfer of Instruments to a Non-
Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. 
Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in Instruments in such 
a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such 
Instruments, and may not receive any payments under the Instruments. 
If ‘Forced Transfer’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, the Issuer will have the right at any time 
after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in Instruments is held by a Non-
Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to require such Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan 
Investor to sell such interest to (a) the Arranger (or any of its Affiliates) or (b) a person who is not a Non-
Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor, in each case in accordance with Master Condition 3(h) (Void 
transfer and forced transfer). The sale price of such interest will be equal to the lowest of the purchase 
price paid for such interest by such Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor, the principal 
amount of such interest and the fair market value of such interest (less any costs or expenses incurred by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such sale).  Pending such sale, the Issuer will be entitled to 
cease to make any payments in respect of Instruments held by a Non-Permitted Transferee or a Benefit 
Plan Investor. 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Instruments to a Non-Permitted 
Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Instruments to 
dispose of the Instruments in the secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the 
Instruments. As a result, the value of the Instruments may be materially adversely affected. 
2.5 
The Specified Denomination of the Instruments may cause Instrumentholders to incur additional 
costs 
Instruments may have Specified Denominations of a certain amount or amounts plus one or more integral 
multiples of a smaller amount (the “Integral Multiples”) in excess thereof, in which case: 
• 
the Instruments may be tradable only in the minimum authorised denomination of the Specified 
Denomination and the Integral Multiples; and 
• 
it is possible that the Instruments may be traded in amounts in excess of the Specified 
Denomination that are not Integral Multiples of the Specified Denomination. 
An Instrumentholder who, as a result of trading such amounts as contemplated in the second bullet point 
above, holds an amount which is less than the Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant 
clearing system may need to purchase a principal amount of Instruments such that the aggregate principal 
amount of its holding amounts to not less than the Specified Denomination in order to be able to transfer 
its Instruments (subject in all cases to the rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system). 
2.6 
If the Instruments are in global form, Instrumentholders will rely on the clearing systems for 
payments 
Instruments may be represented on issue by one or more Global Instruments that may be deposited with 
a common depositary or common safekeeper for a clearing system. While the Instruments are represented 
by Global Instruments, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing system and its respective participants. Global Bearer Instruments may only be exchanged for 
definitive Bearer Instruments in very limited circumstances.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
10 
 
 
While the Instruments are represented by Global Instruments, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligation under the Instruments by making payments through the relevant clearing system.  A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Instrument must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to receive payments under the Instruments. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Instrument. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Instrument will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Instruments so represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants. 
2.7 
Eurosystem eligibility of Instrument is not guaranteed 
Certain Series of Instruments may be issued in NGN form or held under the NSS with the intention that 
such Instruments be recognised and added to the list maintained and published by the European Central 
Bank of assets which are recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary and intra-day credit 
operations. In certain circumstances, recognition may impact on (among other things) the liquidity of the 
relevant assets. Recognition (and inclusion on the list) is at the discretion of the European Central Bank 
and is dependent upon satisfaction of certain Eurosystem eligibility criteria and rules. However, there can 
be no assurance that such Instruments will be so recognised by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life, or, if they are recognised, that they will continue to be recognised at all 
times during their life. 
2.8 
Any system failures, IT disruption or cyber attacks may affect the Instruments 
Any payments, transfers, determinations or any other actions with respect to the Instruments may need to 
be processed, arranged or made by the relevant clearing system, the relevant exchange or market on 
which the Instruments are listed, the Issuer, the Agents or any of the other Transaction Parties. If any 
computer or communications systems, any market infrastructure or any related arrangements were to 
experience any system failures, crashes, cyber-attacks, infections with malicious software or any other 
types of disruption or a force majeure event, that may have an adverse effect on the ability of the relevant 
parties to make or process the relevant payments, arrange any relevant transfers, carry out any 
determinations or take any other actions that may be required under the terms of the Instruments. 
The Company, being a special purpose vehicle, is particularly dependent on the systems of transaction 
participants to ensure that payments are made in respect of the Instruments.  A failure on the part of any 
of the transaction participants (as well as the Issuer itself) may have a significant adverse effect on 
payments under the Instruments. 
2.9 
Negative interest rates may apply in certain circumstances to cash funds held by the Custodian or 
the Trustee  
Negative interest rates may apply from time to time in certain circumstances to: 
• 
any cash funds held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer (including cash funds held on behalf 
of the Issuer which have been transferred by the Counterparty(ies) under the Counterparty 
Agreement(s) or which originate from other assets transferred to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Counterparty Agreement(s)); and  
• 
any cash funds held by the Trustee in respect of the Instruments. 
To the extent that such negative interest rates apply, the amount of cash collateral held by the Custodian 
or the Trustee may be reduced. This may result in Instrumentholders suffering a loss if any Counterparty 
fails to pay amounts due from it under the relevant Counterparty Agreement. Instrumentholders should 
therefore note that unless additional amounts are transferred to the Issuer to account for any deductions 
of negative interest, Instrumentholders may receive less than they otherwise would have if such negative 
interest rate did not apply.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
11 
 
 
3. 
Risks relating to early redemption of the Instruments and any enforcement actions 
3.1 
The Instrumentholders will only have recourse to the Mortgaged Property 
The proceeds of the realisation of the Mortgaged Property available for the repayment of the Instruments 
at any particular time may not be sufficient to cover all amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect 
of the Instruments. If the proceeds of the realisation of the Mortgaged Property prove insufficient to make 
payments or deliveries in respect of the Instruments, no other assets will be available for payment or 
delivery in respect of the shortfall.  Following distribution of the proceeds of such realisation any 
outstanding claim against the Company in relation to the Instruments will be extinguished.  No debt will be 
owed by the Company in respect of such claim. 
In such circumstances holders of Instruments may lose some or all of their investment in the Instruments. 
3.2 
The Instruments may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Maturity Date 
The Instruments may be redeemed on a date prior to the Maturity Date following the occurrence of one or 
more Early Redemption Events which include the following events (some of which may need to be 
specified in the relevant Series Terms in order for the relevant event to apply to the Instruments):  
• 
certain events with respect to the Underlying Collateral which may include: 
• 
any of the Underlying Collateral being called for redemption; 
• 
repayment or prepayment of the Underlying Collateral prior to its scheduled maturity date; 
• 
certain failures to make payments in respect of the Underlying Collateral; 
• 
failure to deliver the Underlying Collateral; or 
• 
the conversion of the Underlying Collateral into another instrument or a redenomination of 
the currency in which the principal or interest of the Underlying Collateral is due to be paid; 
• 
certain events with respect to the Underlying Collateral Obligor which may include: 
• 
certain failures to pay occurring in respect of an obligation of the Underlying Collateral 
Obligor; 
• 
an obligation of the Underlying Collateral Obligor becoming due and repayable prior to its 
scheduled maturity date; 
• 
a repudiation or moratorium followed by a failure to pay occurring in respect of an obligation 
of the Underlying Collateral Obligor; 
• 
an obligation of the Underlying Collateral Obligor undergoing a restructuring, a bankruptcy, 
insolvency, liquidation or similar event occurring in respect of the Underlying Collateral 
Obligor; or  
• 
certain events being taken by a governmental authority in respect of an obligation of the 
Underlying Collateral Obligor; 
• 
certain tax events with respect to the Instruments, the Underlying Collateral or the Issuer; 
• 
the termination of any Counterparty Agreement; 
• 
failure to appoint a Swap Counterparty replacement or an Agent replacement; 
• 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar event in respect of the Arranger (in circumstances 
where no replacement either may be effected or is actually effected); 
• 
the balance of the Series Reserve Account falling below a specified level following the 
replacement of the Arranger;

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
12 
 
 
• 
the value of the Underlying Collateral and the Swap Agreement falling to or below a specified 
level; 
• 
illegality; 
• 
certain regulatory events; and 
• 
any other event set out in an applicable Product Supplement or the relevant Series Terms. 
In the event that Instruments are redeemed early, the Early Redemption Amount may be less than the 
amount that would have been payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date. For more details with respect to 
the Early Redemption Events, please see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of Early 
Redemption Events". 
3.3 
There may be adverse consequences of early redemption of Instruments and Liquidation of 
Collateral  
The Instruments may be redeemed early as a result of either an Early Redemption Event or an Event of 
Default. Unless physical settlement is applicable, the amount payable to the Instrumentholders will be 
calculated by reference to the liquidation proceeds of the Collateral. Instrumentholders will therefore be 
exposed to the market value of the Collateral (for consideration of certain factors that may impact such 
values see paragraph 4 below) and the actions of the Disposal Agent.   
Upon early redemption of the Instruments (where physical settlement does not apply), the Disposal Agent 
will be responsible for liquidating the Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Disposal Agency 
Agreement. Except as otherwise set out in the Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Series of 
Instruments, the Disposal Agent is permitted to sell the Collateral (or any part thereof) at any time during 
the liquidation period or in stages in respect of smaller amounts, and shall not have any liability for doing 
so if a higher price could have been obtained had such sale taken place at a different time during the 
relevant specified period or had or had not been sold in stages in respect of smaller amounts. The timing 
and method of liquidation may materially affect the price obtained in respect of the Collateral being 
liquidated. Accordingly, the amounts due on early redemption may be lower than the Final Redemption 
Amount that would otherwise be due at maturity. 
If the Issuer is subject to a Bankruptcy Event of Default, to the extent that a competent bankruptcy official 
has been appointed in the context of the bankruptcy proceedings, such bankruptcy officer will replace the 
Disposal Agent and liquidate the Collateral in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions. 
The termination of the appointment of the Disposal Agent may result in delay in realising the Collateral and 
in making payment on the Instruments which may result in losses to Instrumentholders. 
If the Series Terms specify that one or more Collateral Events apply from the Trade Date, 
Instrumentholders assume the risk of a Collateral Event occurring at any time from and including the Trade 
Date to the Issue Date or thereafter. In this circumstance, it is possible that a Collateral Event that occurs 
before the Issue Date results in the Instruments being redeemed early (and such redemption may occur 
on or immediately after the Issue Date). No party, including the Issuer, Arranger, Dealer or Calculation 
Agent shall be required to monitor whether a Collateral Event has occurred prior to the Issue Date or to 
notify any investor or potential investor of such occurrence. 
For further details, please see the section entitled “Description of the Liquidation of Collateral, Enforcement 
of Security and Limited Recourse Provisions”. 
3.4 
Payments to Instrumentholders are subordinated to the claims of other Secured Creditors 
The rights of the Instrumentholders to be paid amounts due under the Instruments out of the Liquidation 
Proceeds or on enforcement of the Security will be subordinated to: 
• 
amounts owing to the Counterparty(ies) in respect of certain collateral (if any) posted to the Issuer 
pursuant to the relevant Counterparty Agreement(s);

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
13 
 
 
• 
other amounts owing to the Counterparty(ies) under the relevant Counterparty Agreement(s); 
• 
the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities of and all other amounts owing to the Trustee in 
connection with the Trust Deed, including costs incurred in the enforcement of such Security; and 
• 
amounts owing to the Custodian, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the other Agents (including 
the Calculation Agent and Disposal Agent in connection with the Instruments), 
and any other claims as specified in the Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Series of 
Instruments, which rank in priority to the Instruments. 
As a result, funds available to the Issuer in connection with the Instruments will be applied to satisfy such 
senior ranking payments before payments are made to Instrumentholders.   
If the funds available to the Issuer to satisfy claims of all Secured Creditors are insufficient to satisfy all 
such claims, the amount payable to Instrumentholders will be reduced and Instrumentholders will lose 
some or all of their investment. 
3.5 
The Issuer’s payment obligations under the Instruments will be suspended following a Potential 
Collateral Event or a Swap Counterparty Replacement Election 
If the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may, with the giving of notice and/or the lapse of 
time, constitute a Collateral Event (which includes certain events relating to the Underlying Collateral 
and/or the Collateral Obligor, as described in paragraph 3.2 above), no payment of principal or interest 
shall be made by the Issuer to the Instrumentholders during a suspension period (which may last up to 15 
Business Days). If a Collateral Event occurs before the suspension period is over, the early redemption 
provisions (as described in paragraph 3.3 above) will apply. If no Collateral Event has occurred at the end 
of the suspension period, the amounts of interest and principal that would otherwise have been payable 
by the Issuer during the suspension period will become payable, but Instrumentholders shall not be entitled 
to any further payment as a result of such payments being postponed. 
If a Swap Counterparty Replacement Election has been made following a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Event, then the Issuer may give notice to Instrumentholders that no payment of principal or 
interest shall be made by the Issuer to the Instrumentholders during the period from and including the date 
that a Swap Counterparty Replacement Election is made to but excluding the earlier of (i) the date on 
which the Replacement Swap Agreement becomes effective and (ii) the date on which a Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Failure Event occurs.  Five Business Days following such date, all amounts of 
principal and interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Instruments shall be 
payable by the Issuer but Instrumentholders and Couponholders shall not be entitled to any further 
payment as a result of the postponement. 
3.6 
Only the Trustee may enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property 
Neither Instrumentholders nor Couponholders are permitted to enforce the security over the Mortgaged 
Property. Only the Trustee may enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, and 
subject to, the terms of the Trust Deed. The Trustee will be required to enforce the security if requested by 
the holders of at least one-fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the Instruments, if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or if directed by the Designated Counterparty, in each case subject to the Trustee 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In such case, individual 
Instrumentholders are dependent on the Trustee and the requisite Instrumentholder majorities before 
security over the Mortgaged Property can be enforced. 
The interests of particular Instrumentholders (who request or direct the enforcement of the security) may 
not coincide with those of other Instrumentholders and the interests of the relevant Counterparty(ies) may 
be different from those of the Instrumentholders. Enforcement of the security on the request or direction of 
some of the Instrumentholders or on the direction of the Designated Counterparty may not be in the best 
interests of some or all of the Instrumentholders.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
14 
 
 
3.7 
Instrumentholders have no right to take action against the Company 
The Instrumentholders are not entitled to proceed directly against the Company in relation to any breach 
of the terms of the Trust Deed or the Instruments. The Instrumentholders are therefore dependent on the 
Trustee to proceed against the Issuer. Only in very limited circumstances can Instrumentholders take such 
action, namely where the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Deed, fails, or is unable, to do so within 60 days and such failure or inability is continuing. 
3.8 
Instrumentholders are responsible for Trustee indemnity and funding of Trustee enforcement 
action 
The Trustee may take certain actions in respect of a Series of Instruments, in particular if the security over 
the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Instruments becomes enforceable under the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Prior to taking such action, the Trustee may require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction. If the Trustee is not so indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded it may decide not 
to take such action. Such inaction will not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed. 
Consequently, the Instrumentholders would have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security 
and/or pre-funding, as applicable, in order for the Trustee to take such action. Instrumentholders should 
therefore be prepared to bear the costs associated with any such indemnity and/or security and/or pre-
funding or be prepared to accept the consequences of any such inaction by the Trustee. 
Any such inaction by the Trustee shall not entitle Instrumentholders to take action against the Issuer for 
any breach of the Trust Deed, the Instruments or the Coupons by the Issuer.  As a result, Instrumentholders 
may have to incur additional costs and expenses (which may be substantial) in order to realise some or all 
of their investment in the Instruments. 
3.9 
Trustee powers may not be enforceable under Luxembourg law 
Certain powers conferred on the Trustee or on any receiver appointed by the Trustee under the Law of 
Property Act 1925 or the Insolvency Act 1986 may not be enforceable under Luxembourg law. 
If a particular power conferred on the Trustee or a receiver is not enforceable under Luxembourg law, this 
may result in a delay in the realisation of the Collateral following an Enforcement Event and in making 
payments in respect of the Instruments. This may result in losses to the Instrumentholders. 
3.10 
Instruments subject to optional redemption 
Where so specified in the applicable Series Terms, the Instruments may be redeemed early at the option 
of the Issuer.  In such event the Issuer will have the option to redeem any outstanding Instruments early 
upon the giving of notice.  
This is likely to limit the market value of the Instruments and could lead to Instrumentholders receiving an 
amount at redemption which may be lower than their initial investment and earlier than had been 
anticipated in circumstances over which the Instrumentholders have no control and which may affect the 
value of their investment.   
Following an early redemption of the Instruments as a result of such optional redemption, an 
Instrumentholder may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in a way that generates a level of return as high 
as that on the Instruments and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate of return. Prospective 
investors in the Instruments should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other investments that are 
available to them. 
3.11 
Reinvestment risk relating to early redemption of the Instruments. 
Following an early redemption of the Instruments as a result of an Early Redemption Event or an Event of 
Default, an Instrumentholder may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in a way that generates a level of 
return as high as that on the Instruments and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate of

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
15 
 
 
return. Prospective investors in the Instruments should consider such reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments that are available to them. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Collateral 
4.1 
The value of Collateral is subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks 
The Collateral forms part of the security package in respect of the Instruments, and the Instrumentholders 
(together with certain other creditors of the Issuer) will have recourse to it if the Instruments are redeemed 
early. Accordingly, Instrumentholders will, upon an early redemption of the Instruments, be exposed to the 
value of the Collateral. 
The value of the Collateral relating to any Instruments will be subject to, amongst other risks, credit, liquidity 
and interest rate risks. If an obligor in respect of any Collateral becomes insolvent, various insolvency laws 
applicable to such obligor may reduce the amount the Issuer or the Trustee may recover in respect of such 
Collateral. As a result, reductions in the value of the Collateral may result in or increase losses to 
Instrumentholders.  
4.2 
Counterparty Agreements may provide for the amount of Collateral held by the Issuer to be reduced  
Pursuant to the terms of any Counterparty Agreement, the amount of Underlying Collateral held by the 
Issuer from time to time may be less than the amount held by it on the Issue Date, and potentially the 
Issuer may not hold any Collateral. This is because the Issuer may be required to transfer Underlying 
Collateral to the Counterparty(ies) under the relevant Counterparty Agreement(s), to collateralise any 
exposure of the relevant Counterparty to the Issuer and/or otherwise in accordance with the relevant 
Counterparty Agreement(s) in exchange for the relevant Counterparty(ies) making other payments or 
deliveries to the Issuer. 
The Counterparty Agreement may also provide for the relevant Counterparty to deliver assets to the Issuer 
which may be different to the Underlying Collateral, to collateralise any exposure of the Issuer under the 
relevant Counterparty Agreement or to otherwise comply with the terms of the agreement. The types of 
assets that may comprise Collateral held by the Issuer pursuant to any Counterparty Agreement may be 
less liquid and more volatile than the Underlying Collateral.  
Accordingly, the value of Collateral held by the Issuer at any time after the Issue Date may be considerably 
lower than the value of Collateral on the Issue Date. 
4.3 
The Instruments may be redeemed early if the Underlying Collateral is not delivered 
Investors should be aware that, where Settlement Failure Event is specified as applicable in the Series 
Terms,  if the Underlying Collateral is not delivered to the Issuer within 30 Business Days of the Issue Date 
of the Instruments, a Settlement Failure Event will occur, following which the Instruments may be 
redeemed in full on the Early Redemption Date at their Early Redemption Amount, which may be less than 
the issue price of the Instruments and may be zero. 
4.4 
If the Collateral is liquidated, the amount of the liquidation proceeds that will be received is 
uncertain 
If the Instruments are redeemed other than in accordance with their terms on the Maturity Date, the 
Collateral relating to such Instruments will be sold or otherwise liquidated.  No assurance can be given as 
to the amount of proceeds of any sale or liquidation of such Collateral at that time. The market value of 
such Collateral will be affected by a number of factors including those summarised in paragraph 5.2 below. 
The price at which such Collateral is sold or otherwise liquidated may be significantly less than the value 
of the Collateral on the Issue Date.  
4.5 
No claim against any Collateral Obligor 
The Instruments will not represent a claim against the Collateral Obligor and, in the event of any loss, an 
Instrumentholder will not have recourse under the Instruments to the Collateral Obligor.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
16 
 
 
4.6 
The price and value of the Collateral may be affected by the country of the Collateral Obligor 
The price and value of the Collateral, and/or the ability of each Collateral Obligor to perform its obligations 
under the Collateral, may be adversely affected by, amongst other things, the political, financial and 
economic stability of: 
• 
the country and/or region in which each issuer or obligor of the Collateral is incorporated or has 
its principal place of business; and 
• 
the country the currency of which each item of Collateral is denominated. 
In certain cases the price and value of assets originating from countries not ordinarily considered to be 
emerging markets countries may behave in a manner similar to those of assets originating from emerging 
markets countries. 
4.7 
Collateral may include subordinated obligations of the Collateral Obligor 
The Collateral may (but is not required to) comprise subordinated obligations of the Collateral Obligor. In 
such case, in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Collateral Obligor, in bankruptcy 
or otherwise, the payment of principal and interest on any such subordinated Collateral will be subordinated 
to the prior payment in full of all the Collateral Obligor's present and future unsubordinated creditors. As a 
result of the subordinated nature of such Collateral, the value attributed thereto by dealers in the market is 
likely to be substantially less than the value attributed to unsubordinated debt obligations of the Collateral 
Obligor. In particular, the value of such Collateral will be affected if the Collateral Obligor is or is likely to 
be dissolved, liquidated or wound up and could be zero.  
The value of the Collateral is an integral component of the Early Redemption Amount that will be payable 
on the Instruments were they to be redeemed early and will directly impact the return of the 
Instrumentholders upon early redemption. 
4.8 
Emerging markets Collateral gives rise to particular risks 
The assets comprising the Collateral or, as the case may be, to which the return on any Series of 
Instruments may be linked may originate from an emerging markets country.  Investing in securities issued 
by entities in emerging markets countries or in securities, the return on which is linked to such securities, 
involves certain systemic and other risks and special considerations which include: 
• 
the prices of emerging markets assets may be subject to sharp and sudden fluctuations and 
declines which may in turn affect the value of the relevant Instruments; 
• 
emerging markets securities and other assets tend to be relatively illiquid.  Trading volumes may 
be lower than in securities and assets of higher grade credits.  This may result in wide bid/offer 
spreads prevailing in adverse market conditions. This in turn may affect the price at which the 
relevant Instruments may be redeemed and the time required to liquidate the Collateral relating 
to such Instruments; 
• 
published information in or in respect of emerging markets countries and the issuers of or obligors 
in respect of emerging markets securities or other assets has been proven on occasions to be 
materially inaccurate. This may affect the relevant Instruments in a variety of ways; for example 
the value of the Instruments or the determination of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
relating to the Collateral; and 
• 
realisation of Collateral comprising emerging markets securities or other assets may be subject 
to restrictions or delays arising under local law, which may result in, amongst other things, a delay 
in redemption of the Instruments.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
17 
 
 
4.9 
Information in respect of Collateral 
Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may from time to time be in possession of certain information 
(confidential or otherwise) in respect of the Collateral or any Collateral Obligors and such information might, 
if known by an Instrumentholder, affect decisions made by it with respect to the Instruments. 
Notwithstanding this, neither Mediobanca nor other Transaction Parties necessarily have any duty or 
obligation to notify the Instrumentholders or the Issuer or any other Transaction Parties of such information. 
Where Mediobanca or any other Transaction Party is under an obligation to pass any relevant information 
to the Instrumentholders, this may not be done in a timely manner. This may affect the Instrumentholders’ 
ability to take fully informed decisions with respect to the Instruments and/or the Collateral. 
4.10 
Risks of the COVID-19 Pandemic in respect of the Collateral 
The recent and continuing COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact in respect of social behaviour, 
macroeconomic outlook and the response of governments worldwide. The COVID-19 pandemic has 
resulted in authorities worldwide implementing numerous measures to try to contain COVID-19, which led 
to severe disruptions in the global supply chain, capital markets and economies. Its impact on economic 
conditions continues to be uncertain and there are no comparable events in recent history that may provide 
guidance as to the effect of the spread of COVID-19 and the economic impacts of the pandemic. 
As a consequence, COVID-19 could exacerbate numerous risks in respect of the Collateral. The ultimate 
impact of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and may pervade over time and may 
adversely affect the price and value of the Collateral and the ability of the Collateral Obligor to perform its 
obligations under the Collateral and accordingly the abilities of the Issuer to perform its obligations under 
the Programme.  
5. 
Risks relating to the market and market value of Instruments 
5.1 
Instruments will have limited liquidity  
Instruments may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Instruments easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Instruments that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Instruments generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.  
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Instruments. 
Moreover, although pursuant to Master Condition 8(d) (Purchases), the Issuer can purchase Instruments, 
this is not an obligation for the Issuer. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the 
secondary market of the relevant Instruments and thus the price and the conditions under which investors 
can negotiate these Instruments on the secondary market. 
5.2 
The market value of Instruments will be affected by a number of factors 
The events outlined above may cause the market value of the Instruments to be affected by a number of 
inter-related factors, including, but not limited to: 
• 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer; 
• 
the value and volatility of the Collateral and the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of 
any Collateral, in relation to which please refer to paragraph 4 (Risks relating to the Collateral); 
• 
the value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities or other obligations to which 
payments on the Instruments may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the creditworthiness of the

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
18 
 
 
issuers or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which payments on the 
Instruments may be linked, directly or indirectly; 
• 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
• 
global economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally and 
the stock exchanges (if any) on which the Instruments are traded; 
• 
the impact of the current COVID-19 pandemic on global, regional and national economies, supply 
chains or otherwise a reduction in international trade and business activity, or on the Counterparty 
or its business, results of operations or strategic or financial plans or the prices of its securities; 
• 
the time remaining to the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
• 
the nature and liquidity of the Counterparty Agreement(s) and the creditworthiness of the 
Counterparty(ies) (in relation to which please refer to paragraph 7 (Risks relating to the 
Counterparty(ies) and the Counterparty Agreement(s)) or any other derivative or similar 
transaction entered into by the Issuer or embedded in the Instruments or the Collateral. 
Accordingly, the effect of the factors on the Instruments may be detrimental and could adversely affect the 
value of the assets and the Instruments. Therefore, the price at which an Instrumentholder may be able to 
sell the Instruments prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price 
or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
5.3 
The continuing effects of the 2007-2008 global financial crisis could be detrimental to the Issuer 
and the Instruments 
In connection with the 2007-2008 global financial crisis: 
• 
various governments and central banks have taken measures to increase liquidity and enacted 
fiscal stimulus packages and measures to support certain entities affected by the crisis. There 
can be no assurance that such measures will be successful or what the impact of such measures, 
the consequence of such sustained fiscal stimulus or the withdrawal of such measures or stimulus 
will have on global economic conditions; 
• 
following criticism from a number of global governmental bodies, it was evidenced that rating 
agencies did not downgrade entities sufficiently quickly. Although the Instruments are not 
expected to be rated, any ratings given to the any Underlying Collateral comprising securities or 
any Collateral Obligor might not reflect their deteriorating conditions and, consequently, reflect 
the potential losses that Instrumentholders may be subject to; 
• 
there has been a material increase in involvement of governmental and regulatory authorities in 
the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions. In particular, governmental and 
regulatory authorities (in particular in the United States of America and in the European Union) 
have imposed stricter laws and regulations or have indicated that they intend to impose such 
stricter laws and regulations in the future; and  
• 
it has been further evidenced that financial institutions and other participants in the financial 
markets are interrelated. Therefore, a default by a financial institution or other participant in the 
financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial institution or other participant in the 
financial markets to meet its obligations, could lead to further significant systemic liquidity 
problems that may have a material adverse impact on other entities. 
The impact of these conditions resulting from the 2007-2008 financial crisis and increased uncertainty and 
volatility in financial markets could be detrimental to the Issuer and could adversely affect the value and 
liquidity of its assets, the value of the Instruments and the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Instruments.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
19 
 
 
5.4 
Risks of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union 
On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom (the “UK”) voted to leave the European Union (the “EU”) and the 
UK Government invoked article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty relating to withdrawal on 29 March 2017. Under 
article 50, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 
cease to apply in the relevant state from the date of entry into force of a withdrawal agreement, or, failing 
that, two years after the notification of intention to withdraw. This date was extended and in October 2019 
the UK was granted a further extension until 31 January 2020 after it had agreed a revised Withdrawal 
Agreement with the EU in October 2019. Following a general election on 12 December 2019, a new UK 
government was elected with a significant Parliamentary majority and a Withdrawal Agreement Act was 
enacted on 23 January 2020, implementing the revised Withdrawal Agreement. The heads of the European 
Commission and European Council signed the revised Withdrawal Agreement on 24 January 2020 and 
the European Parliament ratified the revised Withdrawal Agreement on 29 January 2020. The UK left the 
EU on 31 January 2020 and entered into a transition period until the end of 2020. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “TCA”) was ratified at the end of 2020 and has 
provisionally applied since January 2021 when the transition period ended. It is not yet certain how the 
TCA will operate in practice and there remains a degree of continuing political, economic and legal 
uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between the UK and the EU. The precise 
impact on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be given that such 
matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer (and the other parties under the Programme) to 
satisfy its obligations under the Instruments and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Instruments 
in the secondary market. 
Previously, under the EU single market directives, mutual access rights to markets and market 
infrastructure exist across the EU and the mutual recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution 
regimes applies. The TCA does not cater for financial services and is unclear what any future agreement 
with respect to financial services will include. Such uncertainty could adversely impact the Issuer and, in 
particular, the ability of third parties to provide services to the Issuer, and could affect the value of the 
Instruments. 
5.5 
Market participants determine prices in respect of the Instruments in different ways and there may 
be material variation between prices determined 
Market participants may determine prices in respect of the Instruments in different ways, and the variation 
between such prices may be material. 
Prices in respect of an Instrument provided or quoted by a Dealer may not therefore be representative of 
prices that may be provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price provided or quoted by 
a Dealer in respect of an Instrument should not be relied upon by prospective purchasers as a mark-to-
market value of the Instruments. 
The price (if any) provided or quoted by a Dealer is at the absolute discretion of that Dealer and may be 
determined by reference to such factors as it sees fit. Any such price may take into account fees, 
commissions or arrangements entered into by that Dealer with a third party in respect of the Instruments 
and that Dealer shall have no obligation to any Instrumentholder to disclose such arrangements. Any price 
given would be prepared as of a particular date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent 
changes in market values or any other factors relevant to the determination of the price. Accordingly, the 
price quoted for an Instrument is likely to vary between Dealers and should not be relied upon by an 
Instrumentholder as being the market value of the Instrument. 
5.6 
Adverse impact of an increase of market interest rate of in the Instruments paying a fixed 
rate of interest 
In respect of any Instruments for which the coupon is fixed, subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may impact the market value of the Instruments. If, following the date of issue of the relevant Instruments, 
there is a decrease in market interest rates, this is expected, generally, to have a positive impact on the

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
20 
 
 
value of the Instruments, as the rate of interest payable on the Instruments will remain unchanged 
notwithstanding the decrease in market interest rates. However, an increase in market interest rates is 
expected, generally, to have an adverse impact on the value of the Instruments. 
5.7 
Adverse impact of changes in the level of the relevant benchmark referenced in an 
Instrument 
In respect of any Instruments for which the coupon payable by the Issuer is determined in whole or in part 
by reference to a benchmark: 
• 
the interest rate payable pursuant to the Instruments will vary in accordance with the level of the 
benchmark 
• 
during the term of the Instruments, the benchmark may be lower than it was as at the Issue Date; 
and 
• 
the benchmark may be negative, which means that the interest rate payable may be less than 
the margin stated to be payable pursuant to the Instruments and could be zero. 
In such circumstances where the expected return on an Instrument is likely to be reduced, the price at 
which an Instrumentholder may be able to sell the Instruments prior to maturity is likely to be adversely 
affected. 
5.8 
There is no assurance that the Instruments will be listed 
Where an application is made for the Instruments issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted 
to trading on an exchange or market, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Instruments will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to maintain a listing of the Instruments and may at any time discontinue 
any listing of the Instruments.  The Issuer may (but is under no obligation to do so) arrange for the 
Instruments to be listed on another stock exchange or exchanges (which may be other than a regulated 
market). Prospective Instrumentholders should therefore consider, before purchasing the Instruments, any 
adverse consequences of holding unlisted Instruments in such circumstances (including without limitation, 
any adverse tax or regulatory consequences). 
5.9 
Risk-adjusted returns and absolute returns on the Instruments may be lower than that of 
comparable investments 
Risk-adjusted returns and absolute returns on the Instruments may be lower than that of comparable 
investments.  Each prospective investor should be aware that any return on the Instruments may not 
exceed or even equal the return that might have been achieved had the amount of its initial investment 
been placed on deposit for the same period. 
6. 
Risks relating to taxation 
6.1 
Payments to Instrumentholders will not be grossed-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments in respect of the 
Instruments, the Instrumentholders will not be entitled to receive amounts which are grossed up in order 
to compensate for such withholding tax nor be entitled to be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall 
resulting from such withholding or deduction. 
In certain circumstances, the imposition of such taxes or deductions for tax may result in the Instruments 
being redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
21 
 
 
6.2 
100 per cent. of Instrumentholders may elect to receive payments net of withholding to avoid early 
redemption 
Where the Issuer would be required to make payments in respect of the Instruments to the 
Instrumentholders net of any withholding or other deductions for tax, an Instrument Tax Event may occur. 
However, 100 per cent. of Instrumentholders may elect to receive all payments due on the Instruments net 
of any such withholding or deductions and in such circumstances the relevant Instruments shall not be 
redeemed as a result of such Instrument Tax Event and the Issuer shall deduct such tax as applicable 
from the amounts payable to Instrumentholders. 
Instrumentholders should note that any such election will bind all future holders of the Instruments and is 
not reversible.  
Potential purchasers of Instruments in the secondary market should therefore conduct their own 
investigations as to whether or not such an election has been made by previous Instrumentholders. 
7. 
Risks relating to the Counterparty(ies) and the Counterparty Agreement(s) 
7.1 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Instruments may depend on the receipt by it 
of payments and deliveries under the Counterparty Agreement(s) 
If the Issuer has entered into one or more Counterparty Agreements in connection with the Instruments, 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Instruments will depend on the receipt by it of 
payments and deliveries under each such Counterparty Agreement.  
Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to the ability of each Counterparty to perform its obligations under its 
respective Counterparty Agreement, in addition to the exposure of the Issuer to the Collateral. Default by, 
or certain other events affecting, any Counterparty may result in termination of the Counterparty 
Agreement(s) and, in such circumstances, any amount payable or deliverable to the Issuer upon such 
termination may not be so paid or delivered in full. 
If, on termination of a Counterparty Agreement, an amount is due to the Issuer from the relevant 
Counterparty (after taking into account any collateral posted between the parties pursuant to the terms of 
the relevant Counterparty Agreement), then the Issuer will have an unsecured claim against the relevant 
Counterparty for such amount and, in any insolvency of the Counterparty, the Issuer’s claim will rank after 
those claims of the Counterparty’s secured and other preferred creditors. 
7.2 
Payments on termination of the Counterparty Agreement(s) may be significantly less than the 
Instrumentholders’ original investments in the Instruments and may be zero 
The Issuer or the relevant Counterparty may terminate all outstanding transactions under a Counterparty 
Agreement in certain circumstances specified therein. Any termination of a transaction under a 
Counterparty Agreement will result in a redemption in full of the relevant Series of Instruments at their 
Early Redemption Amount (save in certain circumstances where transactions under the Swap Agreement 
are terminated and a Swap Counterparty replacement has occurred).  
Following the redemption of such Instruments, the amount paid or delivered to an Instrumentholder may 
be significantly less than such Instrumentholder’s original investment in such Instruments and may be zero. 
Please see paragraph 3.3 above for further details. 
7.3 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Counterparty Agreement(s) is 
dependent on the timely payment and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
Counterparty Agreement(s) 
The receipt by the Issuer of payments and/or deliveries under the Counterparty Agreement(s) is dependent 
on the timely payment and/or delivery by the Issuer of its obligations under the Counterparty Agreement(s). 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment and/or delivery of its obligations under the Counterparty 
Agreement(s) when due depends on receipt by it of the scheduled payments under and/or deliveries of the

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
22 
 
 
Underlying Collateral. The Issuer is therefore also exposed to the ability of the obligors of the Underlying 
Collateral to perform their payment and/or delivery obligations in a timely manner. 
7.4 
Delivery of collateral may be required from time to time by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under a Credit Support Annex 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document, the 
Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex with the Swap Counterparty in respect of a Series of 
Instruments. Please see the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Swap Agreement" 
for a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex. 
In the event that a Credit Support Annex has been entered into by the Issuer, any collateral transferred 
from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under such Credit Support Annex ("Issuer Posted Collateral") 
will be delivered on a title transfer basis and will be taken from the Collateral, and will therefore reduce the 
overall pool of Collateral securing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Series of Instruments. The 
rights, including any proprietary rights, that the Issuer has in the Collateral transferred to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Credit Support Annex will be replaced by an unsecured contractual claim for 
redelivery of equivalent Collateral, subject to the terms of the Credit Support Annex. The Swap 
Counterparty is not under any restrictions on what it does with the securities transferred to it under the 
Credit Support Annex and may sell or otherwise dispose of them. If the Swap Counterparty becomes 
insolvent or otherwise defaults under the Credit Support Annex, the Issuer’s claim for redelivery of 
equivalent Collateral will not be secured.  
Similarly, the Swap Counterparty will lose the rights, including any proprietary rights, in any collateral it 
transfers to the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex (the “Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA)”). 
The Issuer will usually grant security over such collateral in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties. 
Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA) and Issuer Posted Collateral may be subject to volatility in their 
prices and subject to credit and liquidity risks. The Issuer is exposed to movements in the value of the 
Swap Agreement, the Issuer Posted Collateral or the Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA) (as the case 
may be), and to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and any obligor of Counterparty Posted 
Collateral (CSA). 
7.5 
There is no assurance that the replacement of the Swap Counterparty pursuant to the Swap 
Counterparty replacement provisions of the Terms and Conditions will be effective  
The Terms and Conditions of a Series of Instruments may provide for the replacement of the Swap 
Counterparty in limited circumstances. There is no assurance that the Swap Counterparty will be replaced 
by any other entity. If no replacement is effected, the Instruments will be redeemed. This could occur in 
the following circumstances: 
• 
100% of the Instrumentholders do not exercise the option to elect for the Swap Counterparty 
replacement provisions to apply; 
• 
the Instrumentholders fail to pay the costs associated with an auction held to select a 
Replacement Swap Counterparty, or the auction fails; 
• 
the Instrumentholder Representative does not comply with the requirements of any last look right; 
• 
the "know-your-customer" checks in relation to a proposed Replacement Swap Counterparty (or 
in relation to the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent) fail; 
• 
the requisite number of Instrumentholders have not designated a valid replacement Disposal 
Agent (if required); and 
• 
the Instrumentholders fail to pay any required Issuer Shortfall Amount.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
23 
 
 
7.6 
Risks relating to bank recovery and resolution regimes 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EEC, as amended, "EU BRRD") and such 
part of the EU BRRD as it forms part of retained EU law in the UK pursuant to the European (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended “EUWA”) and UK implementing measures thereunder (as amended “UK BRRD”, 
and together with EU BRRD referred to herein as “BRRD”) includes measures that include giving resolution 
authorities power to restrict claims made against a party in resolution. Following an exercise of any powers 
by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations under the 
Instruments or any Transaction Document for that Series, the Instruments may be the subject of an early 
redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to Instrumentholders may be delayed. For example, 
if any Swap Agreement is in-the-money for the Issuer at a time when a resolution regime applies to the 
Swap Counterparty, then any claims the Issuer has against the Swap Counterparty for the close-out 
amount thereof may be adversely affected by being postponed, converted into other assets or even written 
down to zero. In addition, the exercise by resolution authorities of their powers could prevent the Issuer 
from exercising termination rights in relation to agreements to which it is party (e.g. a Swap Agreement) or 
could enforce a termination of such agreements. 
Accordingly, following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient 
assets or sums to meet its obligations under the Instruments or any Transaction Document for that Series, 
the Instruments may be the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to 
Instrumentholders may be delayed. In addition to a resolution regime affecting any Counterparty, 
Instrumentholders should be aware that the BRRD may also apply to the obligor of any Collateral in respect 
of a Series of Instruments and that in such case similar considerations to those set out above may apply.   
Furthermore, other resolution and recovery regimes, including those in specific EU member states, the 
United States, the United Kingdom and elsewhere, may also apply. As a consequence of any of the 
resolutions or actions referred to above, the Instrumentholders may lose all or some of their investment in 
the Instruments. 
7.7 
Risks relating to qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Board of Governors”) 
adopted a final rule (the “Final Rule”) imposing restrictions on the ability of a party to call a default under, 
or to restrict transfers of, certain qualified financial contracts (“QFCs”) entered into by any top-tier bank 
holding company identified by the Board of Governors as a global systemically important banking 
organisation (each a “GSIB”), the subsidiaries of any U.S. GSIB (with certain exceptions) or the U.S. 
operations of any foreign GSIB (with certain exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain exceptions, 
“Covered Entities”). In the context of each Series of Instruments, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Dealer, the Custodian, the Agents and the Seller may be Covered 
Entities to which the Final Rule applies and each of the Swap Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the 
Securities Lending Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Custody 
Agreement is likely to constitute a QFC. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the “U.S. Special Resolution Regimes”) 
provide for such restrictions on default rights and transfers, if the relevant contract is not governed by the 
laws of the United States or a state of the United States, a court outside the United States may decline to 
enforce such provisions even if a Covered Entity is in a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime. To address this, the Final Rule requires a Covered Entity to ensure that each QFC it enters into 
(a “Covered QFC”) includes provisions that (i) restrict default rights against such Covered Entity to the 
same extent as provided under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) restrict the exercise of any 
cross-default rights against such Covered Entity based on any affiliate’s entry into bankruptcy or similar 
proceedings. In respect of each Series, each Transaction Document which constitutes a Covered QFC will 
include provisions which reflect these requirements. 
As a result, the Issuer (or in certain circumstances the Trustee on behalf of the Instrumentholders) may 
face a delay in being able to enforce its rights against such a Transaction Party or be restricted from

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
24 
 
 
terminating such a Transaction Document, which in turn may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Instruments. 
7.8 
The Counterparty is subject to global economic, market and business risks with respect to the 
COVID-19 pandemic 
The current COVID-19 pandemic is expected to have a negative impact on global, regional and national 
economies and to disrupt supply chains and otherwise reduce international trade and business activity.  
Reflecting this, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused the levels of equity and other financial markets to 
decline sharply and to become volatile, and such effects may continue or worsen in the future. This may 
in turn reduce the level of activity in which certain of the Counterparty’s businesses operate and thus have 
a negative impact on such businesses’ ability to generate revenue or profits. Furthermore, the measures 
implemented by the competent authorities, including the Italian government, on the one side, helped in 
facing the health emergency, while on the other hand had significant negative consequences in human, 
social and economic terms. Such measures led to a reduction in revenues of the majority of corporate 
institutions, an increase of costs related to the actions necessary to contain and prevent the spread of 
COVID-19, and in turn, on the ability to pay existing debt and on current employment levels. This could 
amplify the current negative demand and supply chain effects as well as the negative impact on global 
growth and global financial markets. Travel restrictions and potential impacts on personnel may also 
disrupt the Counterparty’s business. Additionally, despite the actions taken so far by the Italian 
government, the regulatory bodies of the European Union and the relevant member states to mitigate the 
negative impacts of the anti-COVID-19 measures and support the economic recovery, significant 
uncertainties still remain about the evolution, severity and duration of the pandemic. 
The current COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on the global economy may affect the 
Counterparty’s ability to meet financial targets. The Counterparty may be materially adversely affected by 
a protracted downturn in local, regional or global economic conditions. In that situation, action may need 
to be taken to ensure the Counterparty meets its minimum capital objectives. These actions or measures 
may result in adverse effects on the Counterparty’s business, results of operations or strategic plans and 
targets, and consequentially the prices of a Series of Instruments. Should the COVID-19 pandemic and 
the consequent economic crisis persist in the forthcoming months, further negative effects may arise on 
the Counterparty’s business situation. Due to the fact that such crisis increases the materiality of most of 
the risks to which the Counterparty is exposed to, the Counterparty’s results and financial condition might 
also be materially adversely affected, the consequences of which may impact the Counterparty’s ability to 
perform its obligations in connection with any Series of Instruments. 
8. 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
8.1 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Instruments may depend upon the receipt by 
it of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement  
Collateral in the form of cash or transferable securities will be held in one or more accounts in the name of 
the Issuer with the Custodian, and the Custodian may hold Collateral in accounts with a sub-custodian, a 
securities depository or a clearing system, as described in paragraphs 8.4 and 8.5 below. 
Notwithstanding the security expressed to be created over the Collateral in the Trust Deed, the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Instruments will be dependent upon receipt by the 
Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement. Consequently, Instrumentholders 
are additionally exposed to the creditworthiness of the Custodian in respect of the performance of its 
obligations under the Custody Agreement.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
25 
 
 
8.2 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian for 
the account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian as banker and not as 
trustee 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by the Issuer and any cash received by the Custodian for the 
account of the Issuer in relation to a Series will be held by the Custodian as banker and not as trustee. 
Accordingly, except in very limited circumstances, such cash will not be held as client money and will 
represent only an unsecured claim against the Custodian’s assets. If the Custodian fails, the Client Money 
Distribution Rules set out in Chapter 7A of the Client Assets Sourcebook of the FCA rules will not apply to 
such cash and the Issuer will not be entitled to share in any distribution under the Client Money Distribution 
Rules. 
8.3 
The Custodian may hold the Collateral in the Custodian’s account or accounts with a sub-
custodian, a securities depository or a clearing system  
Under the Custody Agreement, the Custodian may hold the Collateral in the Custodian’s account or 
accounts with any sub-custodian, any securities depository or at such other account keeper or clearing 
system as may be appropriate for the type of instruments which comprise the Collateral. Sub-custodians 
may utilise and hold securities accounts with other sub-custodians and in securities depositories in which 
such sub-custodians participate or are a member. Accordingly, Instrumentholders may be exposed to the 
risks associated with any such sub-custodian, depositary or clearing system. 
8.4 
Where the Collateral is held with a securities depository or clearing system (whether via the 
Custodian, a sub-custodian or otherwise), the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with 
respect to the Instruments will be dependent upon receipt of payments from such securities 
depository or clearing system 
Where the Collateral is held with a securities depository or clearing system (whether via the Custodian, a 
sub-custodian or otherwise), the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Instruments 
will be dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from such securities depository or clearing 
system.  
Consequently, the Instrumentholders are exposed to any securities depository or clearing system holding 
the Collateral deposited by the Custodian or any sub-custodian.  
8.5 
The Custodian’s failure to pay clearing system costs may result in the Issuer failing to receive any 
payments due to it in respect of the Collateral 
Security depositories or clearing systems may have rights of set-off and/or liens with respect to the 
Collateral held by them in relation to their fees and/or expenses.  
If the Custodian fails to pay such fees and/or expenses, the relevant security depository or clearing system 
may exercise such lien or right of set-off. This may result in the Issuer failing to receive any payments due 
to it in respect of the Collateral, and thereby adversely affecting the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations with respect to the Instruments and result in loss to Instrumentholders.  
Therefore, the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the Instruments will not only be 
dependent upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for 
the Instruments but will also be dependent on any security depository or clearing system not exercising 
any lien or right of set-off in respect of any Collateral that it holds. 
8.6 
The security interest in respect of the Collateral and Custodian might take the form only of a 
security interest over the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian in respect of such Collateral rather 
than a charge over or an encumbrance on the Collateral itself 
Where any Collateral is held by the Custodian in book entry form, the security interests granted in respect 
of such Collateral might take the form only of a security interest over the Issuer’s rights against the

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
26 
 
 
Custodian in respect of such Collateral rather than a charge over the Collateral. Instrumentholders are 
therefore exposed to risks in respect of the Custodian. 
It is unlikely that the Trustee will have a sufficient level of possession and control over the Collateral for 
the security created by the Trust Deed to be considered to be a “Financial Collateral Arrangement” as 
defined in the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003, as amended, and therefore the 
rights and protections given to the charge by such regulations will likely not apply. 
8.7 
The Issuer, as the Custodian's custody client, will be classified as a “professional client” for the 
purposes of the application of the FCA and PRA rules 
The Issuer, as the Custodian's custody client, will be classified as a “professional client” for the purposes 
of the application of the FCA rules and the Prudential Regulation Authority rules. This means that the 
Issuer will not benefit from the additional rights protecting custody assets that apply to retail clients. 
9. 
Risks relating to the Agents 
9.1 
Instrumentholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Paying Agents 
Any payments and/or deliveries made to Instrumentholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
will be made by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement, the Issuer is required to transfer to the Issuing and Paying Agent such amount 
as may be due under the Instruments, on or before each date on which such payment and/or deliveries in 
respect of the Instruments becomes due. 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents, while holding funds for payment to 
Instrumentholders in respect of the Instruments, is declared insolvent, the Instrumentholders may not 
receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to them in respect of the Instruments from the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and/or the Paying Agents. The Issuer will still be liable to Instrumentholders in respect of 
such unpaid amounts but will have insufficient assets to make such payments and Instrumentholders may 
not receive any amounts due to them. 
Consequently, Instrumentholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the Paying Agents in respect of the performance of their obligations under the Agency Agreement to make 
payments to Instrumentholders. 
9.2 
The Calculation Agent has no obligations to Instrumentholders 
The terms of the Instruments confer on the Calculation Agent certain discretions in making determinations 
and calculations in relation to, amongst other things, the occurrence of various events.  All designations 
and calculations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of any Instruments are conclusive and binding 
on the Instrumentholders. The Calculation Agent has no obligations to the Instrumentholders, and only has 
the obligations expressed to be binding on it pursuant to the Calculation Agency Agreement, unless 
otherwise specified in the Series Terms. The Calculation Agent may be the same entity as the 
Counterparty(ies). 
Where the Calculation Agent (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that, as a result of 
market disruption, force majeure, systems failure or any other event of an analogous nature, it is unable 
to make a calculation or determination in the manner required by any Transaction Document, then the 
Calculation Agent shall not be liable for failure to make such calculation or determination in the required 
manner. 
There can be no assurance that the exercise or non-exercise of any such discretion will not negatively 
affect the value of the Instruments or the occurrence of an early redemption of the Instruments or the 
amount payable or deliverable in connection therewith.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
27 
 
 
9.3 
The Issuer may not be able to make payments or deliveries without receiving Calculation Agent’s 
determinations 
The Calculation Agent has a vital role in performing calculations and determinations in relation to the 
Instruments. If the Calculation Agent ceases to perform such a role or does not make such calculations 
and determinations, then the Issuer might cease making payments or performing other obligations until 
the Calculation Agent resumes its performance or a replacement calculation agent is appointed.  
The Issuer will endeavour to appoint a replacement calculation agent in accordance with the process set 
out in the Transaction Party Replacement Annex and other Transaction Documents. However, investors 
should note that in certain circumstances it may not be possible to appoint a replacement calculation agent 
and the failure to do so will constitute either an Agent Replacement Failure Event or a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure Event. An Agent Replacement Failure Event or a Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Failure Event shall, if so specified in the Series Terms, constitute an Early Redemption Event pursuant to 
Master Condition 9(a) (Early Redemption Events and Determining Party). 
9.4 
The Instruments will be redeemed where the Agent (including the Custodian) replacement 
mechanism is unsuccessful  
The Terms and Conditions of a Series of Instruments may provide for the replacement of the Agents (which 
includes the Custodian) in limited circumstances. There is no assurance that the relevant Agents will be 
replaced by another entity. If the trigger for the replacement mechanism is a Bankruptcy Event in respect 
of the Agent and no replacement is effected the Instruments will be redeemed. This could occur in the 
following circumstances: 
• 
the requisite percentage of Instrumentholders do not exercise the option to trigger the 
replacement process; 
• 
the Series Terms do not specify a replacement for the affected Agent and the requisite percentage 
of Instrumentholders do not specify a replacement; 
• 
the relevant Counterparty(ies) rejects the appointment of a proposed replacement Agent more 
than once (or the relevant Counterparty(ies) rejects the appointment of a proposed replacement 
Agent once and the requisite percentage of Instrumentholders do not specify an alternative 
replacement); and 
• 
the “know-your-customer” checks in respect of the proposed replacement Agent fail. 
10. 
Risks relating to regulatory change 
10.1 
Amendment of terms of Instruments or redemption of Instruments following a Regulatory Event 
and/or a Specified Regulatory Event 
A Regulatory Event occurs if certain changes in law or regulation, or interpretation thereof, will result in 
there being a reasonable likelihood of it becoming unlawful, unduly onerous, impossible or impracticable 
for the Issuer to maintain the Instruments and/or the Company to maintain the Programme, or the Company 
(acting in respect of one or more Compartments) generally to maintain any other Instruments issued under 
the Programme, or for a party to perform its duties relating to the Instruments. Any other related events, 
referred to as Specific Regulatory Event, may be further specified in the relevant Series Terms. 
As described above, the definition of Regulatory Event does not include an exhaustive list of the types of 
risks that may be captured; such risks may be significant in a period of extensive regulatory change. 
Accordingly, it will fall within the Calculation Agent’s discretion to determine whether a particular set of 
circumstances qualifies as a Regulatory Event. For a non-exhaustive list of risks that may constitute a 
Regulatory Event, please see paragraphs 10.2 to 10.7 below.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Event or a Specified Regulatory Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall make reasonable efforts to determine what amendments can be made to the

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
28 
 
 
terms of the Instrument that would result in such Regulatory Event or Specified Regulatory Event ceasing 
to apply. Such amendments will then be implemented provided that they would not: 
• 
be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Counterparty(ies) or the Instrumentholders 
• 
result in increased costs for the Counterparty(ies), and 
• 
in the opinion of the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable, and acting reasonably impose unduly 
onerous, additional obligations on the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable) (and subject to the 
Trustee and the Agents being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded and having received 
a certificate from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent stating that the proposed amendments 
comply with the necessary requirements). 
If, following the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a Specified Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent 
is unable to determine amendments to the terms of the Instruments that would fulfil the conditions above, 
there shall be a Regulatory Redemption Event which will (or may, at the discretion of the Determining 
Party, if Determining Party Option is specified as applicable) result in the early redemption of the 
Instruments prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date. The Early Redemption Amount payable to 
Instrumentholders following a Regulatory Event or Specified Regulatory Event would be calculated in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions and may be less than the amount invested. 
 
10.2 
The application of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive to special purpose entities 
such as the Issuer is uncertain 
The EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") became effective on 
22 July 2013. The AIFMD has been implemented into Luxembourg law by the law of 12 July 2013 on 
alternative investment fund managers (the “Luxembourg AIFM Law”). The application of the AIFMD to 
special purpose entities such as the Issuer is unclear. The Issuer does not operate in the same manner as 
a typical alternative investment fund. However, the definition of “alternative investment funds” (each an 
“AIF”) and AIFM in the AIFMD is broad and there is only limited guidance as to how such definition should 
be applied in the context of a special purpose entity such as the Issuer. The Luxembourg AIFM Law 
provides that “securitisation special purpose entities” are in principle excluded from the scope of the 
Luxembourg AIFM Law. However, the definitions of a “securitisation special purpose entities” under the 
Luxembourg AIFM Law and “securitisation undertaking” under the Securitisation Law differ. According to 
the latest Questions & Answers published by the CSSF at the date of this Base Prospectus, Luxembourg 
securitisation undertakings that only issue debt instruments do not qualify as AIFs. Nevertheless, there is 
no certainty that in the future the CSSF would not take a contrary view. 
Were the Issuer to be found to be an AIF or an AIFM, or were the Arranger acting in any capacity in respect 
of the Instruments and/or the Trustee to be found to be acting as an AIFM with respect to the AIF, the 
AIFM would be subject to the AIFMD. Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely 
that either the Issuer or Arranger could comply fully with the requirements of the AIFMD. 
In such circumstance, the Calculation Agent would be likely (at its discretion) to determine that a 
Regulatory Event had occurred. See paragraph 10.1 above. 
10.3 
Risk of the application of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act to the Swap Agreement 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") 
establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of derivatives contracts (referred to 
in this Base Prospectus as "covered swaps"). 
The Issuer has imposed certain restrictions on sales in order to fall outside of the scope of the Dodd-Frank 
Act. However, there is no assurance that the Swap Agreement would not be treated as a covered swap 
under the Dodd-Frank Act nor is there assurance that the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty would not be 
required to comply with additional regulation under the CEA including by the Dodd-Frank Act.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
29 
 
 
Were the Swap Agreement to be treated as a covered swap, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty might 
be subject to increased regulatory requirements. Such additional regulations and such registrations might 
result in increased reporting obligations and expenses. In addition, it might become illegal for the Swap 
Counterparty to perform its obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
In such circumstance, the Calculation Agent would be likely (at its discretion) to determine that a 
Regulatory Event had occurred. See paragraph 10.1 above. 
10.4 
Risk of the application of the Volcker Rule 
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, known as the "Volcker Rule", and its final implementing regulations 
restrict the ability of a banking entity to engage in proprietary trading or to acquire or retain an ownership 
interest in, sponsor, or engage in certain transactions with certain private funds (referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as "covered funds").  
Under the Volcker Rule, even if an exception allows a banking entity to sponsor or invest in a covered 
fund, the banking entity may be prohibited from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that 
covered fund. Covered transactions include (among other things) entering into a swap transaction if the 
swap would result in a credit exposure to the covered fund. 
If the Issuer is considered a covered fund and if any affiliate of the Swap Counterparty is deemed to be a 
“sponsor” of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty could be prohibited from entering into the Swap Agreement 
with the Issuer, which could have material adverse effects on the Instruments. In such circumstance, the 
Calculation Agent would be likely to determine that a Regulatory Event had occurred. See paragraph 10.1 
above.  
Alternatively, the Issuer might incur additional costs in seeking a new swap counterparty in order to 
maintain the payment characteristics of the Instruments, although there is no guarantee that it would be 
able to find such counterparty. Such costs could materially and adversely affect the value of and any return 
on the Instruments. If the Issuer is considered a covered fund, the liquidity of the market for the Instruments 
may be materially and adversely affected, since banking entities could be prohibited from, or face 
restrictions in, investing in the Instruments. This could make it difficult or impossible for Instrumentholders 
to sell the Instruments or it could materially and adversely affect their market value. 
10.5 
Risks relating to the application of the United States commodity pool regulation to the Issuer 
The CFTC has rescinded the rule which formerly provided an exemption from registration as a "commodity 
pool operator" (a "CPO") and a "commodity trading advisor" ("CTA") under the CEA, in respect of certain 
transactions. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act expanded the definition of a "commodity pool" to include any 
form of enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. The Issuer 
has imposed certain restrictions on sales in order to fall outside of the scope of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
However, if the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", then both the CPO and the CTA of the 
Issuer would be required to register as such with the CFTC and the National Futures Association by the 
initial offering date of the Instruments. While there remain certain limited exemptions from registration, it is 
unclear whether and to what extent any of these exemptions would be available to avoid registration with 
respect to the Issuer. In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", it would have to 
comply with a number of reporting requirements that are designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It 
is presently unclear how a special purpose entity such as the Issuer could comply with certain of these 
reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. Such registration and other requirements would involve 
material ongoing costs to the Issuer. In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool" this 
might have adverse consequences for the Swap Counterparty and/or Arranger, or for the Trustee. 
In such circumstance, the Calculation Agent would be likely to determine that a Regulatory Event had 
occurred. See paragraph 10.1 above.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
30 
 
 
10.6 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation and Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and Council on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012 (as amended, “EU EMIR”) and EU EMIR as it 
forms part of retained EU law as defined in the EUWA, as amended (“UK EMIR” , and together with EU 
EMIR, referred to here as “EMIR”) establishes certain requirements for OTC derivatives contracts including 
mandatory clearing obligations, bilateral risk-management requirements and reporting requirements. 
EMIR imposes different obligations on entities classified as “financial counterparties” (“FC”s) (including 
entities referred to as “small financial counterparties” or “SFC”s), “non-financial counterparties exceeding 
a clearing threshold” (“NFC+”s) and “non-financial counterparties below a clearing threshold” (“NFC-”s). 
The Issuer’s unregulated status and the volume of non-hedging derivatives transactions that it (together 
with any other non-financial entities in its consolidated group) has entered into, means that the Issuer is 
likely to be classified as an NFC- pursuant to EU EMIR. Accordingly, EMIR imposes only a limited amount 
of obligations on the Issuer when it enters into any derivatives transactions, including obligations to confirm 
transactions in a timely manner and, in limited circumstances, to report these derivative contracts to 
registered or recognised trade repositories. Where the Issuer enters into a derivative contract with a 
financial counterparty established in the European Economic Area, the financial counterparty will be solely 
responsible for reporting on behalf of the Issuer although practically the Issuer will need to provide certain 
information to its counterparty to report. Where the counterparty is a third country entity but would be a 
financial counterparty if it were established in the European Economic Area and its home jurisdiction meets 
certain conditions then no report is required. 
If the Issuer were to be classified as an entity other than an NFC-, EMIR may require the Issuer to modify 
the economic terms of any derivative transaction into which it enters; there is a risk that this may materially 
increase the costs associated with such derivative transaction or replacement derivative transaction. This 
is a particular risk should any derivative transaction into which the Issuer enters become subject to (i) a 
requirement to exchange segregated collateral with the Swap Counterparty to such transaction, which 
forms a part of the risk-management requirements, or (ii) to mandatory clearing. In such circumstances, 
the Issuer might not be practically able to comply with such requirement and/or the Issuer and/or Swap 
Counterparty would be subject to additional financial and operational burdens.  
If the Issuer were to be classified as an entity other than an NFC-, the additional requirements of EMIR 
may in certain circumstances result in the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and lead to early redemption 
of the Instruments. See paragraph 10.1 above. 
10.7 
SFTR risks relating to Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements and trade reporting 
In respect of each Series of Instruments, the Issuer may enter into one or more “title transfer collateral 
arrangements” (as defined in Article 2(1) of Directive 2002/47/EC) under EU SFTR (as defined below) and 
regulation 3 of the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No 2) Regulations 2003 under UK SFTR (as defined 
below) (each such arrangement a “Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement”) with a Counterparty (as the 
“Relevant Counterparty”), as specified in the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Series of Instruments. 
If applicable in relation to any Series of Instruments, the Credit Support Annex, the Repo Agreement and/or 
the Securities Lending Agreement will all constitute Title Transfer Collateral Arrangements. 
Under Article 15 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and amending regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended from time to time) (“EU SFTR”) and EU SFTR as it forms part of retained 
EU law as defined in the EUWA as amended (“UK SFTR”  and together with EU SFTR referred to here as 
“SFTR”), the transferee of securities under any Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement (the “Transferee”) is 
required to inform the transferor of such securities (“Transferor”) of the general risks and consequences 
that may be involved in entering into a Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement. Such risks are detailed below 
and are also relevant for Instrumentholders even though they will not be directly party to any Title Transfer 
Collateral Arrangement, particularly in circumstances where the Issuer is a transferor of securities under a 
Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
31 
 
 
In this paragraph 10.7, securities transferred under a Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement are referred to 
as “Relevant Collateral”. 
The rights, including any proprietary rights, that a Transferor has in Relevant Collateral transferred to a 
Transferee will be replaced (subject to any security granted by the Transferee) by an unsecured contractual 
claim for delivery of securities equivalent to the securities, subject to the terms of the Title Transfer 
Collateral Arrangement. If the Transferee becomes insolvent or defaults under the Title Transfer Collateral 
Arrangement, the Transferor’s claim for delivery of securities equivalent to the Relevant Collateral which 
was transferred will not be secured and will be subject to the terms of the Title Transfer Collateral 
Arrangement and applicable law. Consequently, the Transferor may not receive such equivalent Relevant 
Collateral (although the Transferor’s exposure may be reduced to the extent that its liabilities to the 
Transferee under such Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement can be netted or set-off against the obligation 
of the Transferee to deliver equivalent Relevant Collateral to the Transferor). 
Where the Issuer is the Transferor, after transferring the Relevant Collateral, such securities will cease to 
form part of the Mortgaged Property so Instrumentholders will no longer have the benefit of security over 
such securities. If the Relevant Counterparty (as Transferee) becomes insolvent or otherwise defaults, the 
Mortgaged Property will not include equivalent Relevant Collateral which the Issuer might otherwise have 
been expecting to receive. In these circumstances, the Instrumentholders should be aware that the net 
proceeds of realisation of the Mortgaged Property may be insufficient to cover amounts that would 
otherwise be due under the Instruments and consequently the Instrumentholders are exposed to the credit 
risk of the Relevant Counterparty (as Transferee). 
The Transferor in respect of any Relevant Collateral will not be entitled to exercise, or direct the Transferee 
to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the Relevant Collateral. The Instrumentholders 
should be aware that where the Transferor is the Issuer, the Instrumentholders will not have any right 
under the Instruments to direct the Issuer to exercise any voting, consent or similar rights attached to the 
Relevant Collateral.  
The Transferee will have title to any Relevant Collateral and may or may not continue to hold such Relevant 
Collateral and as such it will have no obligation to inform the Transferor of any corporate events or actions 
in relation to any Relevant Collateral. Where the Issuer is the Transferor, this means that no assurance 
can be given to Instrumentholders that they will be informed of events affecting any Relevant Collateral. 
Please see also paragraph 7.6 (Risks relating to bank recovery and resolution regimes) above for 
information on the consequences of a resolution process being instituted against the Relevant 
Counterparty. 
Non-financial counterparties in the European Economic Area such as the Issuer are also required to start 
reporting securities financing transactions to trade repositories on 11 January 2021. The Issuer is permitted 
to delegate that reporting, for example to their financial counterparty, although this would likely require a 
delegated reporting agreement to be put in place including obligations on the Issuer to provide certain 
information in order to make the necessary reports. 
10.8 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and Other Interest Rate, Index and Commodity Index 
“Benchmarks” 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other 
indices including commodity indices which are deemed “benchmarks” have been the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance as well as proposals for reform.  
A key element of the reform of benchmarks within the EU is Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment fund (the “Benchmark Regulation”). The 
Benchmark Regulation applies to “contributors,” “administrators” and “users of” “benchmarks” in the EU, 
and, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be deemed subject to an equivalent regulatory regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed)

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
32 
 
 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” and (ii) bans 
the use by supervised entities in the EU of “benchmarks” of unauthorised/unregistered administrators. The 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such 
as LIBOR, EURIBOR and the Euro Overnight Index Average (“EONIA”), could also potentially apply to 
many other interest rate indices, as well as other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) 
which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Instruments), financial contracts and 
investment funds. 
The Benchmark Regulation could also have a material impact on any listed Instruments linked to a 
“benchmark” index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) and is 
not deemed to be subject to equivalent regulation and is not otherwise recognised or endorsed. In such 
event, depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Instruments, the 
Instruments could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the 
terms of the Instruments, including calculation agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
The foregoing may adversely affect the value of the Instruments and/or the liquidity of the Instruments in 
the secondary markets. 
Separately, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced on 27 July 2017 that it 
will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 
2021 (the "FCA Announcement"). The FCA Announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on 
the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. As the 2021 deadline approaches, there 
will be increasing pressure on financial institutions to develop fallback language and anticipate moving to 
an alternative nearly risk-free reference rate (“RFR”). Prior to the 2021 deadline, LIBOR could become 
unrepresentative (for example, because of reduced input data on a continuing basis) to such an extent that 
LIBOR would cease to be a compliant benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation.  Any 
such development could have a material adverse effect on any Instruments linked to LIBOR.  
On 23 June 2020, the UK Government announced that it would legislate to grant the FCA further powers 
to manage the wind-down of LIBOR, including the power for the FCA to require an administrator to change 
the methodology of a critical benchmark (including LIBOR). The FCA has stated that while this would not 
restore the representativeness of LIBOR, it could potentially reduce disruption to “tough legacy” LIBOR 
contracts which have no appropriate alternatives and cannot be renegotiated or amended. The scope of 
“tough legacy” contracts is not clear at present and any such legislation or exercise of FCA powers may 
not be applicable to any Instruments linked to LIBOR or could potentially have a material adverse effect 
on any Instruments linked to LIBOR (in particular, if any change in methodology were to adversely affect 
the value or performance of any Instruments linked to LIBOR). 
In addition, the authorisation of LIBOR’s administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration ceased to be valid 
for the purposes of EU Benchmark Regulation at the end of 2020. Supervised entities in the EU may use 
LIBOR as a benchmark until the 31 December 2021 in accordance with, and subject to, the applicable 
transitional provisions. However, EU supervised entities are restricted from using LIBOR after that date in 
respect of any new issuances, and, in particular, are restricted from issuing Instruments referencing LIBOR 
which have a maturity date which extends beyond the end of 2021 (or, in the case of dollar LIBOR, 30 
June 2023). 
If an Instrument is linked to any of the affected Benchmarks (or if any Transaction Document or Collateral 
is linked to an affected Benchmark), certain events occurring in respect of that Benchmark (including its 
disappearance, any changes in the manner of its administration or methodology, or a statement by a

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
33 
 
 
regulator declaring it as not being representative of the underlying market) could result in the occurrence 
of a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may 
(or, following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event which is a Mandatory Reference Rate Event, shall) 
first attempt to determine the affected rate by applying linear interpolation. Failing which, the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement Reference Rate: (i) if a Specified Alternative Rate is specified 
in relation to the Instruments, by using that Specified Alternative Rate; or (ii) if there is no Specified 
Alternative Rate or such Specified Alternative Rate is either not available or appropriate to use, by using a 
Replacement Alternative Rate, being a rate which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by 
the administrator of the affected Benchmark or by a Relevant Nominating Body (such as a regulator or 
central bank or a working group appointed for this purpose by governmental authorities, in each case in 
the applicable jurisdiction); or (iii) if there is no Specified Alternative Rate or Replacement Alternative Rate, 
or such rates are not then available or appropriate to use, by using a Replacement Industry Rate, being 
an alternative rate, index or price source which is recognised as being the industry standard replacement 
for over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference the affected Benchmark. In each case the 
Calculation Agent will also determine a Replacement Adjustment Spread determined to reduce or eliminate 
to the extent reasonably practicable transfers of economic value arising as a result of using such alternative 
rate, which will be added to or subtracted from the alternative rate so determined. The Calculation Agent 
may (or in relation to Mandatory Reference Rate Events) shall determine what amendments, if any, can 
be made to the terms of the Instrument in connection with using such alternative rate and Replacement 
Adjustment Spread so determined. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may 
make reasonable efforts to determine what amendments can be made to the terms of the Instrument to 
account for the occurrence of such Benchmark Event. 
Such amendments (in relation to either a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event) will then be 
implemented, without the need for the consent of the Instrumentholders, provided that such amendments, 
in the opinion of the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable, and acting reasonably), do not impose unduly 
onerous additional obligations on the Trustee or the Agents (as applicable) (and subject to the Trustee and 
the Agents being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded and having received a certificate from the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent stating that the proposed amendments comply with the necessary 
requirements). 
If, following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event or a Benchmark Event, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine amendments to the terms of the Instruments that would fulfil the 
conditions above, there would be a Reference Rate Redemption Event or Benchmark Redemption Event, 
as applicable (if, in each case, such event is specified as being applicable in respect of the relevant Series 
of Instruments), which will (or may, at the discretion of the Determining Party, if Determining Party Option 
is specified as applicable) result in the early redemption of the Instruments prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable to Instrumentholders following a Reference Rate Event or a 
Benchmark Redemption Event, as applicable, would be calculated in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and may be less than the amount invested. 
As of 1 January 2021, following the end of the transition period in respect of the UK’s departure from the 
EU, UK administrators have been deleted from the ESMA Register and the Benchmarks Regulation no 
longer apply to UK benchmark administrators. UK administrators that were originally included in the ESMA 
Register as EU administrators are now categorised as third country administrators (for which the 
Benchmarks Regulation foresees different regimes for inclusion in the ESMA Register, being equivalence, 
recognition or endorsement). EU supervised entities can until 31 December 2023 continue to use third 
country UK benchmarks even if they are not included in the ESMA register. Subject to the applicable 
transitional provisions, if, for any reason a UK administrator of a Benchmark used by the Issuer fails to

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
34 
 
 
achieve authorisation in the EU via the means of equivalence, recognition or endorsement, the ability of 
the Issuer or any supervised entities in the EU to use such a benchmark would be restricted.

--- Page 47 ---
Investor Suitability 
 
 
35 
 
 
INVESTOR SUITABILITY 
IMPORTANT – PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS PLEASE NOTE 
The Instruments are complex investments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only for sophisticated 
investors. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the risks inherent in an investment in the 
Instruments, and their exposure to such risks as a result of such investment in the Instruments.  Before making an 
investment decision, prospective investors should review carefully all of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and, in particular, the considerations set out below. 
Prospective investors should reach an investment decision only after carefully considering the suitability of the 
Instruments in light of their particular circumstances and financial condition. Investment in the Instruments may only 
be suitable for investors who: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to enable them to evaluate 
the risks of an investment in the Instruments, the rights attaching to the Instruments and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to such professional advisers and appropriate analysis as are necessary to make their own 
evaluation of the risks of such an investment (including without limitation any tax, accounting, business, 
legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an investment); 
(iii) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Instruments and are familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
reference assets and financial markets; 
(iv) 
are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
currency and interest rates and other factors that may affect their investment and their ability to bear the 
applicable risks; 
(v) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Instruments for an indefinite period of 
time and recognise that it may not be possible to transfer the Instruments for a substantial period of time, 
if at all; and 
(vi) 
are acquiring the Instruments for their own account (as principal and not as agent) for investment purposes 
and not with a view to the resale, distribution or other disposition of the Instruments. 
Prospective investors should note that an investment in Instruments denominated in a currency other than the 
currency of the investor’s jurisdiction entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar investment in a 
security denominated and/or payable in the investor’s currency. These risks include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of: 
• 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the investor’s currency and the currency in which the 
Instruments are denominated and/or payable (including those resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the currency); and 
• 
the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either the jurisdiction of the investor or 
foreign governments. 
Prospective investors should note that an investment in the Instruments is not an investment in any reference assets 
to which the performance of the Instruments may be linked. Payments under a Series of Instruments may be linked 
to one or more reference assets: 
• 
Where Instruments reference securities, an Instrumentholder has no rights against the company that has 
issued such securities. 
• 
Where the Instruments reference an index, the Instrumentholder has no rights against the sponsor of such 
index.

--- Page 48 ---
Investor Suitability 
 
 
36 
 
 
• 
Where the Instruments reference a fund, an Instrumentholder has no rights against such fund nor the 
manager of such fund.  
• 
Where the Instruments reference a swap or other kind of hedging contract, an Instrumentholder has no 
rights against the counterparty of such swap or contract. 
An investment in the Instruments is not an investment in any reference assets to which the performance of the 
Instruments may be linked and an Instrumentholder will have no rights in relation to voting rights or other 
entitlements (including any dividend or other distributions) relating to such reference assets. 
Such Instruments are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other 
connected person in respect of any Mortgaged Property or reference assets. Such entities have no obligation to 
take into account the consequences of their actions on any Instrumentholders.

--- Page 49 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
37 
 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Conflicts of interest may arise between the various parties involved in the issuance of Instruments 
Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may act in multiple capacities in connection with any Series of 
Instruments. Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed 
to in the relevant capacity and will not be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to be subject 
to a standard of care other than as may be expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. Mediobanca 
and other Transaction Parties may enter into business dealings relating to the Instruments or the Collateral or any 
asset in respect of the Instruments or Collateral from which it may derive revenues and profits without any duty to 
account for such revenues or profits. Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may purchase and hold 
Instruments of any Series. 
Mediobanca and its affiliates (the “Arranger’s Group”) and its personnel, including its sales and trading, investment 
research and investment management personnel, regularly make investment recommendations, or publish or 
express independent views in respect of a wide range of markets, issuers, securities and instruments. They 
regularly implement, or recommend, various investment strategies relating to these markets, issuers, securities and 
instruments. These strategies include, for example, buying or selling credit protection against a default or other 
event involving an entity or financial instruments. Any of these recommendations and views may be negative with 
respect to the Issuer or the Instruments or other securities or instruments similar to the Instruments or result in 
trading strategies that have a negative impact on the market for any such securities or instruments, particularly in 
illiquid markets. Instrumentholders should expect that personnel in the trading and investing businesses of the 
Arranger’s Group will have independent views of the Issuer or other market trends which may not be aligned with 
the views and objectives of Instrumentholders. 
Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may at any time be an active and significant participant in or act as 
market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities 
and derivatives. Activities undertaken by Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may be on such a scale as to 
affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, securities relating to currencies, securities 
and derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or relating to, the Instruments or any Collateral. 
Notwithstanding this, neither Mediobanca nor other Transaction Parties necessarily have a duty or obligation to 
take into account the interests of any party in relation to any Instruments when effecting transactions in such 
markets. 
The Trustee is required to have regard to the interests of the Instrumentholders as a class and not 
individually and does not assume any duty or responsibility to the Transaction Parties 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Instrumentholders 
as a class and is not required to have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Instrumentholders. 
The Trustee is not entitled to require, nor is any Instrumentholder entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any such exercise upon individual Instrumentholders. 
In acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Trustee does not, in respect of Instruments of any Series, assume 
any duty or responsibility to any of the Counterparty(ies), the Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent, 
any of the Paying Agents, any other Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party (other than to pay any such 
party any moneys received and payable to it and to act in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the Trust 
Deed). The Trustee is not obliged to act on any directions of any Secured Creditor or Transaction Party other than 
where expressly provided otherwise in the Transaction Documents to which the Trustee is a party, including in 
circumstances where it is directed by the relevant Counterparty(ies) to deliver an Enforcement Notice and enforce 
the Transaction Security following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event. 
Each Counterparty is entitled to exercise functions in its absolute discretion 
Where any Counterparty is entitled to exercise its discretion, make a determination or to undertake a course of 
action in respect of the relevant Counterparty Agreement, in respect of the terms and conditions or otherwise in 
respect of the Instruments the relevant Counterparty will be contractually entitled to act in its absolute discretion

--- Page 50 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
38 
 
 
and will be under no obligation to, and will not assume any responsibility for, the Instrumentholders or any other 
person.  
In exercising such discretion, making a determination or deciding upon a course of action, the relevant Counterparty 
may act in its best interests and will not be liable to account to the Instrumentholders or any other person for any 
profit or other benefit to it or any of its respective affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such 
exercise, determination or action. 
Business relationships with any Counterparty may be pursued without regard to the consequences for 
Instrumentholders 
Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may deal in any obligation of any obligor of any Collateral and may make 
loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other 
business transactions with, the obligor of any Collateral. Mediobanca and other Transaction Parties may act with 
respect to such transactions in the same manner without regard to whether any such action might have an adverse 
effect on the obligor of any Collateral, the Issuer, any Counterparty or the Instrumentholders of the relevant Series. 
One or more of Mediobanca or any Transaction Party may undertake any of the following activities and such 
arrangements or transactions may result in Mediobanca or any Transaction Party having interests which are 
contrary to the interests of Instrumentholders: 
• 
underwrite, or act as an arranger or adviser in connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a 
dealer with respect to, the Collateral; 
• 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with the Collateral or other securities 
issued by an obligor of the Collateral; 
• 
be a counterparty to obligors of the Collateral under a derivative transaction; 
• 
lend to obligors of the Collateral or their affiliates or receive guarantees from such obligors or their affiliates; 
• 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or financial services 
to the obligors of the Collateral or their affiliates; or 
• 
have an equity interest in obligors of the Collateral or their affiliates.

--- Page 51 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
39 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of 
Instruments, the relevant Series Terms. This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
PARTIES 
 
Company 
Buckingham Gate S.A. (the "Company"). 
 
The Company is domiciled in Luxembourg, has its registered office at Airport Center 
Luxembourg, 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It was incorporated in Luxembourg on 28 January 
2020. It is registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies 
under the number B241693. 
The Company is an unregulated securitisation undertaking under the Securitisation 
Law and is not supervised by the CSSF. 
Issuer 
The Company acting in respect of one of its Compartments shall be the "Issuer". 
STRUCTURE 
 
Structure 
See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Programme Structure". 
Instruments may be issued either in the form of secured notes and/or debt instruments 
and the form of Instrument shall be specified in the Series Terms for each Series.  
The Issuer will use the proceeds from the issue of a series of Instruments to purchase 
one or more specified underlying assets (the "Underlying Collateral") and, where 
applicable, to enter into one or more Counterparty Agreements, which will, together 
with the Issuer’s rights under each Counterparty Agreement (if any), the Counterparty 
Posted Collateral (if any) delivered to the Issuer under each Counterparty Agreement 
and the proceeds from each Counterparty Agreement (if any), form part of the series 
assets for such Series. 
The series assets are exclusively allocated to the Compartment established by the 
board of directors of the Company in respect of such Instruments, will be kept separate 
from the assets allocated to other Compartments of the Company or any other assets 
of the Company and will be secured in favour of the Trustee on behalf of the 
Instrumentholders of such Series. 
The series assets shall have characteristics whereby, taken together, they 
demonstrate a capacity to produce funds to service the Issuer’s obligations to make 
payments due and payable under the Instruments. 
As a result, the rights of the Instrumentholders and of the creditors of a specific Series 
of Instruments are limited to the series assets allocated to such Compartment and the 
series assets allocated to such Compartment are in principle exclusively available to 
satisfy the rights of the Instrumentholders and of the creditors whose claims have 
arisen in connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of that 
Compartment. 
Issuer and Company 
costs and expenses 
Each Issuer may incur costs and expenses which relate to a Series of Instruments (the 
"Series Overheads") and the Company may incur costs and expenses which do not 
relate to a specific Series of Instruments (the "Non-Series Overheads"). The 
Company and the Arranger have entered into a Mandate Agreement pursuant to which

--- Page 52 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
40 
 
 
the Arranger agrees to pay the Series Overheads in respect of each issue to the Issuer 
and the Non-Series Overheads to the Company. 
NATURE OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Form of Instruments 
The Instruments may be issued in bearer form or registered form. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Instruments 
may be issued in any currency as agreed between the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination 
Instruments will be in such denominations as may be specified in the Series Terms in 
accordance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, provided that (i) the 
minimum specified denomination shall in each case be €125,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of the issue of the Instruments) and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by current laws and regulations, Instruments (including 
Instruments denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Void transfer and  
forced transfer 
If ‘Void Transfer’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, any transfer or other 
disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in an Instrument to a Non-
Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor shall be deemed to be void ab initio and 
of no legal effect. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial 
ownership interest in an Instrument in such a transaction will not be entitled to any 
rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Instrument. 
If ‘Forced Transfer’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, at any time after 
becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in an Instrument is held 
by a Non-Permitted Transferee or a Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer shall have the 
right to require such Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to sell such 
interest to (i) the Arranger or to any of its Affiliates (to the extent permitted by Applicable 
Law) or (ii) a person who is neither a Non-Permitted Transferee nor a Benefit Plan 
Investor, in each case, at a price equal to the lowest of certain amounts specified in 
the Master Terms and Conditions. Pending such sale, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
cease to make any payments in respect of Instruments held by a Non-Permitted 
Transferee or a Benefit Plan Investor. 
Status 
Instruments issued under the Programme will be secured debt obligations of the 
Issuer. Instruments will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
Security 
See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Security 
Arrangements". 
Negative pledge/ 
restrictions 
There is no negative pledge in respect of any Series of Instruments. However, for so 
long as any Series of Instruments remain outstanding, the Issuer will not, without the 
prior written consent of the Trustee, (amongst other things set out in the Master Trust 
Terms) incur any indebtedness or engage in any business other than acquiring and 
holding mortgaged property, entering into obligations, entering into related agreements 
and transactions and performing certain activities related thereto, provided that such 
obligations are secured on assets of the Company other than the Company’s share 
capital and assets securing any other obligations and are subject to equivalent limited 
recourse provisions to the Instruments, have any subsidiaries or employees, purchase,

--- Page 53 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
41 
 
 
own or otherwise acquire any real property, or consolidate or merge with any other 
person or issue any shares. 
INTEREST 
Interest 
Instruments issued under the Programme may bear no interest, or may be Zero 
Coupon Instruments, Fixed Rate Instruments, Floating Rate Instruments, Pass-
Through Interest Instruments or Variable Rate Instruments. 
Zero Coupon 
Instruments 
Zero Coupon Instruments may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Fixed Rate Instruments 
Fixed Rate Instruments will bear fixed interest payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the Series Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Instruments 
Floating Rate Instruments will bear interest which will be determined as specified in 
the Series Terms, which may be calculated on the same basis as the floating rate 
under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc and as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or by reference to a specified screen rate. 
Variable Rate 
Instruments 
Variable Rate Instruments will bear an amount of interest calculated by reference to a 
specified formula (which may be linked to a specified asset or reference) which will be 
payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the Series Terms. 
Pass-Through Interest 
Instruments 
Pass-Through Interest Instruments will bear an amount of interest per Calculation 
Amount equal to the amount of interest actually received by the Issuer in respect of 
the Underlying Collateral or the Related Underlying Collateral Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Payment Date multiplied by a fraction, the numerator 
of which is the Calculation Amount and the denominator of which is the aggregate of 
the Calculation Amounts of all Instruments outstanding. 
Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred it may 
(or, following the occurrence of a Mandatory Reference Rate Event, it shall) apply 
interpolation provisions or identify a Replacement Reference Rate. In such case the 
Reference Rate fallback provisions may apply. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
identify a Replacement Reference Rate or determine suitable amendments to the 
terms of the Instruments or the Transaction Documents, the Instruments may redeem 
early. 
SCHEDULED REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONAL REDEMPTION 
Scheduled redemption 
and purchase 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased or cancelled, the Instruments shall become 
due and payable on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the Series Terms. 
 
Redemption by instalments 
Provided that no Early Redemption Notice Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred, each Instalment Instrument shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at its related Instalment Amount specified in the Series Terms. 
 
Amortisation of Collateral 
Provided that no Early Redemption Notice Date or Early Redemption Date has 
occurred, and if ‘Underlying Collateral Amortisation’ is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 54 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
42 
 
 
Series Terms, then if any Underlying Collateral redeems in part in accordance with its 
terms then each Instrument shall be redeemed in part on the corresponding Underlying 
Collateral Amortisation Redemption Date at its related Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation Redemption Amount, and the outstanding principal amount of each 
Instrument shall be reduced by a proportion of the principal amount of such Instrument 
equal to the proportion of the Underlying Collateral that was redeemed. 
 
Purchase 
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the realisation 
of an amount of Underlying Collateral and/or for corresponding adjustments to be 
made to each Counterparty Agreement for the purposes of agreeing the proposed 
repurchase, in each case in a proportion no greater than the proportion that the 
Instruments to be purchased bears to all Instruments outstanding, which transactions 
will leave the Issuer with no assets or liabilities in respect thereof, the Issuer may 
purchase Instruments in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer 
All, but not some only of the Instruments, may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer. 
EARLY REDEMPTION PROVISIONS 
Early Redemption Event 
If the relevant Determining Party determines that an Early Redemption Event has 
occurred and gives notice of such determination, then the Issuer shall give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Instrumentholders and each Instrument shall become due 
and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount. 
 
Early Redemption Event means: 
 
Collateral-related Early Redemption Events: 
 
• 
Settlement Failure Event 
 
• 
Collateral Event 
 
• 
Value Trigger Event 
 
Tax-related Early Redemption Events: 
 
• 
Underlying Collateral Tax Event 
 
• 
Instrument Tax Event 
 
• 
Issuer Tax Event 
 
Counterparty, Arranger and Agent-related Early Redemption Events: 
 
• 
Swap Termination Event 
 
• 
Repo Agreement Termination Event 
 
• 
Securities Lending Agreement Termination Event 
 
• 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event 
 
• 
Agent Replacement Failure Event 
 
• 
Arranger Event 
 
• 
Series Reserve Account Balance Event  
 
Other Early Redemption Events:

--- Page 55 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
43 
 
 
 
• 
Illegality Event 
 
• 
Regulatory Redemption Event 
• 
Benchmark Redemption Event  
• 
Reference Rate Redemption Event 
 
• 
Product Supplement Redemption Event 
 
• 
Additional Redemption Event 
 
the details of which are as further set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Description of Early Redemption Events". 
The occurrence of some of the Early Redemption Events may not automatically lead 
to an early redemption of the Instruments. For example, some of the events may be 
waived by the Instrumentholders, whereas other events may trigger a modification of 
the Instruments by the Calculation Agent with a view to ensuring that the underlying 
conditions cease to apply. See further details in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Description of Early Redemption Events". 
Postponement 
No payment of principal or interest shall be made by the Issuer in respect of the 
Instruments during a suspension period of 15 Business Days if the Calculation Agent 
determines that facts exist which may amount to a Collateral Event. If the Calculation 
Agent determines during the suspension period that a Collateral Event has occurred, 
then the provisions relating to early redemption shall apply. If no such determination 
has been made at the end of the suspension period, or the Calculation Agent 
determines during the suspension period that the circumstances giving rise to such 
potential Collateral Event no longer exist, then all amounts of principal and interest that 
would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Instruments shall be due on the 
second Business Day after the final day of the suspension period or the date of such 
early determination, as applicable. Instrumentholders shall not be entitled to any further 
payment as a consequence of the fact that such payment of such principal and interest 
is postponed.  
EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND PHYSICAL REDEMPTION 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
The "Early Redemption Amount" shall be the Early Cash Redemption Amount, 
unless Instrumentholder Settlement Option is specified in the Series Terms, all 
outstanding Instruments are held by a Sole Instrumentholder and such Sole 
Instrumentholder validly elects to receive the Physical Redemption Amount. 
Physical redemption 
Upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Delivery described in the Master Terms and 
Conditions the Issuer will cause to be delivered the Physical Redemption Amount to 
the Sole Instrumentholder, in accordance with the instructions given by such Sole 
Instrumentholder. 
LIQUIDATION OF COLLATERAL 
Liquidation of Collateral 
in a pre-enforcement 
scenario 
See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Liquidation of 
Collateral, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse Provisions". Liquidation of 
the Collateral in a pre-enforcement scenario shall apply following an Early Redemption 
Event where physical redemption is not applicable.  
EVENTS OF DEFAULT

--- Page 56 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
44 
 
 
Redemption following 
the occurrence of an 
Event of Default 
If any Event of Default occurs the Trustee at its discretion may, and if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer, the 
Instrumentholders and each Transaction Party that all of the Instruments shall become 
immediately due and payable at their Default Redemption Amount (together with any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon). An Event of Default means the occurrence of a 
Payment Event of Default, a Non-Compliance Event of Default or a Bankruptcy Event 
of Default. 
ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY 
Enforcement of security 
See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Liquidation of 
Collateral, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse Provisions". Enforcement of 
security following an Enforcement Event shall apply (i) following an Event of Default 
where the Instruments have not been immediately repaid, (ii) where the Issuer has 
failed to pay any amount due on the Maturity Date, (iii) where payment and/or delivery 
of the Early Redemption Amount is not made on the Early Redemption Date or (iv) 
where, the Issuer has failed to pay amounts due under any Counterparty Agreement. 
Application of proceeds 
In respect of any Series of Instruments the respective rankings for priority of the 
interests of the Instrumentholders, the Counterparty(ies) and any other party entitled 
to the benefit of the security interests of the Instruments shall be according to one of 
the following, as specified in the Series Terms: 
• 
Counterparty Priority; or 
• 
Instrumentholder Priority. 
OTHER TERMS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
Limited recourse and 
non-petition 
See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Liquidation of 
Collateral, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse Provisions". 
Withholding tax 
All payments in respect of any Instruments will be subject in all cases to any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or 
charges of any nature (including pursuant to FATCA) that the Issuer or any Agent is 
required by Applicable Law to make. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Instruments of a Series on the same 
terms as such existing Instruments and on terms that such further Instruments shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the existing Instruments of the Series. 
Governing law 
The Instruments are governed by English law. 
SWAP AGREEMENT 
 
Swap Agreement 
In respect of any Series of Instruments the Issuer may enter into a Swap Agreement 
with the Swap Counterparty, pursuant to which the Issuer will be entitled to receive 
certain agreed payment amounts. The Swap Agreement shall incorporate the 2002 
ISDA Master Agreement and will be governed by English law. For further information 
see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "The Swap Agreement".

--- Page 57 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
45 
 
 
Credit Support Annex 
 
The Swap Counterparty may be required to provide Eligible Credit Support pursuant 
to the terms of the Credit Support Annex (which shall comprise "Counterparty Posted 
Collateral" (which term shall also include margin posted to the Issuer under the Repo 
Agreement (if any) and margin posted to the Issuer under the Securities Lending 
Agreement (if any)) in order to support its obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
 
The Issuer may also be required to deliver collateral comprising the Underlying 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty in order to collateralise its obligations to the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (the “Issuer Posted Collateral”). 
 
The provision of Counterparty Posted Collateral under the Swap Agreement is subject 
to the rights of the Swap Counterparty to request from time to time redelivery of the 
Counterparty Posted Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement. In the 
event of an early redemption of any Series of Instruments, the Issuer or the Disposal 
Agent will realise any Counterparty Posted Collateral and terminate the Swap 
Agreement and the net termination payments (taking into account the value of the 
Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA)) will be taken into account in determining the 
Early Cash Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Instruments. 
Replacement Swap 
Counterparty 
See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Process". 
Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Event  
A Swap Counterparty Replacement Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following in respect of the Swap Counterparty, as specified in the Series Terms: 
• 
if ‘Swap Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, the occurrence 
of an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) where the Swap 
Counterparty is the Defaulting Party; and/or  
• 
if ‘Downgrade Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, the Swap 
Counterparty is subject to a Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event (as 
defined in the Series Terms). 
Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility Criteria means, in respect of a proposed 
replacement swap counterparty, that such entity: 
• 
is a leading dealer of good standing in the relevant market in respect of the 
Swap Agreement;  
• 
has satisfied all ‘know-your-customer’ or equivalent checks required by the 
Issuer, the Trustee and each Agent, and has itself completed all ‘know-your-
customer’ or equivalent checks that it would require; and 
• 
satisfies any Additional Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility Criteria 
specified in the Series Terms. 
 
There is no obligation on any replacement swap counterparty specified in the Swap 
Agreement to enter into any replacement swap agreement. If no replacement swap 
counterparty is appointed pursuant to the provisions above, an Early Redemption 
Event as a result of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event shall occur. 
REPO AGREEMENT 
 
Repo Agreement 
In respect of any Series of Instruments the Issuer may enter into a Repo Agreement 
with the Repo Counterparty, pursuant to which the Issuer may be required to deliver 
and/or be entitled to receive certain agreed payments and/or deliveries of securities. 
The Repo Agreement shall be based on the form of the 2011 version of the Global 
Master Repurchase Agreement.

--- Page 58 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
46 
 
 
In certain circumstances, the Repo Counterparty may be required to provide margin 
pursuant to the terms of the Repo Agreement (which shall comprise Counterparty 
Posted Collateral) in order to support its obligations under the Repo Agreement.  
In certain circumstances the Issuer may also be required to provide margin to the Repo 
Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the Repo Agreement in order to support its 
obligations under the Repo Agreement. 
The provision of Counterparty Posted Collateral is subject to the rights of the Repo 
Counterparty to request from time to time redelivery of the Counterparty Posted 
Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Repo Agreement. In the event of an early 
redemption of any Series of Instruments, the Issuer or the Disposal Agent will realise 
any Counterparty Posted Collateral and terminate the Repo Agreement and the net 
termination payments (taking into account the value of the Counterparty Posted 
Collateral (Repo)) will be taken into account in determining the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of the Instruments.  
For further information see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "The Repo 
Agreement". 
SECURITIES LENDING 
AGREEMENT 
 
Securities Lending 
Agreement 
In respect of any Series of Instruments the Issuer may enter into a Securities Lending 
Agreement with the SL Counterparty, pursuant to which the Issuer may be required to 
deliver and/or be entitled to receive certain agreed payments and/or deliveries of 
securities. The Securities Lending Agreement shall be based on the form of the 2010 
version of the Global Master Securities Lending Agreement.  
In certain circumstances, the SL Counterparty may be required to provide margin 
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement (which shall comprise 
Counterparty Posted Collateral) in order to support its obligations under the Securities 
Lending Agreement.  
In certain circumstances the Issuer may also be required to provide margin to the SL 
Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement in order to 
support its obligations under the Securities Lending Agreement. 
The provision of Counterparty Posted Collateral is subject to the rights of the SL 
Counterparty to request from time to time redelivery of the Counterparty Posted 
Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement. In the event of 
an early redemption of any Series of Instruments, the Issuer or the Disposal Agent will 
realise any Counterparty Posted Collateral and terminate the Securities Lending 
Agreement and the net termination payments (taking into account the value of the 
Counterparty Posted Collateral (SL)) will be taken into account in determining the Early 
Cash Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Instruments. 
For further information see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "The Securities 
Lending Agreement". 
REPLACEMENT OF AGENTS 
Agent Replacement 
Event 
An Agent Replacement Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following in 
respect of an Agent, as specified in the Series Terms: 
• 
such Agent does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under the Instruments or the Constituting Document which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such default is capable

--- Page 59 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
47 
 
 
of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 calendar 
days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Agent by the 
Trustee; and/or 
• 
if ‘Agent Bankruptcy Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, 
such Agent is subject to a Bankruptcy Event; and/or 
• 
if ‘Agent Downgrade Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, 
such Agent is subject to an Agent Downgrade Event. 
Replacement of Agent 
If an Agent Replacement Notice is given in relation to an Agent Replacement Event 
and (only when a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event is not continuing) the Swap 
Counterparty confirms that it consents to the appointment of the Replacement Agent, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint the Replacement Agent  
Replacement Agent 
The Replacement Agent must be a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market or other appropriate market and satisfy any Replacement Agent 
Eligibility Criteria specified in the Series Terms. 
The replacement Disposal Agent must be a leading dealer of good standing in the 
relevant market in respect of the Collateral and satisfy any additional Disposal Agent 
Eligibility Criteria that are specified in the Series Terms. 
ISSUANCE TERMS 
 
Method of issue 
Instruments will be issued in Series, with the Instruments of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Instruments of that Series.  
Clearing systems 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and such other clearing 
system approved by the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
Issue price 
Instruments may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. 
Credit ratings 
Instruments issued under the Programme are not expected to be rated. 
Listing 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for certain Instruments issued under the 
Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin. 
There cannot be any guarantee that admission to listing or trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin will be obtained or, if so obtained, will be maintained for the 
life of the Instruments. Nor can there be any guarantee that the Instruments will be 
admitted to the regulated market of Euronext Dublin upon issuance. 
Instruments may be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the GEM of Euronext 
Dublin. Where Instruments are to be admitted to trading on the GEM of Euronext 
Dublin, the term "Base Prospectus" should be taken to mean Base Listing Particulars 
as such term is defined in Euronext Dublin’s rules relating to the GEM. In such cases, 
application will be made to Euronext Dublin for certain Instruments issued under the 
Programme during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be 
admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the GEM 
which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Instruments may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant

--- Page 60 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
 
48 
 
 
Dealer(s) in relation to a specific Series. Instruments which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
Selling restrictions 
There are restrictions on sales of Instruments into, amongst other jurisdictions, the 
United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (including Italy, 
Luxembourg and Ireland). 
No Instruments will be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to (i) a U.S. 
person (as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S of the Securities Act), (ii) U.S. 
person (as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 15G of 
the Exchange Act) or (iii) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for 
the purposes of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), 
or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) thereunder (including but not limited to any person 
who is not a “Non-United States person” under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also 
including but not limited to a “U.S. person” as described in and for the purposes of the 
CFTC’s Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations, 78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013) as amended from time 
to time). 
Structure diagram 
The diagram below is intended to provide a diagrammatic overview of a basic asset 
swap repackaging transaction of a type contemplated in the Final Terms of this Base 
Prospectus and to summarise certain cashflows of such structure. It is not intended to 
be an exhaustive and detailed description of any Series of Instruments that could be 
issued under this Base Prospectus. Investors should ensure that they fully understand 
the transaction in which they are considering investing with references to the Final 
Terms, Series Terms or Series Prospectus relating to such Instruments including 
without limitation to cashflows and Terms relating to such Instruments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Custodian 
 
Underlying 
Collateral 
 
Issuer 
 
 
Swap 
Counterparty 
 
Instrumentholders 
Principal 
Interest 
Scheduled cash flows 
from the Underlying 
Collateral 
Scheduled interest 
payments/ principal

--- Page 61 ---
Programme Structure 
 
 
49 
 
 
PROGRAMME STRUCTURE 
The Programme is established on the basis of modular programme level documents and issue level documents. 
The master documents set out the base terms and conditions of the Instruments and document the terms of the 
agreements on which the various parties involved in the Series of Instruments are appointed.  
For each Series of Instruments there are documents required for the issuance itself (the “Issue Level 
Documents”) which apply the master programme level documents (the “Programme Level Documents”). 
Issue Level Documents 
When the Issuer is to issue a Series of Instruments, it will enter into a single "Constituting Document" with all 
relevant parties in relation to that Series. 
Pursuant to the Constituting Document, the Master Trust Terms (which include the terms and conditions 
applicable to each Series of Instruments (the "Master Terms and Conditions")) and the other master documents 
relevant to that Series will be incorporated by reference and adopted for that Series, as amended and 
supplemented to the extent necessary to reflect the particular features of that Series. This means that one single 
document constitutes all the main contractual documents which are to apply to a Series of Instruments. Certain 
further documentation, including confirmations in respect of any transactions with any Swap Counterparty, Repo 
Counterparty and/or SL Counterparty and closing letters, will also be required at Series level.  The Swap 
Agreement (and Credit Support Annex, if any is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Series 
Terms) Repo Agreement and Securities Lending Agreement in respect of any Series are described below. 
There will also be an offer document in respect of each Series. The offer document should be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus, and will be in the form of Final Terms or a Series Issuance Document (which may be 
a Series Memorandum or a Series Prospectus), each as described in the "Important Information" section on page 
ii of this Base Prospectus. 
Programme Level Documents 
The master documents that exist as at the date of this Base Prospectus are set out in the diagram below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Master Dealer 
Terms
Master Swap 
Terms
Master Definitions
and Construction 
Terms
Master Custody 
Terms
Master Agency 
Terms
Master Calculation 
Agency Terms
Constituting 
Document
Master CSA Terms
Master Trust 
Terms (including 
Master Terms 
and Conditions 
[and Product 
Supplements])
Master Purchase 
Terms
Master Disposal 
Agency Terms
Master Securities 
Lending Terms
Master 
Repurchase Terms

--- Page 62 ---
Programme Structure 
 
 
50 
 
 
 
 
Set out below is a summary of each of the key documents and its function. 
Trust and agency documents 
Trust Deed (including Master Terms and Conditions) 
The Master Trust Terms contain the provisions relating to the creation of security in favour of the Trustee and the 
terms of appointment of the Trustee. These terms will, together with the Constituting Document relating to a Series 
of Instruments, comprise the Trust Deed for that Series, as amended and supplemented by the Constituting 
Document. The Master Trust Terms include the Master Terms and Conditions for any Instruments issued by the 
Issuer (being those included in this Base Prospectus) and which (as amended and supplemented by the relevant 
Constituting Document) are adopted as the "Terms and Conditions" of the relevant Series of Instruments pursuant 
to the relevant Constituting Document. 
The Master Terms and Conditions may also include product specific supplements which can be specified in the 
Constituting Document as applying when documenting Instruments linked to specific reference assets (the 
“Product Supplements”). 
Agency Agreement 
The Master Agency Terms contain the terms on which the relevant agents (including the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agent(s) and, in the case of registered instruments, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent) will be 
appointed to act on behalf of the Issuer in respect of a Series of Instruments. These terms will, together with the 
Constituting Document relating to a Series of Instruments, comprise the Agency Agreement for that Series. 
Custody Agreement 
The Master Custody Terms contain the terms on which the Custodian will be appointed to act on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of a Series of Instruments, including holding the Collateral on behalf of the Issuer and holding any cash 
account that the Issuer requires. These terms will, together with the Constituting Document relating to a Series of 
Instruments, comprise the Custody Agreement for that Series. 
Calculation Agency Agreement 
The Master Calculation Agency Terms contain the terms on which the Calculation Agent will be appointed to act on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of a Series of Instruments, including performing calculations required under the terms 
of the Instruments. These terms will, together with the Constituting Document relating to a Series of Instruments, 
comprise the Calculation Agency Agreement for that Series. 
Disposal Agency Agreement 
The Master Disposal Agency Terms contain the terms on which the Disposal Agent agrees to liquidate the Collateral 
in certain circumstances set out in the Terms and Conditions of a Series of Instruments. These terms will, together 
with the Constituting Document relating to a Series of Instruments, comprise the Disposal Agency Agreement for 
that Series. 
Swap documents 
Swap Agreement 
The Master Swap Terms contain provisions of the Swap Agreement between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
relating to a Series of Instruments, pursuant to which the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty will each be required 
to pay and be entitled to receive certain agreed amounts. These terms will, together with the Constituting Document 
relating to a Series of Instruments, comprise the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule for that Series, as 
amended and supplemented by the Constituting Document. The Swap Agreement shall also ordinarily include a 
Swap Confirmation which supplements the ISDA Master and Schedule and sets out the terms of the swap 
transaction relating to the Instruments between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, and may include a Credit 
Support Annex as described below.

--- Page 63 ---
Programme Structure 
 
 
51 
 
 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document, the Issuer will enter into 
a Credit Support Annex with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant Instruments in accordance with, and 
subject to, the Master CSA Terms. Where a Credit Support Annex is entered into, it shall form part of the Swap 
Agreement relating to a Series of Instruments. The Swap Counterparty may be required to provide collateral under 
the Credit Support Annex in order to support its obligations under the Swap Agreement. Similarly the Issuer may 
also be required to deliver collateral comprising the Underlying Collateral for the Series in order to collateralise its 
obligations to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. The obligation on the Issuer to deliver Underlying 
Collateral will be limited to the amount of Underlying Collateral held by the Issuer. 
Repo documents 
Repo Agreement 
The Master Repurchase Terms contain provisions of the Repo Agreement between the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty relating to a Series of Instruments, pursuant to which the Issuer and/or the Repo Counterparty will be 
required to make certain payments and/or deliveries of securities and/or shall be entitled to receive certain payments 
and/or deliveries of securities. These terms will comprise the GMRA for that Series, as amended and supplemented 
by the relevant Constituting Document. The Repo Agreement shall also ordinarily include a trade confirmation which 
sets out the terms of the repurchase transaction relating to the Instruments between the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty. The Repo Agreement shall be based on the form of the 2011 version of the Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement. 
In certain circumstances, the Repo Counterparty may be required to provide margin pursuant to the terms of the 
Repo Agreement (which shall comprise Counterparty Posted Collateral) in order to support its obligations under the 
Repo Agreement.  
In certain circumstances the Issuer may also be required to provide margin to the Repo Counterparty pursuant to 
the terms of the Repo Agreement in order to support its obligations under the Repo Agreement. 
Securities Lending documents 
Securities Lending Agreement 
The Master Securities Lending Terms contain provisions of the Securities Lending Agreement between the Issuer 
and the SL Counterparty relating to a Series of Instruments, pursuant to which the Issuer and/or the SL Counterparty 
will be required to make certain payments and/or deliveries of securities and/or shall be entitled to receive certain 
payments and/or deliveries of securities. These terms will comprise the GMSLA for that Series, as amended and 
supplemented by the relevant Constituting Document. The Securities Lending Agreement shall also ordinarily 
include a trade confirmation which sets out the terms of the securities lending transaction relating to the Instruments 
between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty. The Securities Lending Agreement shall be based on the form of the 
2010 Global Master Securities Lending Agreement. 
In certain circumstances, the SL Counterparty may be required to provide margin pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities Lending Agreement (which shall comprise Counterparty Posted Collateral) in order to support its 
obligations under the Securities Lending Agreement.  
In certain circumstances the Issuer may also be required to provide margin to the SL Counterparty pursuant to the 
terms of the Securities Lending Agreement in order to support its obligations under the Securities Lending 
Agreement. 
Other documents 
Dealer Agreement 
The Master Dealer Terms contain the terms on which the Dealer(s) agree(s) to purchase the Instruments of a Series 
of Instruments. These terms will, together with the Constituting Document relating to a Series of Instruments, 
comprise the Dealer Agreement for that Series.

--- Page 64 ---
Programme Structure 
 
 
52 
 
 
Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Terms contain the terms on which the Seller agrees to sell to the Issuer the Underlying 
Collateral in respect of a Series of Instruments. These terms will, together with the Constituting Document relating 
to a Series of Instruments, comprise the Purchase Agreement for that Series. 
Master Definitions and Construction Terms 
The Master Definitions and Construction Terms define the terms used in the various Programme Level Documents 
and Issue Level Documents.

--- Page 65 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
53 
 
 
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following are the Master Terms and Conditions that apply to Instruments issued under the Programme. In 
connection with the issue of the Instruments, the Issuer will complete either a final terms document or a series 
issuance document which may be a pricing supplement, a prospectus or other similar document that incorporates 
by reference the whole or any part of these Master Terms and Conditions.   
The applicable terms and conditions set out in the final terms document or series issuance document are referred 
to as the “Series Terms”. The Series Terms (other than in the case of where Final Terms are applicable) will 
complete, amend and/or modify the Master Terms and Conditions. If Final Terms are applicable, the Final Terms 
will complete the Master Terms and Conditions. 
If a Product Supplement is specified to apply in the Series Terms, then these Master Terms and Conditions will be 
modified and supplemented by the Additional Terms and Conditions set out in that Product Supplement.  
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in the Terms and Conditions to Instruments are to the Instruments 
of one Series only, not to all Instruments that may be issued under the Programme. 
Each Series of Instruments will be issued by Buckingham Gate S.A. (the “Company”) acting on behalf and for the 
account of a particular Compartment identified in the Series Terms (in relation to itself and Instruments issued by 
it, the “Issuer”).  Each Issuer shall be bound by the terms and conditions only in respect of any Series of Instruments 
issued by it and matters relating thereto.  No Issuer shall be bound by the terms and conditions in respect of any 
Series of Instruments issued by any other Issuer. 
Each Series of Instruments shall be constituted, governed and secured (where applicable) by or pursuant to a 
constituting document (the “Constituting Document”) relating to the Instruments dated the Issue Date of the 
Instruments between the Issuer specified therein, the person named therein as a Swap Counterparty (if any), the 
Trustee and the other parties named therein.  The Constituting Document constitutes and (where applicable) 
secures the Instruments by the creation of a trust deed (the “Trust Deed”) on the terms (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Constituting Document) set out in the master trust terms (the “Master Trust Terms”) as 
specified in the Constituting Document.   
By executing the Constituting Document, the Issuer has also entered into, among other agreements: 
(i)  
an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) with one or more of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, any other Transfer Agents, any other Paying Agents, the Trustee and other parties (if any) 
named therein, on the terms (save as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Constituting 
Document) set out in the master agency terms (the “Master Agency Terms”) as specified in the 
Constituting Document; 
(ii)  
a custody agreement (the “Custody Agreement”) with the Custodian, the Trustee and other parties (if 
any) named therein, on the terms (save as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant Constituting 
Document) set out in the master custody terms (the “Master Custody Terms”) as specified in the 
Constituting Document; 
(iii)  
a calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation Agency Agreement”) with the Calculation Agent, the 
Trustee and other parties (if any) named therein, on the terms (save as amended and/or supplemented by 
the relevant Constituting Document) set out in the master calculation agency terms (the “Master 
Calculation Agency Terms”) as specified in the Constituting Document; 
(iv)  
a disposal agency agreement (the “Disposal Agency Agreement”) with the Disposal Agent, the Trustee 
and other parties (if any) named therein, on the terms (save as amended and/or supplemented by the

--- Page 66 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
54 
 
 
relevant Constituting Document) set out in the master disposal agency terms (the “Master Disposal 
Agency Terms”) as specified in the Constituting Document; and 
(v)  
a dealer agreement (the “Dealer Agreement”) with the Arranger, each Dealer, the Trustee and other 
parties (if any) named therein, on the terms (save as amended and/or supplemented by the relevant 
Constituting Document) set out in the master dealer terms (the “Master Dealer Terms”) as specified in 
the Constituting Document. 
Statements in these Master Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
appearing in the Master Trust Terms (which includes the form of the Instruments, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons referred to below) and, if it is stated in the Series Terms that the Instruments are issued with the benefit 
of an additional Security Document creating security interests over the Mortgaged Property, such additional Security 
Document. 
Copies of the Master Trust Terms, the Master Agency Terms, the Master Custody Terms, the Master Calculation 
Agency Terms, the Master Disposal Agency Terms, the Master Dealer Terms, the Constituting Document and, if 
applicable, each additional Security Document (i) are available for inspection to Instrumentholders, so long as any 
of the Instruments remain outstanding, during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents (if any) named in the Constituting Document or (ii) 
may be provided by email to an Instrumentholder, so long as any of the Instruments remain outstanding, following 
prior written request to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents (if any) therefor and in each case 
such Instrumentholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the relevant Agent, as the case may be, 
as to its holding of such Instruments and identity. 
The Instrumentholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Instruments 
in definitive bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Instruments, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to 
Instruments in definitive bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are entitled to the benefit of, 
are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice 
of those provisions applicable to them of the Custody Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency 
Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and the Dealer Agreement.  
As used in the Terms and Conditions, “Tranche” means Instruments that are identical in all respects.  
1. 
Definitions and 
interpretation 
All capitalised terms used in the Terms and Conditions shall have the meanings 
given to them in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, the Annex to these 
Master Terms and Conditions entitled “Definitions Annex to the Master Terms and 
Conditions”. 
 
 
 
2. 
Form, denomination 
and title 
(a) 
Form 
The Instruments may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Instruments”) 
or in registered form (“Registered Instruments”), in each case in the 
Specified Denomination(s) and the currency specified in the Series 
Terms.  If it is stated in the Series Terms that the form of the Instruments 
is “Bearer”, such Instruments are Bearer Instruments and, if it is so stated 
that the form of the Instruments is “Registered”, such Instruments are 
Registered Instruments.  Unless otherwise stated in the Series Terms, 
the form of all of the Instruments of a particular Series will be the same.  
The Instruments shall be Fixed Rate Instruments, Floating Rate 
Instruments, 
Pass-Through 
Interest 
Instruments, 
Zero 
Coupon

--- Page 67 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
55 
 
 
Instruments, Variable Rate Instruments, Instalment Instruments, a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Instrument, as 
specified in the Series Terms. 
(b) 
Bearer Instruments 
Bearer Instruments may, as stated in the Series Terms, initially be issued 
in definitive form or may initially be represented by one or more Global 
Bearer Instruments, including in new global note form (“NGN”) or in 
classic global note form (“CGN”).  Global Bearer Instruments will (i) if the 
Bearer Instruments are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in 
the Series Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a 
common safekeeper for the Clearing Systems; and (ii) if the Bearer 
Instruments are intended to be issued in CGN form, as stated in the 
Series Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a 
common depositary for the Clearing Systems. 
Bearer Instruments shall be serially numbered and Bearer Instruments 
in definitive form shall be issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
Receipts and/or Talons) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Instruments, in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to Default Interest), Coupons and Talons in the Terms and Conditions 
are not applicable.  Instalment Instruments in definitive bearer form shall 
be issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
(c) 
Registered Instruments 
Registered Instruments may, as stated in the Series Terms, initially be 
represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as 
provided in Master Condition 3(d) (Transfers of Registered Instruments), 
each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered 
Instruments by the same holder, or may initially be represented by one 
or more Global Registered Certificates.   
In respect of Registered Instruments relating to a Series to be issued in 
global form, as stated in the Series Terms, the Global Registered 
Certificate in respect of such Registered Instruments will be registered 
in the name of a nominee for, and shall be deposited on its issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of, the Clearing Systems. All 
Registered Instruments shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Title 
Title to Bearer Instruments and Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall 
pass by delivery.  Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder of any Bearer Instrument, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing 
on it or its theft or loss, and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder.

--- Page 68 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
56 
 
 
Title to Registered Instruments shall pass by registration in the register 
that the Issuer shall procure will be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”).  A copy of 
the Register will, upon written request from the Issuer, and promptly 
upon any changes made thereto, be sent by the Registrar to the 
Company, with the information contained in such copy to be transcribed 
in a register held by the Company at its registered office to enable the 
Company to keep the register held at its registered office up-to-date, 
complete and correct. Where there are discrepancies between the 
Register and the register held by the Company at its registered office, 
the register held by the Company at its registered office will prevail for 
the purposes of Luxembourg law.  
 
 
 
3. 
Exchanges and 
transfers 
(a) 
Exchange of Instruments 
Bearer Instruments may not be exchanged for Registered Instruments, 
except as required by law.  Bearer Instruments of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Instruments of another 
Specified Denomination.  Registered Instruments may not be exchanged 
for Bearer Instruments.  Global Instruments may be exchanged for 
definitive Bearer Instruments or Certificates (as applicable) in certain 
limited circumstances set out in the Trust Deed. 
(b) 
Transfers of interests in Global Instruments 
While represented by Global Instruments held on behalf of the Clearing 
Systems, beneficial interests in Instruments may only be transferred in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the Clearing Systems.  A 
person shown in the records of the Clearing System as the accountholder 
or participant with entitlements in respect of any Global Instrument may 
be treated by the Issuer and the Trustee as an Instrumentholder when 
considering the interests of the Instrumentholders. 
(c) 
Negotiability of Global Bearer Instrument 
If the Instruments are Bearer Instruments represented by a Global Bearer 
Instrument, the Global Bearer Instrument is a bearer document and 
negotiable and accordingly: 
(i) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate 
to confer upon the transferee all rights and benefits appertaining 
hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations 
appertaining hereto pursuant to these Master Terms and 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
the holder of the Global Bearer Instrument is and shall be 
absolutely entitled as against all previous holders to receive all 
amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption or 
otherwise payable in respect of the Global Bearer Instrument 
and the Issuer waives as against such holder and any previous 
holder of the Global Bearer Instrument all rights of set-off or 
counterclaim that would or might otherwise be available to it in

--- Page 69 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
57 
 
 
respect of the obligations evidenced by the Global Bearer 
Instrument; and 
(iii) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Instrument 
will operate as a good discharge against such holder and all 
previous holders of the Global Bearer Instrument. 
(d) 
Transfers of Registered Instruments 
One or more Registered Instruments may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) 
of the Certificate representing such Registered Instruments to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Certificate (or another form of transfer in substantially the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless 
otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed, and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require.  In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Instruments represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred 
shall be issued to the transferor.   
All transfers of Instruments and entries on the Register will be subject to 
and effected in accordance with the detailed regulations concerning 
transfers of Instruments scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval 
of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available by the Registrar to any Instrumentholder upon request. 
(e) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Master Condition 3(d) 
(Transfers of Registered Instruments) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of the surrender of the relevant Certificate 
together with the relevant form of transfer and relevant evidence required 
by the Registrar or Transfer Agent.   
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified Office of 
the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom 
delivery or surrender of such form of transfer or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer 
or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the 
holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar the costs of such other 
method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify.   
In this Master Condition 3(e), “business day” means a day, other than a 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place

--- Page 70 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
58 
 
 
of the Specified Office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as 
the case may be). 
(f) 
Transfers free of charge 
Transfers of Instruments and Certificates pursuant to Master Condition 
3(d) (Transfers of Registered Instruments) shall be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, 
but upon payment of any Tax that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent 
may require). 
(g) 
Closed periods 
No Instrumentholder may require the transfer of a Registered Instrument 
to be registered: (i) during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the 
Maturity Date, or the due date for payment of any Instalment Amount in 
respect of that Instrument; (ii) after the occurrence of any Early 
Redemption Notice Date and/or any Liquidation Event in relation to such 
Instrument; or (iii) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date. 
(h) 
Void transfer and forced transfer  
If ‘Void Transfer’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, then any 
transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest 
in an Instrument to a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor 
shall be deemed to be void ab initio and of no legal effect.  Accordingly, 
any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in 
an Instrument in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a 
legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Instrument. 
If ‘Forced Transfer’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, then 
at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership 
interest in an Instrument is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee or a 
Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer shall give notice to the Trustee, the 
Custodian and the Calculation Agent and shall have the right to require 
such Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to sell such 
interest to (i) the Arranger or to any of its Affiliates (to the extent permitted 
by applicable law) or (ii) a person who is neither a Non-Permitted 
Transferee nor a Benefit Plan Investor, in each case, at a price equal to 
the lowest of:  
(I) 
the purchase price paid for such interest by such Non-Permitted 
Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor; 
(II) 
the principal amount of such interest; and 
(III) 
the fair market value of such interest,  
in each case, less any costs or expenses incurred by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in connection with such sale.  Pending such sale, the Issuer shall

--- Page 71 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
59 
 
 
be entitled to cease to make any payments in respect of Instruments held 
by a Non-Permitted Transferee or a Benefit Plan Investor. 
 
 
 
4. 
Constitution, status 
and collateral 
(a) 
Constitution and status of Instruments 
The Instruments are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed.  The 
Instruments (which are subject to the provisions of the Securitisation 
Law) are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times 
ranking pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
secured in the manner described in Master Condition 5(a) (Transaction 
Security) and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner 
described in Master Conditions 12 (Enforcement of Transaction Security 
and rights), 13 (Application of proceeds) and 14 (Limited recourse and 
non-petition). 
(b) 
Collateral 
In connection with the issue of the Instruments, the Issuer may acquire 
rights, title and/or interests in and to the Collateral.  The Underlying 
Collateral shall be as specified in the Series Terms.   
(c) 
Counterparty Agreements 
In addition or in the alternative to its acquisition of rights, title and/or 
interests in and to the Collateral, the Issuer may enter into a Swap 
Agreement and/or a Repo Agreement and/or a Securities Lending 
Agreement and/or an Other Counterparty Agreement with respect to the 
Instruments as specified in the Series Terms relating to the Instruments. 
(d) 
Credit Support Annex 
If ‘Credit Support Annex’ is specified as applicable in the Final Terms or 
the Series Terms then the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex 
under the Swap Agreement pursuant to which the Issuer shall, if required 
in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex, transfer some 
or all of the Collateral to the Swap Counterparty.  Collateral transferred 
by the Issuer pursuant to the Credit Support Annex will be deemed to be 
released by the Trustee from the Transaction Security described in 
Master Condition 5(a) (Transaction Security) immediately prior to the 
delivery or transfer of such Collateral by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty. 
 
 
 
5. 
Security 
(a) 
Transaction Security 
The Trust Deed provides that the Secured Payment Obligations are 
secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the other 
Secured Creditors, unless otherwise provided therein, by:

--- Page 72 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
60 
 
 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over the Collateral and all property, income, 
sums and assets derived therefrom from time to time; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title 
and interest attaching to or in respect of the Collateral and all 
property, income, sums or other assets derived therefrom, 
including, without limitation, any right to delivery thereof or to an 
equivalent number or nominal value thereof which arises in 
connection with any such assets being held in a clearing system 
or through a financial intermediary; 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under the Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under each Counterparty Agreement (without prejudice 
to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting provision 
contained in such Counterparty Agreement(s)); 
(v) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under any and every Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Agreement; 
(vi) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under any and every Replacement Swap Agreement 
(without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual 
netting provision contained in the Replacement Swap 
Agreement); 
(vii) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under the Custody Agreement; 
(viii) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under the Calculation Agency Agreement; 
(ix) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title and 
interest under the Disposal Agency Agreement; 
(x) 
a first fixed charge over: 
(1) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or any 
Paying Agent and/or the Custodian to meet payments due in 
respect of any Secured Payment Obligation; and 
(2) all sums, money, securities or other property received or 
receivable under any and every Counterparty Agreement; 
(xi) 
a first fixed charge over all sums standing to the credit of the 
Series Reserve Account;

--- Page 73 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
61 
 
 
(xii) 
a first fixed charge over all property, sums and assets held or 
received by the Disposal Agent relating to the Transaction 
Documents and the Collateral; and 
(xiii) 
if at any time the Collateral has not been delivered to the 
Custodian (or, if so specified in the Purchase Agreement, any 
sub-custodian) to be held on behalf of the Issuer as provided in 
the Purchase Agreement, (1) an assignment by way of security 
of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Purchase 
Agreement, and (2) a first fixed charge over all sums, money, 
securities or other property received or receivable by or on 
behalf of the Issuer under the Purchase Agreement. 
If any Agent is replaced or an additional Agent appointed in accordance 
with the terms of the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Calculation Agency Agreement and/or the Disposal Agency Agreement 
(as applicable), then the security interests described above shall extend 
to all rights, title and interest of the Issuer against such replacement or 
additional Agent under the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
the Calculation Agency Agreement and/or the Disposal Agency 
Agreement (as applicable). 
The Constituting Document may provide that different security 
arrangements apply to the Instruments and/or that Secured Payment 
Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a Security 
Document other than the Trust Deed. 
As further provided in the Trust Deed, the Transaction Security shall be 
released automatically, without the need for any notice or other 
formalities, to the extent required for the Issuer to be able to duly make 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Instruments and/or under any 
Counterparty Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
is due and payable or deliverable, or in connection with the purchase of 
Instruments or as otherwise provided for under the Terms and 
Conditions or the Transaction Documents in respect of the Instruments. 
(b) 
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Collateral 
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Mortgaged 
Property, except with the prior written consent of the Trustee or as 
instructed by an Extraordinary Resolution.  If any such consent or 
instruction is given then, subject to the remainder of this Master 
Condition 5(b), the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such consent 
or instruction, unless the instruction from the Instrumentholders would 
require the Issuer to take action that is illegal or practically impossible. 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to give the Designated 
Counterparty not less than five Business Days’ notice (with a copy to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and each Counterparty) of any proposal 
or request to the Issuer for the Issuer to exercise any rights with respect 
to the Mortgaged Property (a “Proposed Exercise of Rights”) and shall 
notify the Designated Counterparty of the date by which the Issuer is

--- Page 74 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
62 
 
 
entitled to exercise its rights (the “Proposed Exercise of Rights Cut-
off Date”).  
If the Designated Counterparty determines that such Proposed Exercise 
of Rights relates to a Counterparty Reserved Matter, then the 
Designated Counterparty may, within five Business Days of being 
notified by the Issuer of such Proposed Exercise of Rights, provide a 
Counterparty Reserved Matter Veto Notice to the Issuer (with a copy to 
the Trustee and the Calculation Agent). Following receipt by the Issuer 
of a Counterparty Reserved Matter Veto Notice, the Issuer shall not 
proceed with such Proposed Exercise of Rights and shall have no 
responsibility to Instrumentholders in respect of the same. If the 
Designated Counterparty either:  
(i) 
confirms in writing to the Issuer (with a copy to the Trustee and 
the Calculation Agent) that it will not provide a Counterparty 
Reserved Matter Veto Notice in respect of a Proposed Exercise 
of Rights; or 
(ii) 
has not provided to the Issuer a Counterparty Reserved Matter 
Veto Notice by close of business on the Business Day 
immediately preceding the Proposed Exercise of Rights Cut-off 
Date, 
then, provided that the prior written consent of the Trustee, or instruction 
by Extraordinary Resolution in relation to the same has been given in 
accordance with the first paragraph of this Master Condition 5(b), the 
Issuer shall proceed with such Proposed Exercise of Rights. 
If the Issuer complies with this Master Condition 5(b), then it shall not be 
responsible for consequences of any action or inaction resulting 
therefrom, including in respect of any delay in acting on any Proposed 
Exercise of Rights.  For the avoidance of doubt, no such consent or 
instruction is required and no Counterparty Reserved Matter Veto Notice 
may be provided in connection with any automatic release of the 
Transaction Security. 
(c) 
Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event 
Notwithstanding the above, following the delivery of a valid Early 
Redemption Notice to the Disposal Agent, the Disposal Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer shall have the right to undertake any action as contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions and the Disposal Agency Agreement as it 
considers appropriate, and any actions in furtherance thereof or ancillary 
thereto as they relate to the relevant Mortgaged Property, without 
requiring any approval or sanction from the Trustee or the Issuer.   
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, after the delivery of a valid Early 
Redemption Notice to the Disposal Agent, the Transaction Security 
described in Master Condition 5(a) (Transaction Security) will 
automatically be released without further action on the part of the Trustee 
to the extent necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation 
of the relevant Mortgaged Property, provided that nothing in this Master

--- Page 75 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
63 
 
 
Condition 5(c) will operate to release the charges and other security 
interests over the proceeds of the Liquidation of the Mortgaged Property 
or over any Mortgaged Property not subject to such Liquidation. 
(d) 
Application of proceeds following enforcement of Transaction 
Security 
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents, 
with effect from the date on which any Enforcement Notice is delivered 
by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the 
Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Transaction 
Security received by it under the Trust Deed on trust to apply them as 
they stand on each Trustee Application Date in accordance with Master 
Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds) below. 
 
 
 
6. 
Restrictions 
The Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed to certain restrictions on its activities and 
on the conduct of its business. These restrictions apply for so long as any 
Instrument remains outstanding, unless the prior consent in writing of the Trustee 
(which the Trustee may give if it is of the opinion that to give such consent would 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of Instrumentholders) and the 
Designated Counterparty has been given, and except as provided for or 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
 
 
 
7. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Instruments 
If the ‘Interest Basis’ of an Instrument is specified in the Series Terms to 
be ‘Fixed Rate’, such Instrument bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided 
that, if the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
Series Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, such Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount shall be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Master Condition 7(g) (Interest Payable). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Instruments 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: If the ‘Interest Basis’ of an Instrument 
is specified in the Series Terms to be ‘Floating Rate’, such 
Instrument bears interest on its outstanding principal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Master Condition 7(g) (Interest payable).

--- Page 76 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
64 
 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Instruments: If the ‘Interest 
Basis’ of an Instrument is specified in the Series Terms to be 
’Floating Rate’, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Instrument for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
in accordance with the interest amount or formula for its 
calculation specified in the Series Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: If ‘ISDA Determination’ is specified in the 
Series Terms as the applicable manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the sum of the relevant ISDA Rate and 
the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(iii), the “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Series 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the 
Series Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the date specified in the 
Series Terms. 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(iii), “Floating 
Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Swap Transaction”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have 
the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination: If ‘Screen Rate Determination’ is 
specified in the Series Terms as the applicable manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the sum of the relevant 
Screen Rate and the Margin. 
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(b)(iv), the “Screen 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period shall be: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Page 
as at either 11:00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest

--- Page 77 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
65 
 
 
Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that:   
(A) 
if five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations; 
(B) 
if the Page is not available, or if paragraph (1) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Page, or if paragraph (2) above applies and fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Page, in 
each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal London 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  
lf two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the sum of the Margin and the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(C) 
if paragraph (B) above applies and the Calculation 
Agent determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the sum 
of the Margin and the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter- bank market, as the case may be, or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the

--- Page 78 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
66 
 
 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
(though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Instruments is specified as being other than LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Instruments 
shall be determined as provided in the Series Terms. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: If ‘Linear Interpolation’ is specified as 
applicable in the Series Terms, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, based on Linear Interpolation, the Rate of Interest 
for any specified Interest Accrual Period (or, if no Interest 
Accrual Period is specified, each Interest Accrual Period not 
equal to the Specified Duration specified as applicable in the 
Series Terms, ignoring any adjustment made in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention). 
(vi) 
Acknowledgement: If, in respect of a Series, the definition, 
methodology or formula for a Reference Rate or Floating Rate 
Option, or other means of calculating such Reference Rate or 
Floating Rate Option, is changed, then, unless otherwise 
specified in the Series Terms, references to that Reference 
Rate or Floating Rate Option shall be to the Reference Rate or 
Floating Rate Option as changed. 
(c) 
Interest on Variable Rate Instruments 
If the ‘Interest Basis’ of an Instrument is specified in the Series Terms to 
be ‘Variable Rate’, then the Series Terms and/or the applicable Product

--- Page 79 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
67 
 
 
Supplement will specify the method of calculating the amount of interest 
(if any) that will be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Interest on Pass-Through Interest Instruments 
If the ‘Interest Basis’ of an Instrument is specified in the Series Terms to 
be ‘Pass-Through Interest’, then the amount of interest (if any) that will 
be payable on each Interest Payment Date will be equal to the product 
of the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount, as determined 
in accordance with this Master Condition 7(d), and the Calculation 
Amount Factor and shall be subject to a minimum of zero.  
For the purposes of this Master Condition 7(d) the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Interest Payment Date 
shall be equal to the amount of interest actually received by the Issuer in 
respect of the Underlying Collateral or the Related Underlying Collateral 
Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Payment Date multiplied 
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Calculation Amount and the 
denominator of which is the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts of all 
Instruments outstanding. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Instruments 
If the ‘Interest Basis’ of an Instrument is specified in the Series Terms to 
be ‘Zero Coupon’ then if such Instrument is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Default Redemption Amount (as applicable).  As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such an Instrument shall 
be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) specified in the Series 
Terms. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Instrument on the due date for 
redemption save that if, upon due presentation, payment of the full 
amount of principal and/or interest due on such due date for redemption 
is improperly withheld or refused, interest will accrue daily on the unpaid 
amount of principal and/or interest (after as well as before judgment and 
regardless of the ‘Interest Basis’) from and including the due date for 
redemption to but excluding the Relevant Date at: 
(i) 
the overnight rate for deposits in the currency in which the 
payment is due to be made as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner, or  
(ii) 
such other rate as may be specified for such purposes in the 
Series Terms.   
Such interest (the “Default Interest”) shall be compounded daily with 
respect to the overdue sum at the above rate.

--- Page 80 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
68 
 
 
(g) 
Interest payable 
The interest payable in respect of any Instrument for a relevant period 
shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
product of the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount, as 
determined in accordance with this Master Condition 7(g), and the 
Calculation Amount Factor of the relevant Instrument and shall be 
subject to a minimum of zero.  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Instrument for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product 
of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count 
Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or 
a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, 
in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Instrument for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula).   
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.   
In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated. 
In respect of Fixed Rate Instruments, interest may be payable annually, 
semi-annually, quarterly, monthly or weekly in arrears. 
(h) 
Reference Rate Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has 
occurred, it will give notice of such determination to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Counterparty (if any), the 
Registrar and the Instrumentholders (which notice the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on without further enquiry or investigation). At any point 
following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation 
Agent may (or, following the occurrence of a Mandatory Reference Rate 
Event, shall) take the following actions:  
(i) 
if the tenor of the Reference Rate is no longer available, the 
Calculation Agent shall, subject to the prior consent of the 
Designated Counterparty, apply the interpolation determination. 
Where the Calculation Agent elects to apply interpolation 
determination, the Reference Rate shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the tenor of the 
original Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option (as the case

--- Page 81 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
69 
 
 
may be) and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the tenor of the original Reference 
Rate or Floating Rate Option (as the case may be); 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate may not be determined by the application 
of the interpolation determination pursuant to (i) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement 
Reference Rate. 
(iii) 
if “Reference Rate Redemption Event” is specified as 
applicable and, after using reasonable efforts to do so, the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Replacement 
Reference Rate in accordance with (ii) above, or determines 
that no amendments and/or adjustments can be made to the 
terms of the Instruments and any provisions of the Transaction 
Documents as contemplated in paragraph (i)(2) of Master 
Condition 7(i) (Reference Rate Fallbacks), then the Instruments 
may be redeemed early pursuant to Master Condition 9(c) 
(Consequences of Early Redemption Events). 
In determining whether a Reference Rate Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will act in a commercially reasonable manner and it 
may, but is not obliged to, refer to any publicly available information and 
pronouncements from regulators or industry bodies. 
In the event that any relevant event or circumstance would be both a 
Reference Rate Event and a Benchmark Event, then the Calculation 
Agent may in its discretion determine whether to apply the provisions set 
out in this Master Condition 7(h) or the provisions set out in Master 
Condition 9(d)(vii) (Provisions relating to Benchmark Events) in relation 
to the relevant event or circumstance. 
(i) 
Reference Rate Fallbacks 
Upon identification of a Replacement Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Counterparty (if any), the Registrar 
and the Instrumentholders of: 
(1) 
such Replacement Reference Rate; and 
(2) 
the modifications to the Instruments and Transaction 
Documents in respect of such Series to account for the 
effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Replacement Adjustment Spread) and/or to preserve 
to the extent practicable the economic equivalence of 
the Instruments prior to such replacement of the 
Reference Rate; and

--- Page 82 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
70 
 
 
(ii) 
the Trustee and Agents shall be bound to concur with any 
modifications referred to in this Master Condition 7(i) at the 
expense of the Issuer and without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders, provided that (i) they have received a 
certificate, on which they can rely without liability, from the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent stating that such modifications 
are necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect 
of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Replacement Adjustment 
Spread) and/or to preserve to the extent practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Instruments prior to such 
replacement of the Reference Rate, (ii) the Trustee and the 
Agents are satisfied (as applicable and, in each case, acting 
reasonably) that such amendments do not impose unduly 
onerous additional obligations on the Trustee or the Agents (as 
applicable) than existed prior to the making of such 
amendments, and (iii) provided that the Trustee and the Agents 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
their satisfaction. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall 
not be liable to the Instrumentholders or any other person for so 
acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any 
such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any such person. 
(iii) 
notwithstanding any term to the contrary, the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, and the Registrar shall, 
subject to the rights and protections set out in the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable), take such 
actions, without the consent of the Instrumentholders or the 
Trustee but subject to the prior consent of the Designated 
Counterparty (including for the execution of any documents, 
amendments or other steps by the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (if required)), as the 
Calculation Agent considers necessary or appropriate to effect 
such modifications to the Instruments and Transaction 
Documents in respect of such Series. 
In selecting a Replacement Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent will 
act in a commercially reasonable manner and it may, but is not obliged 
to, take into account its internal models and policies, any industry 
developments and market consensus. 
No liability shall attach to the Issuer, the Designated Counterparty, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar for any 
determination or non-determination of the Calculation Agent or 
modification to the Transaction Documents in respect of such Series so 
made in accordance with this Master Condition 7(i). 
If any changes are required to a Counterparty Agreement corresponding 
to any modifications made in accordance with this Master Condition 7(i), 
they shall be implemented in accordance with the terms of such 
Counterparty Agreement and, accordingly, they shall be subject to the 
relevant Counterparty’s consent.

--- Page 83 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
71 
 
 
Any modifications made in accordance with this Master Condition will be 
binding on the Instrumentholders and the Couponholders and shall be 
notified to the Instrumentholders as soon as is practicable. 
8. 
Scheduled 
redemption and 
purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased or cancelled, each Instrument 
shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date at its Final 
Redemption Amount or, in the case of Instruments falling within (i) 
Master Condition 8(b) (Redemption by instalments), its final Instalment 
Amount, or (ii) Master Condition 8(c) (Underlying Collateral Amortisation 
redemption), its final Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption 
Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
Each Instalment Instrument shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at its related Instalment Amount, provided that no Early 
Redemption Notice Date or Early Redemption Date has occurred 
pursuant to any other Condition.  The outstanding principal amount of 
each such Instrument shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the principal amount of such Instrument, such proportion) 
for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless 
payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Date relating to such Instalment Amount.  
(c) 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation redemption 
If ‘Underlying Collateral Amortisation’ is specified as applicable in the 
Series Terms, then provided that no Early Redemption Notice Date or 
Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other Condition, if 
any Underlying Collateral is redeemed in part in accordance with its 
terms and the schedule set out in those terms, then each Instrument 
shall be partially redeemed on the corresponding Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation Redemption Date at its related Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation Redemption Amount.   
The outstanding principal amount of each such Instrument shall be 
reduced by a proportion of the principal amount of such Instrument, 
equal to the proportion of the Underlying Collateral that was redeemed 
pursuant to this Master Condition 8(c) with effect from the related 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Date, unless payment of 
the Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation Redemption Amount. 
(d) 
Purchases 
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for 
the proposed purchase of one or more Instruments, for the realisation of

--- Page 84 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
72 
 
 
an amount of Collateral and/or for corresponding adjustments to be 
made to each Counterparty Agreement for the purposes of effecting the 
proposed purchase, in each case in a proportion no greater than the 
proportion that the Instruments to be purchased bear to all Instruments 
outstanding, which transactions will leave the Issuer with no assets or 
net liabilities in respect thereof, the Issuer may purchase Instruments 
(provided that in the case of Bearer Instruments, all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any 
price. 
(e) 
Cancellation 
All Instruments purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be 
surrendered for cancellation: 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Instruments, by surrendering each such 
Instrument together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Instruments, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Instruments to or to the order of 
the Registrar, 
and, in each case, shall, together with all Instruments redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith).   
Any Instruments so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Instruments shall be discharged.   
Cancellation of any Instrument represented by a Global Instrument 
(other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
principal amount of the relevant Global Instrument. 
(f) 
Optional redemption – Issuer Call Option 
If ‘Issuer Call Option’ is specified as applicable in the relevant Series 
Terms, the Issuer may elect that all of the Instruments be redeemed on 
the Optional Redemption Exercise Date.  In order to so elect, the Issuer 
(or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied by 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Optional 
Redemption Exercise Notice and directed to do so) shall give the 
Optional Redemption Exercise Notice to the Instrumentholders (with a 
copy to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and each Counterparty) prior 
to such Optional Redemption Exercise Date as specified in the 
Constituting Document. Upon delivering such Optional Redemption 
Exercise Notice, the Issuer shall redeem all of the Instruments at their 
Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date 
specified in such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time

--- Page 85 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
73 
 
 
prior to the redemption of the Instruments pursuant to this Master 
Condition 8(f), an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Optional 
Redemption Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Master Condition 8(f), 
shall be deemed to be void and the Instruments shall be redeemed 
pursuant to the provisions of Master Conditions 9 (Early redemption). 
 
 
 
9. 
Early redemption 
(a) 
Early Redemption Events and Determining Party 
Each of the events set out in the tables below will, if specified as 
applicable in the Series Terms, be an “Early Redemption Event” in 
respect of the Series to which such Series Terms relate. The 
Determining Party for each Early Redemption Event will be the party 
specified alongside such Early Redemption Event in the tables below, 
unless a different party is specified in the Series Terms.  
Collateral-related Early Redemption Events: 
Early Redemption Event 
Determining Party 
Settlement Failure Event 
Calculation Agent 
Collateral Event 
Calculation Agent 
Value Trigger Event 
Calculation Agent 
Tax-related Early Redemption Events: 
Early Redemption Event 
Determining Party 
Underlying Collateral Tax Event (unless an 
Instrumentholder 
Tax 
Continuation 
Election is made pursuant to Master 
Condition 9(d)(iii) below) 
Calculation Agent 
Instrument 
Tax 
Event 
(unless 
an 
Instrumentholder 
Tax 
Continuation 
Election is made pursuant to Master 
Condition 9(d)(ii) below) 
Calculation Agent 
Issuer 
Tax 
Event 
(unless 
an 
Instrumentholder 
Tax 
Continuation 
Election is made pursuant to Master 
Condition 9(d)(iv) below) 
Calculation Agent 
Counterparty, Arranger and Agent-related Early Redemption 
Events: 
Early Redemption Event 
Determining Party 
Swap Termination Event 
Calculation 
Agent, 
unless 
the 
Swap

--- Page 86 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
74 
 
 
Counterparty 
is 
a 
Defaulting 
Party 
(as 
defined in the Swap 
Agreement), in which 
case, the Issuer 
Repo Agreement Termination Event 
Calculation 
Agent, 
unless 
the 
Repo 
Counterparty 
is 
a 
Defaulting 
Party 
(as 
defined in the Repo 
Agreement), in which 
case, the Issuer 
Securities Lending Agreement Termination 
Event  
Calculation 
Agent, 
unless 
the 
SL 
Counterparty 
is 
a 
Defaulting 
Party 
(as 
defined in the Securities 
Lending Agreement), in 
which case, the Issuer 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure 
Event 
Issuer 
Agent Replacement Failure Event 
Issuer 
Arranger Event 
Issuer 
Series Reserve Account Balance Event  
Issuer 
Other Early Redemption Events: 
Early Redemption Event 
Determining Party 
Illegality Event 
Calculation Agent 
Regulatory Redemption Event  
Calculation Agent 
Benchmark Redemption Event 
Calculation Agent 
Reference Rate Redemption Event 
Calculation Agent 
Product Supplement Redemption Event 
The party specified as 
such in the applicable 
Product Supplement 
Additional Redemption Event 
Calculation Agent

--- Page 87 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
75 
 
 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption Event determination 
Promptly following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event in 
respect of any Series, the Determining Party in respect of such Early 
Redemption Event may (in the case of an Early Redemption Event in 
respect of which ‘Determining Party Option’ is specified in the Series 
Terms to be applicable) and shall (in the case of an Early Redemption 
Event in respect of which ‘Determining Party Option’ is specified in the 
Series Terms to be not applicable) give notice of such Early Redemption 
Event in respect of that Series, including a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to such determination, to the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and each 
Counterparty (an “Early Redemption Event Determination Notice”).   
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Issuer is specified as a Determining 
Party in respect of any Early Redemption Event then, in respect of the 
Issuer only, the ‘Determining Party Option’ shall be deemed to be not 
applicable and the Issuer must provide an Early Redemption Event 
Determination Notice in accordance with this Master Condition 9(b) 
within two Business Days of becoming aware of the occurrence of the 
relevant Early Redemption Event. 
(c) 
Consequences of Early Redemption Events 
If the Issuer either receives or sends an Early Redemption Event 
Determination Notice pursuant to Master Condition 9(b) (Early 
Redemption Event determination) in respect of a Series, then: 
(i) 
as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within the 
Early Redemption Notification Period applicable to such Early 
Redemption Event commencing on (and including) the Early 
Redemption Event Determination Date, the Issuer (or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf, having been supplied 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent with the relevant Early 
Redemption Notice and directed to do so) shall give an Early 
Redemption Notice to the Instrumentholders and the Disposal 
Agent (with a copy to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and 
each Counterparty) of the determination of the Early 
Redemption Event in respect of that Series, by forwarding with 
such Early Redemption Notice a copy of the related Early 
Redemption Event Determination Notice; and 
(ii) 
each Instrument in the relevant Series shall become due and 
payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Cash 
Redemption Amount (or, if Master Condition 9(g) (Physical 
redemption procedure) applies, all Instruments of the relevant 
Series shall become due for redemption by delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Amount), the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount shall be the only amount payable or deliverable and 
there will be no separate payment or delivery in respect of any

--- Page 88 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
76 
 
 
unpaid accrued interest thereon, irrespective of whether the 
relevant Early Redemption Event is then continuing, 
provided in each case that no Early Redemption Notice Date or Early 
Redemption Date has occurred previously in respect of the relevant 
Series.  
If at the time that an Early Redemption Notice is provided to 
Instrumentholders in respect of a Series in accordance with Master 
Condition 9(c)(i) there is no Disposal Agent in respect of that Series, then 
if a replacement Disposal Agent is subsequently appointed pursuant to 
Clause 1(c) (Replacement of Agent) of the Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex, the Issuer shall provide a copy of such Early 
Redemption Notice to such replacement Disposal Agent (if any) upon its 
appointment as Disposal Agent. 
Without prejudice to the obligation of any party specified as a 
Determining Party in respect of any Early Redemption Event, none of the 
Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents shall be required to monitor, enquire or 
satisfy themselves as to whether any Early Redemption Event has 
occurred in respect of any Series, and each of the Trustee and the 
Agents shall be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred in 
respect of any Series unless and until such party is notified in writing to 
the contrary. Neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall have any 
obligation, responsibility or liability for giving or not giving any notice 
thereof to the Issuer or any Secured Creditor. The Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely conclusively on any notice validly received by it pursuant 
to Master Conditions 9(b) (Early Redemption Event determination) and 
9(c) (Consequences of Early Redemption Events) without further 
investigation. 
(d) 
Additional provisions relating to specific Early Redemption Events 
(i) 
Additional provisions relating to Collateral Events: If the 
Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may, with 
the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, constitute a 
Collateral Event (a “Potential Collateral Event”), no payment 
of principal or interest shall be made by the Issuer in respect of 
the Instruments during the period from and including the day of 
such determination (the “Suspension Determination Date”), 
to and including the day falling 15 Business Days after the 
Suspension Determination Date (the “Suspension Period”).   
If, at any time during the Suspension Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Collateral Event has occurred, then the 
provisions of Master Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption Event 
determination) and 9(c) (Consequences of Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply.   
If, on the final Business Day of the Suspension Period, no such 
determination has been made, then all amounts of principal and 
interest that would otherwise have been payable in respect of 
the Instruments shall be payable by the Issuer on the second

--- Page 89 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
77 
 
 
Business Day after the final day of the Suspension Period.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the circumstances giving rise to a Potential 
Collateral Event have been remedied or have ceased to exist 
prior to the end of the Suspension Period in circumstances 
where no related Collateral Event has occurred (the date of 
such determination, a “Suspension Cancellation Event 
Date”), then all amounts of principal and interest that would 
otherwise have been payable in respect of the Instruments shall 
be payable by the Issuer on the second Business Day following 
the Suspension Cancellation Event Date.  
Instrumentholders and Couponholders shall not be entitled to 
any further payment as a result of any postponement pursuant 
to this Master Condition 9(d).  
Promptly after making any determination pursuant to this 
Master Condition 9(d)(i), the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and each 
Counterparty of the same.  Upon receipt by the Issuer of any 
such notice from the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Master 
Condition 9(d)(i), the Issuer shall procure that a copy of such 
notice is provided to Instrumentholders. 
(ii) 
Additional provisions relating to Instrument Tax Events:  
For the avoidance of doubt, an Instrumentholder-related Tax 
Event shall not constitute an Instrument Tax Event, and in the 
event of an Instrumentholder-related Tax Event, the Issuer shall 
make the relevant Tax Deductions from the amount(s) payable 
to such Instrumentholder or Couponholder as required by 
Applicable Law as a result of such Instrumentholder-related Tax 
Event  and any such Tax Deduction shall not constitute an Event 
of Default under Master Condition 11 (Events of Default), a 
Liquidation Event under Master Condition 10 (Liquidation) or an 
Enforcement Event under Master Condition 12 (Enforcement of 
Transaction Security and rights). 
While any Global Instrument is held on behalf of a Clearing 
System, the Issuer may have regard to any information provided 
by such Clearing System as to the identity of its accountholders 
having entitlements to such Global Instrument and may 
consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
Instrumentholders for the purpose of determining if an 
Instrument Tax Event has arisen. 
If an Instrument Tax Event occurs in respect of a Series of 
Instruments, the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall 
promptly 
give 
notice 
of 
such 
occurrence 
to 
the 
Instrumentholders in respect of such Series specifying 
reasonable details of such Instrument Tax Event in so far as 
these are reasonably available to the Calculation Agent at such 
time, and shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the 
Issuer, each Counterparty, the Trustee and each Agent. Such 
notice shall indicate to Instrumentholders of such Series that

--- Page 90 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
78 
 
 
they have the option of making an Instrumentholder Tax 
Continuation Election in respect of such Series as set out below. 
If 100 per cent. of the Instrumentholders in respect of that Series 
give notice to the Issuer (copied to the Calculation  Agent, each 
Counterparty, the Trustee and each Agent) that they elect for 
such Series of Instruments to continue notwithstanding such 
Instrument Tax Event within 15 Business Days of the date of 
such notification by the Calculation Agent that such Instrument 
Tax Event has occurred (an “Instrumentholder Tax 
Continuation Election”), then such Instrument Tax Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred in respect of such Series, and 
the Issuer shall make payments under such Series of 
Instruments subject to the relevant Tax Deductions required by 
Applicable Law.  In such event, no Early Redemption Notice 
Date shall occur in respect of such Series and such Series of 
Instruments shall not be redeemed as a result of such 
Instrument Tax Event. Any such Tax Deduction shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Master Condition 11 
(Events of Default), a Liquidation Event under Master Condition 
10 (Liquidation) or an Enforcement Event under Master 
Condition 12 (Enforcement of Transaction Security and rights). 
If the relevant Series of Instruments are listed on any stock 
exchange, then the Issuer shall procure that notice of any such 
Instrumentholder Tax Continuation Election shall be provided to 
such stock exchange and, if required by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange, published on the website of such stock 
exchange. 
(iii) 
Additional provisions relating to Underlying Collateral Tax 
Events: If an Underlying Collateral Tax Event occurs in respect 
of a Series of Instruments, the Calculation Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer shall promptly give notice of such occurrence to the 
Instrumentholders in respect of such Series specifying 
reasonable details of such Underlying Collateral Tax Event in 
so far as these are reasonably available to the Calculation 
Agent at such time, and shall provide a copy of such notice to 
each of the Issuer, each Counterparty, the Trustee and each 
Agent. Such notice shall indicate to Instrumentholders of such 
Series that they have the option of making an Instrumentholder 
Tax Continuation Election in respect of such Series as set out 
below. 
If 100 per cent. of the Instrumentholders in respect of that Series 
give notice to the Issuer (copied to the Calculation  Agent, each 
Counterparty, the Trustee and each Agent) that they elect for 
such Series of Instruments to continue notwithstanding such 
Underlying Collateral Tax Event within 15 Business Days of the 
date of such notification by the Calculation Agent that such 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Tax 
Event 
has 
occurred 
(an 
“Instrumentholder Tax Continuation Election”), then such 
Underlying Collateral Tax Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of such Series, and the aggregate amounts

--- Page 91 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
79 
 
 
payable under such Series of Instruments shall be reduced by 
any amounts of Tax withheld or deducted (or to be withheld or 
deducted) from payments received by the Issuer under the 
Underlying Collateral. In such event, no Early Redemption 
Notice Date shall occur and the relevant Series of Instruments 
shall not be redeemed as a result of such Underlying Collateral 
Tax Event, and any such reduction in amounts payable under 
such Series of Instruments shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under Master Condition 11 (Events of Default), a 
Liquidation Event under Master Condition 10 (Liquidation) or an 
Enforcement Event under Master Condition 12 (Enforcement of 
Transaction Security and rights). 
If the relevant Series of Instruments is listed on any stock 
exchange, then the Issuer shall procure that notice of any such 
election made by the Instrumentholders shall be provided to 
such stock exchange and, if required by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange, published on the website of such stock 
exchange. 
(iv) 
Additional provisions relating to Issuer Tax Events: If an 
Issuer Tax Event occurs in respect of a Series of Instruments, 
the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall promptly give 
notice to the Instrumentholders of such occurrence specifying 
reasonable details of such Issuer Tax Event in so far as these 
are reasonably available to the Calculation Agent at such time, 
and shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Issuer, 
each Counterparty, the Trustee and each Agent. Such notice 
shall indicate to Instrumentholders of such Series that they have 
the option of making an Instrumentholder Tax Continuation 
Election in respect of such Series as set out below.  
If 100 per cent. of the Instrumentholders in respect of that Series 
give notice to the Issuer (copied to the Calculation  Agent, each 
Counterparty, the Trustee and each Agent) that they elect for 
such Series of Instruments to continue notwithstanding such 
Issuer Tax Event within 15 Business Days of the date of such 
notification by the Calculation Agent that such Issuer Tax Event 
has occurred (an “Instrumentholder Tax Continuation 
Election”), then such Issuer Tax Event shall be deemed not to 
have occurred in respect of such Series, and the aggregate 
amounts payable under such Series of Instruments shall be 
reduced by any amounts of Tax which the Issuer is or will 
become liable to pay to any authority in relation to such Issuer 
Tax Event. In such event, no Early Redemption Notice Date 
shall occur in respect of such Series and such Series of 
Instruments shall not be redeemed as a result of such Issuer 
Tax Event, and any such reduction in amounts payable under 
such Series of Instruments shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under Master Condition 11 (Events of Default), a 
Liquidation Event under Master Condition 10 (Liquidation) or an 
Enforcement Event under Master Condition 12 (Enforcement of 
Transaction Security and rights).

--- Page 92 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
80 
 
 
If the relevant Series of Instruments is listed on any stock 
exchange, then the Issuer shall procure that notice of any such 
election made by the Instrumentholders shall be provided to 
such stock exchange and, if required by the rules of the relevant 
stock exchange, published on the website of such stock 
exchange. 
(v) 
Additional provisions relating to Counterparty Events: 
Without 
prejudice 
to 
Clause 
2 
(Swap 
Counterparty 
Replacement) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex if, 
prior to the Maturity Date:  
(1) 
pursuant to the terms of any Counterparty Agreement 
the Issuer becomes aware of the occurrence of a 
Counterparty Event which is then continuing and one 
or more transactions under such Counterparty 
Agreement 
remain 
outstanding, 
and no 
Early 
Termination Date has already been designated or 
occurred in respect of all outstanding transactions 
under such Counterparty Agreement; and 
(2) 
no Early Redemption Notice Date or Early Redemption 
Date has occurred under any other Condition in 
respect of all Instruments outstanding,  
the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware 
of the same, notify the Instrumentholders, the Trustee and each 
Counterparty in writing of the same.  Following delivery of such 
notice from the Issuer, the Trustee shall, if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution and provided that the Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction and that no further Early Redemption Notice Date 
or Early Redemption Date has occurred pursuant to any other 
Condition, give notice to the Issuer that the Issuer is to exercise 
its right to terminate or designate an Early Termination Date in 
respect of all outstanding transactions under such Counterparty 
Agreement. 
Subject to the Issuer still having such right under such 
Counterparty Agreement, the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, take such steps as are necessary to 
terminate or designate an Early Termination Date in respect of 
all 
outstanding 
transactions 
under 
such 
Counterparty 
Agreement and shall then provide an Early Redemption Event 
Determination Notice in accordance with Master Condition 9(b) 
(Early Redemption Event determination) as if the Issuer were a 
Determining Party in respect of a Swap Termination Event, 
Repo Agreement Termination Event or a Securities Lending 
Agreement Termination Event, as applicable. 
(vi) 
Additional provisions relating to Regulatory Events: If the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Event and/or a 
Specified Regulatory Event, if ‘Specified Regulatory Event’ is 
stated to be applicable in the Series Terms, has occurred, it

--- Page 93 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
81 
 
 
shall give notice of such determination to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, each Counterparty and the Instrumentholders (which 
notice the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on without further 
enquiry or investigation), and: 
(1) 
the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable efforts to 
determine what amendments and/or adjustments, if 
any, can be made to the terms of the Instruments and 
any provisions of the Transaction Documents that:  
(A) 
would result in such Regulatory Event and/or 
Specified Regulatory Event (as applicable) 
ceasing to apply, 
(B) 
would not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of any Counterparty or of the 
Instrumentholders, and 
(C) 
would not result in any Counterparty incurring 
any increased costs in connection with the 
Instruments or related transactions; 
(2) 
the Issuer shall make such amendments and/or 
adjustments to the terms of the Instruments and any 
provisions of the Transaction Documents referred to in 
sub-paragraph (1) above as may be directed by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(3) 
if the Calculation Agent either: 
(A) 
after using reasonable efforts to do so is 
unable to make the determination in sub-
paragraph (1) above, or 
(B) 
determines that no amendments and/or 
adjustments can be made to the terms of the 
Instruments and any provisions of the 
Transaction Documents within 20 calendar 
days of the Issuer receiving notice of the 
Regulatory 
Event 
and/or 
Specified 
Regulatory Event (as applicable) that would 
(I) result in the Regulatory Event and/or 
Specified Regulatory Event (as applicable) 
ceasing to apply, (II) not be materially 
prejudicial 
to 
the 
interests 
of 
any 
Counterparty or of the Instrumentholders, 
and (III) not result in any Counterparty 
incurring any increased costs in connection 
with the Instruments or related transactions, 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such 
determination 
and 
notification 
of 
such

--- Page 94 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
82 
 
 
determination shall be a “Regulatory Redemption 
Event”. 
The Trustee and Agents shall be bound to concur (without 
requiring consent of the Instrumentholders) 
with any 
amendments referred to in this Master Condition 9(d)(vi), at the 
expense of the Issuer, provided that (i) they have received a 
certificate, on which they can rely without liability, from the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent stating that such amendments 
comply with the requirements of sub-paragraph (1) above, (ii) 
the Trustee and the Agents are satisfied (as applicable and, in 
each case, acting reasonably) that such amendments do not 
impose unduly onerous additional obligations on the Trustee or 
the Agents (as applicable) than existed prior to the making of 
such amendments, and (iii) provided that the Trustee and the 
Agents have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to their satisfaction. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be liable to the 
Instrumentholders or any other person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of any such person. 
Any modification made in accordance with this Master 
Condition will be binding on the Instrumentholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Instrumentholders 
as soon as practicable. 
(vi) 
Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events: If the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Event, if 
“Benchmark Event” is stated to be applicable in the Series 
Terms, has occurred, it shall give notice of such determination 
to the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the 
Instrumentholders (which notice the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on without further enquiry or investigation), and: 
(1) 
the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable effort to 
determine what amendments and/or adjustments, if 
any, can be made to the terms of the Instruments and 
any provisions of the Transaction Documents that 
would result in such Benchmark Event ceasing to 
apply or otherwise account for its impact on the 
Instruments; 
(2) 
the Issuer shall make such amendments and/or 
adjustments to the terms of the Instruments and any 
provisions of the Transaction Documents referred to in 
sub-paragraph (1) above as may be directed by the 
Calculation Agent without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders or the Trustee as it may determine 
appropriate to account for the relevant event or

--- Page 95 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
83 
 
 
circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments 
may: 
(A) 
consist of one or more amendments and/or 
be made on one or more dates; 
(B) 
be 
determined 
by 
reference 
to 
any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event 
or circumstance made in relation to any 
Transaction Document in respect of the 
Instruments; and 
(C) 
include selecting a successor benchmark(s) 
and making related adjustments to the 
Instruments or the Transaction Documents, 
including where applicable to reflect any increased 
costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the 
successor benchmark(s), and, in the case of more 
than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; 
(3) 
if the Calculation Agent either: 
(A) 
after using reasonable efforts to do so, is 
unable 
to 
determine 
the 
appropriate 
amendments 
and/or 
adjustments, 
in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, or 
(B) 
determines that no amendments and/or 
adjustments can be made to the terms of the 
Instruments and any provisions of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
that 
would 
appropriately account for the occurrence of 
the relevant Benchmark Event, 
notify the Issuer of such determination and notification of such 
determination shall be a “Benchmark Redemption Event”.The 
Trustee and Agents shall be bound to concur (without requiring 
consent of the Instrumentholders) with any amendments 
referred to in this Master Condition 9(d)(vii) at the expense of 
the Issuer, provided that, (i) they have received a certificate, on 
which they can rely without liability, from the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent stating that such amendments comply with 
the requirements of sub-paragraph (2) above, (ii) the Trustee 
and the Agents are satisfied (as applicable and, in each case, 
acting reasonably) that such amendments do not impose 
unduly onerous additional obligations on the Trustee or the 
Agents (as applicable) than existed prior to the making of such 
amendments, and (iii) provided that the Trustee and the Agents

--- Page 96 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
84 
 
 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
their satisfaction. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be liable to the 
Instrumentholders or any other person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of any such person. 
No liability shall attach to the Trustee or the Agents for any 
determination or non-determination of the Calculation Agent or 
modification to the Transaction Documents in respect of such 
Series so made in accordance with this Master Condition 
9(d)(vii). 
In determining whether a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent will act in a commercially reasonable manner 
and it may, but is not obliged to, refer to any publicly available 
information and pronouncements from regulators or industry 
bodies. 
Any modifications made in accordance with this Master 
Condition will be binding on the Instrumentholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Instrumentholders 
as soon as is practicable.  
If any changes are required to a Counterparty Agreement 
corresponding to any modifications made in accordance with 
this Master Condition 9(d)(vii), they shall be implemented in 
accordance with the terms of such Counterparty Agreement 
and, accordingly, they shall be subject to the relevant 
Counterparty’s consent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without 
prejudice, to any other terms of the Instruments, including 
without limitation, Master Condition 7(h) (Reference Rate 
Event) and 7(i) (Reference Rate fallbacks). In the event that 
under any such terms any other consequences could apply in 
relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a Benchmark 
Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine which terms shall 
apply acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amount 
The “Early Redemption Amount” will be the Early Cash Redemption 
Amount unless: 
(i) 
the Early Redemption Settlement Method is specified in the 
Series Terms to be “Instrumentholder Settlement Option”;

--- Page 97 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
85 
 
 
(ii) 
all 
outstanding 
Instruments 
are 
held 
by 
a 
Sole 
Instrumentholder; and 
(iii) 
the Sole Instrumentholder validly elects to receive the Physical 
Redemption Amount, 
in which case, the “Early Redemption Amount” will be the Physical 
Redemption Amount. 
(f) 
Instrumentholder Settlement Option procedure 
In order to validly elect to receive the Physical Redemption Amount, the 
Sole Instrumentholder must, by no later than the second Business Day 
following the related Early Redemption Notice (or such other period as 
may be notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent) (the “Settlement 
Option Cut-off Date”), deposit the Instruments together with a 
completed Exercise Notice, at the Specified Office of the Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent. The Sole Instrumentholder will not be entitled to any 
Physical Redemption Amount unless it has satisfied the Conditions to 
Delivery in respect of the delivery of such Physical Redemption Amount 
on or prior to the Settlement Option Cut-off Date. 
For as long as the Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument, 
the deposit of Instruments, together with an Exercise Notice, will be 
effected by presentation of the Global Instrument for cancellation.  For 
so long as the Instruments are held in any Clearing System, any 
communication from such Clearing System on behalf of the 
Instrumentholder containing the information required in an Exercise 
Notice will be treated as an Exercise Notice.   
If: 
(i) 
no valid settlement election is made by a Sole Instrumentholder 
by the Settlement Option Cut-off Date pursuant to this Master 
Condition 9(f); and/or 
(ii) 
the Conditions to Delivery are not satisfied by a Sole 
Instrumentholder on or prior to the Settlement Option Cut-off 
Date,  
then the Sole Instrumentholder will be deemed to have elected to receive 
the Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
(g) 
Physical redemption procedure 
If a valid election to receive the Physical Redemption Amount is made 
by a Sole Instrumentholder pursuant to Master Condition 9(f) 
(Instrumentholder Settlement Option procedure), then on or before the 
day falling one Business Day following the Settlement Option Cut-Off 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Physical Redemption

--- Page 98 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
86 
 
 
Amount deliverable to the Sole Instrumentholder and shall notify the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent of the same.   
Subject to the remainder of this Master Condition 9(g) the Issuer shall 
procure the delivery, on the date on which the Early Redemption Amount 
is due, of the Physical Redemption Amount to the Sole Instrumentholder 
in respect of all Instruments outstanding on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date, in accordance with the instructions contained in the 
related Exercise Notice. 
The records of the Issuing and Paying Agent will be conclusive evidence 
of any Sole Instrumentholder’s entitlement to a Physical Redemption 
Amount. 
References in the Terms and Conditions to satisfaction of obligations by payment 
of a Physical Redemption Amount shall be deemed to include satisfaction of those 
obligations by delivery of such Physical Redemption Amount. 
 
 
 
10. 
Liquidation 
(a) 
Liquidation process 
Subject to the remainder of this Master Condition 10(a), if pursuant to 
Master Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption Amount), the Early 
Redemption Amount is the Early Cash Redemption Amount, and: 
(i) 
the Disposal Agent receives a copy of an Early Redemption 
Notice, the Disposal Agent shall; or  
(ii) 
the Disposal Agent otherwise determines (in its sole and 
absolute discretion) that a Liquidation Event has occurred (and 
has so notified the Trustee and the Issuer in writing), the 
Disposal Agent may,  
in each case on behalf of the Issuer, so far as is practicable and to the 
extent that the relevant Collateral is outstanding, effect a Liquidation of 
the Collateral commencing on the Liquidation Commencement Date.   
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, the Disposal Agent shall not 
take any action in relation to an Early Redemption Notice if it has already 
received (i) an Early Redemption Notice in respect of the same or a prior 
Early Redemption Event or (ii) an Enforcement Notice from the Trustee. 
The Disposal Agent shall effect such Liquidation with a view to 
Liquidating all the Collateral on or prior to the Early Valuation Date.  The 
Disposal Agent and the Issuer shall have no liability if the Liquidation of 
all Collateral has not been effected by such date.  
If the Collateral has not been Liquidated in full on or prior to the Early 
Valuation Date, the Disposal Agent shall continue in its attempts to effect 
a Liquidation of the Collateral until such time (if any) as it is instructed by

--- Page 99 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
87 
 
 
the Issuer to the contrary or until it receives an Enforcement Notice from 
the Trustee. 
(b) 
General liquidation procedures 
The Disposal Agent may take such steps as it considers appropriate in 
order to effect any Liquidations, including but not limited to selecting the 
method of Liquidating any Collateral.   
The Disposal Agent must effect any Liquidation as soon as reasonably 
practicable within the available timeframe and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, even where a larger amount could possibly be 
received in respect of such Collateral if any such Liquidation were to be 
delayed.  Subject to such requirement, the Disposal Agent shall be 
entitled to effect any Liquidation by way of one or multiple transactions 
on a single or multiple day(s).   
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Master Condition 
5(c) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event), following the 
occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the Transaction Security shall be 
released without further action on the part of the Trustee to the extent 
necessary for the Disposal Agent to effect the Liquidation of the 
Collateral.  Nothing in this Master Condition 10(b) or Master Condition 
5(c) (Disposal Agent’s right following Liquidation Event) will operate to 
release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of the 
Liquidation of the Collateral.   
In determining whether or not to take any action as a result of its 
determination that a Liquidation Event has occurred, the Disposal Agent 
(i) shall have complete discretion, (ii) shall have no duty or obligation to 
the Issuer, any Instrumentholder or any other person to take any such 
action or make any such determination and (iii) shall not be liable for any 
such determination or decision or the timing thereof. 
The Disposal Agent shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, any 
Counterparty, the Instrumentholders, the Couponholders, holders of 
Receipts or any other person merely because a larger amount could 
have been received had any such Liquidation been delayed or had the 
Disposal Agent selected a different method of Liquidating any such 
Collateral.  
The Disposal Agent shall be entitled to rely on an Early Redemption 
Notice without investigation of whether the relevant Early Redemption 
Event has occurred.  
The terms on which the Disposal Agent is appointed by the Issuer, 
including limitations on the liability of the Disposal Agent, are set out in 
the Disposal Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Liquidation Expenses 
Liquidation Expenses shall be borne by the Issuer and the Disposal 
Agent is only required to remit the proceeds of such Liquidation net of

--- Page 100 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
88 
 
 
such Liquidation Expenses.  Where the Disposal Agent makes such net 
remittance to the Issuer but has itself received the relevant payment on 
a gross basis, the Disposal Agent has agreed to apply the relevant 
amount retained by it in payment of such Liquidation Expense. 
(d) 
Disclaimer of Trustee liability 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any notice given by the Issuer, 
the Disposal Agent or any other person in respect thereof without further 
enquiry or investigation.  The Trustee shall not incur any liability to any 
person in respect of any acts or omissions or the exercise of any 
discretion by the Disposal Agent.   
The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability for the automatic 
release of the Transaction Security described in Master Condition 10(b) 
(General liquidation procedures), for the performance or any failure or 
delay in the performance by the Disposal Agent under the Disposal 
Agency Agreement or the Terms and Conditions in relation to the 
Instruments or for the payment of any commissions or expenses charged 
by it or for any failure by the Disposal Agent to account for the proceeds 
of any Liquidation of Collateral in accordance with the Disposal Agency 
Agreement and the Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
 
11. 
Events of Default 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee at its discretion may, and 
if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (provided that the Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give 
notice to the Issuer, Instrumentholders and each Transaction Party that all of the 
Instruments shall become immediately due and payable at their Default 
Redemption Amount. The relevant Default Redemption Amount shall be the only 
amount payable and there will be no separate payment in respect of any unpaid 
accrued interest thereon. 
“Event of Default” means any of the following events: 
(i) 
a Payment Event of Default; 
(ii) 
a Non-Compliance Event of Default; or 
(iii) 
a Bankruptcy Event of Default. 
12. 
Enforcement of 
Transaction 
Security and rights 
(a) 
Trustee to enforce Transaction Security 
At any time after the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, the Trustee 
may, and if requested by holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount 
of the Instruments then outstanding or directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or directed in writing by the Designated Counterparty, shall 
(provided in each case that the Trustee shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) deliver an 
Enforcement Notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Custodian, any 
Disposal Agent appointed at such time and to each Counterparty) and 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce

--- Page 101 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
89 
 
 
the Transaction Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Security Documents (if applicable). 
Promptly following receipt by the Issuer of an Enforcement Notice, the 
Issuer shall procure that a copy of the same is sent to Instrumentholders. 
(b) 
Enforcement of Transaction Security 
In order to enforce the Transaction Security the Trustee may: 
(i) 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into 
money in such manner and on such terms as it shall think fit, 
and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all or 
part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Transaction 
Security shall have become enforceable; 
(ii) 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral 
Obligor as it deems appropriate but without any liability to the 
Instrumentholders or Couponholders or any other Secured 
Creditor as to the consequence of such action, step or 
proceeding on individual Instrumentholders or Couponholders 
or any other Secured Creditor;  
(iii) 
do all other acts and things which it may consider desirable or 
necessary for realising any Mortgaged Property or incidental or 
conducive to any of the rights, powers or discretions conferred 
on a receiver under or by virtue of the Trust Deed or law; 
(iv) 
exercise in relation to any Mortgaged Property all the powers, 
authorities and things which it would be capable of exercising if 
it were the absolute beneficial owner of that Mortgaged 
Property;  
(v) 
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other 
proceedings as it deems appropriate (including, without 
limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged 
Property and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under 
the terms of the Trust Deed and/or any other Security 
Document (if applicable); and 
(vi) 
use the name of the Issuer for any of the above purposes. 
(c) 
Trustee only to enforce 
Only the Trustee may enforce the Transaction Security in accordance 
with, and subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Trustee only to proceed against Issuer 
Subject always to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may 
pursue the remedies against the Issuer for any breach by the Issuer of 
the terms of the Trust Deed, the Instruments or the Coupons and no

--- Page 102 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
90 
 
 
Instrumentholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed 
in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails, or is unable, to do 
so within 60 days and such failure or inability is continuing. 
(e) 
Counterparty Agreement termination 
If, on or after the day falling five Business Days after the Maturity Date 
of the Instruments (such fifth Business Day, the “Maturity Cut-off 
Date”): 
(i) 
there are amounts that have become payable under any 
Counterparty Agreement by the relevant Counterparty and 
which remain unpaid as at the Maturity Cut-off Date or there are 
obligations that were required to be settled by delivery from the 
relevant Counterparty to the Issuer on or prior to the Maturity 
Date and which have not been so settled as at the Maturity Cut-
off Date; 
(ii) 
no Early Termination Date has already been designated or 
occurred under the relevant Counterparty Agreement; and  
(iii) 
no Early Redemption Notice Date or Early Redemption Date 
has occurred under any other Condition,  
then the Issuer shall, as soon as is practicable after becoming aware of 
the same, notify the Instrumentholders in accordance with Master 
Condition 23 (Notices) and the Trustee (with a copy to the Calculation 
Agent and each Counterparty) in writing of the same.  Following delivery 
of such notice from the Issuer, the Issuer shall, if directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, take such steps as are necessary to terminate 
all outstanding transactions under the relevant Counterparty Agreement. 
(f) 
Indemnity, security and/or pre-funding 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step 
or proceeding whether pursuant to the Trust Deed, any other Security 
Document or otherwise without first being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
 
 
 
13. 
Application of 
proceeds 
(a) 
Application of Liquidation Proceeds 
Prior to the delivery by the Trustee of an Enforcement Notice, the Issuer 
shall, on each Issuer Application Date, and, following the delivery by the 
Trustee of an Enforcement Notice, the Trustee shall, on each Trustee 
Application Date, apply the Liquidation Proceeds as they stand on each 
such date as follows: 
(i) 
Counterparty Priority: if ‘Counterparty Priority’ is specified as 
applicable in respect of this Master Condition 13(a) in the Series

--- Page 103 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
91 
 
 
Terms or if no election is specified in respect of this Master 
Condition 13(a) in the Series Terms: 
(1) 
firstly, and to the extent not paid on a prior Issuer 
Application Date or Trustee Application Date, pro rata 
and pari passu in payment to each Counterparty of an 
amount equal to such Counterparty’s 
Excess 
Collateral Amount (if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities of, and all other amounts 
owing to the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and 
executing the trusts and carrying out its functions 
under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction 
Documents (including any Tax required to be paid, 
legal fees, the costs of realising the Transaction 
Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(3) 
thirdly, pro rata and pari passu, in payment of (A) any 
amounts owing to the Custodian for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance 
with the terms of the Custody Agreement relating to 
sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property, (B) any amounts owing to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance 
with the terms of the Agency Agreement to any person 
in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) 
any fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and all 
other amounts then due or owing to the Agents under 
the 
Custody 
Agreement 
and/or 
the 
Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu, in payment of any 
fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and all other 
amounts then due or owing to (A) the Calculation 
Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement, and 
(B) the Disposal Agent under the Disposal Agency 
Agreement; 
(5) 
fifthly, pro rata and pari passu in payment to each 
Counterparty 
of 
an 
amount 
equal 
to 
such 
Counterparty’s Residual Claim Amount as at such 
Issuer Application Date or Trustee Application Date (if 
any); 
(6) 
sixthly, pro rata and pari passu in payment of (A) any 
Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) 
any Default Redemption Amount then due and 
payable, (C) any Final Redemption Amount then due 
and payable and/or (D) any interest, Underlying 
Collateral 
Amortisation 
Redemption 
Amount or 
Instalment Amount that became due and payable on 
or prior to the Maturity Date and that remains due and

--- Page 104 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
92 
 
 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest 
accrued thereon (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall include Default Interest) to the holders of 
Instruments; and 
(7) 
seventhly, in payment of any remaining Liquidation 
Proceeds to the Company; and 
(ii) 
Instrumentholder Priority: if ‘Instrumentholder Priority’ is 
specified as applicable in respect of this Master Condition 13(a) 
in the Series Terms: 
(1) 
first, and to the extent not paid on a prior Issuer 
Application Date or Trustee Application Date, pro rata 
and pari passu in payment to each Counterparty of an 
amount equal to such Counterparty’s 
Excess 
Collateral Amount (if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, costs, 
charges, expenses, liabilities of and all other amounts 
owing to the Trustee or any receiver in preparing and 
executing the trusts and carrying out its functions 
under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction 
Documents (including any Tax required to be paid, 
legal fees, the costs of realising the Transaction 
Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(3) 
thirdly, pro rata and pari passu, in payment of (A) any 
amounts owing to the Custodian for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance 
with the terms of the Custody Agreement relating to 
sums receivable on or in respect of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property, (B) any amounts owing to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payments properly made by it in accordance 
with the terms of the Agency Agreement to any person 
in discharge of a Secured Payment Obligation and (C) 
any fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and all 
other amounts then due or owing to the Agents under 
the 
Custody 
Agreement 
and/or 
the 
Agency 
Agreement;  
(4) 
fourthly, pro rata and pari passu, in payment of any 
fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and all other 
amounts then due or owing to (A) the Calculation 
Agent under the Calculation Agency Agreement, and 
(B) the Disposal Agent under the Disposal Agency 
Agreement; 
(5) 
fifthly, pro rata and pari passu in payment of (A) any 
Early Redemption Amount then due and payable, (B) 
any Default Redemption Amount then due and 
payable, (C) any Final Redemption Amount then due

--- Page 105 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
93 
 
 
and payable and/or (D) any interest, Underlying 
Collateral 
Amortisation 
Redemption 
Amount or 
Instalment Amount that became due and payable on 
or prior to the Maturity Date and that remains due and 
payable, as applicable, and, in each case, any interest 
accrued thereon (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall include Default Interest) to the holders of 
Instruments; 
(6) 
sixthly, pro rata and pari passu in payment to each 
Counterparty 
of 
an 
amount 
equal 
to 
such 
Counterparty’s Residual Claim Amount as at such 
Issuer Application Date or Trustee Application Date (if 
any); and 
(7) 
seventhly, in payment of any remaining Liquidation 
Proceeds to the Company, 
provided, in each case, that no sums shall be applied in accordance with 
this Master Condition 13(a) at any time prior to the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date in respect of each Counterparty Agreement or whilst 
any determination or calculation of an amount payable under any 
Counterparty Agreement is pending.  If the application of any sum is 
subject to delay as a result of this proviso, then the corresponding Issuer 
Application Date or Trustee Application Date (as applicable) on which 
such application has to have been made shall be deemed to occur on 
the day upon which the conditions in this proviso are satisfied and notice 
of such satisfaction is given to the Trustee in writing in the case of the 
Trustee Application Date or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the 
next following Business Day. 
Any Secured Creditor that has a claim in respect of more than one 
Secured Payment Obligation may rank differently in respect of each 
Secured Payment Obligation. 
If, following the Initial Issuer Application Date, the Issuer receives any 
sum from the Mortgaged Property, the Issuer shall send a notice to the 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Disposal Agent (where there 
is one) and each Counterparty of the same as soon as is reasonably 
practicable upon receiving any such sum. 
(b) 
Accumulation 
If the amount of moneys available to the Trustee for payment in respect 
of the Instruments under Master Condition 13(a) (Application of 
Liquidation Proceeds) at any time following delivery by the Trustee of an 
Enforcement Notice in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, other 
than where the Mortgaged Property has been exhausted, is less than 10 
per cent. of the principal amount of the Instruments then outstanding, the 
Trustee shall not be obliged to make any payments under Master 
Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds).

--- Page 106 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
94 
 
 
In such circumstances, the Trustee may (if it retains such amounts) place 
such amounts on deposit as provided in Master Condition 13(c) 
(Deposits) and may retain such amounts and accumulate the resulting 
income until the amounts and the accumulations, together with any other 
funds for the time being under the Trustee’s control and available for 
such payment, amount to at least 10 per cent. of the nominal amount of 
the Instruments then outstanding and then such amounts and 
accumulations (after deduction of, or provision for, any applicable Tax 
and negative interest) shall be applied as specified in Master Condition 
13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds). 
(c) 
Deposits 
No provision of the Transaction Documents shall (i) confer on the 
Trustee any right to exercise any investment discretion in relation to the 
assets subject to the trust constituted by the Trust Deed and, to the 
extent permitted by law, Section 3 of the Trustee Act 2000 shall not apply 
to the duties of the Trustee in relation to the trusts constituted by the 
Trust Deed or (ii) require the Trustee to do anything which may cause 
the Trustee to be considered a sponsor of a covered fund under Section 
619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
and any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Trustee may deposit monies in respect of the instruments in its name 
in an account at such bank or other financial institution as the Trustee 
may, in its absolute discretion, think fit. If that bank or financial institution 
is the Trustee or a subsidiary, holding or associated company of the 
Trustee, the Trustee need only account for an amount of interest equal 
to the amount of interest which would, at then current rates, be payable 
by it on such a deposit to an independent customer. 
In the event that any deposits in respect of the Instruments are held by 
a bank or a financial institution (which may include a bank or financial 
institution which is a subsidiary, holding company, affiliate or associated 
company of the Trustee) in the name of the Trustee and the interest rate 
in respect of certain currencies is a negative value such that the 
application thereof would result in amounts being debited from funds 
held by such bank or financial institution (“negative interest”), the 
Trustee shall not be liable to make up any shortfall or be liable for any 
loss. 
(d) 
Insufficient proceeds 
If, following a Liquidation Event or an Enforcement Event, the available 
cash sums pursuant to Master Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation 
Proceeds) or assets available for delivery, as the case may be, are 
insufficient for the holders of Instruments to receive payment in full of:  
(i) 
any Early Redemption Amount or Default Redemption Amount 
that has become due and payable or deliverable;

--- Page 107 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
95 
 
 
(ii) 
any Final Redemption Amount that has become due and 
payable or deliverable;  
(iii) 
any interest or Instalment Amount that has become due and 
payable on the Maturity Date; and/or 
(iv) 
any Optional Redemption Amount that has become due and 
payable, 
as applicable, and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon, the 
holders of Instruments will receive an amount which is less than any such 
amount, and the provisions of Master Condition 14 (Limited recourse and 
non-petition) will apply. 
(e) 
Foreign exchange conversion 
To the extent that any proceeds payable to any person pursuant to this 
Master Condition 13 are not in the Specified Currency, then such 
proceeds shall be converted at such rate or rates, in accordance with 
such method and as at such date as may be specified by the Disposal 
Agent (prior to the Trustee enforcing the Transaction Security pursuant 
to the Security Documents, as described in Master Condition 12 
(Enforcement of Transaction Security and rights)) or the Trustee 
(following the Trustee enforcing the Transaction Security pursuant to the 
Security Documents, as described in Master Condition 12 (Enforcement 
of Transaction Security and rights)), but having regard to current rates of 
exchange, if available.   
Any rate, method and date so specified shall be binding on the Issuer, the 
Instrumentholders, the Couponholders, each Counterparty, the Custodian and the 
other Transaction Parties. 
 
 
 
14. 
Limited recourse 
and non-petition 
(a) 
General limited recourse 
The recourse of the Instrumentholders, the Couponholders and the 
Transaction Parties against the Issuer is limited to the Mortgaged 
Property, subject to the Transaction Security, and they shall not have 
recourse to any other assets of the Issuer or the Company. 
If the amounts realised from the Mortgaged Property are not sufficient to 
make payment of all amounts due from the Issuer pursuant to the Trust 
Deed, the Instruments and the other Transaction Documents, then no 
other assets of the Issuer or the Company shall be available to meet any 
resulting shortfall which shall be borne by the parties in accordance with 
the order of priority in Master Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation 
Proceeds).  Following realisation of the Mortgaged Property and 
application of the Liquidation Proceeds in accordance with the 
Conditions, any outstanding claim, debt or other liability of the Issuer that 
remains shall be extinguished in full and no debt shall be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof.  Failure by the Issuer to make payment in

--- Page 108 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
96 
 
 
respect of any shortfall described in this Master Condition 14(a) shall in 
no circumstances constitute an Event of Default. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Instrumentholders, the 
Couponholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may: 
(i) 
bring, institute, or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining any administration, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
liquidation, winding-up or other similar actions; or 
(ii) 
join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining any 
action or proceeding described in sub-paragraph (i) above; or 
(iii) 
take any steps to recover any debts or amounts extinguished 
as described in Master Condition 14(a) (General limited 
recourse) above from the Issuer and/or the Company or any 
shareholder, member, agent or director of the Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall be entitled to exercise 
its rights pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds 
No Instrumentholders may start proceedings against the Issuer which 
are based on Article 470-21 of the Companies Law. 
(d) 
Corporate obligation 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Instrumentholders, the 
Couponholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them shall have 
any recourse against any director, shareholder, or officer of the Issuer or 
the Company in respect of any obligations, covenant or agreement 
entered into or made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of these Master 
Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Documents. 
(e) 
Survival 
              The provisions of this Master Condition 14 shall survive notwithstanding 
any redemption of the Instruments of any Series or the termination or 
expiration of any Transaction Document. 
 
 
 
15. 
Determinations and 
calculations 
(a) 
Determination and publication of amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as is practicable on each Interest 
Determination Date and on each date the Calculation Agent is required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation under the Terms and Conditions or any

--- Page 109 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
97 
 
 
Transaction Document, as the case may be, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
and Interest Payment Date, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Default 
Redemption Amount, Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, obtain such quotation 
and/or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be. 
The Calculation Agent shall cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, any Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Default Redemption Amount, Underlying Collateral Amortisation 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or other amount, to be notified 
to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, each Counterparty 
(if any), the Instrumentholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Instruments that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Instruments are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Interest 
Period, as the case may be, if determined prior to such time, in the case 
of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
or (ii) in all other cases, the earlier of the date on which any relevant 
payment is due (if determined prior to such time) and the fourth Business 
Day after such determination.   
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Master Condition 15(c) (Business Day 
Convention), the Interest Amount(s) and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period.  
If in respect of any due date for redemption, payment of the full amount 
of principal due for redemption is not made, no publication of the rates 
determined in accordance with this Master Condition 15(a) to be used in 
the calculation of any Default Interest need be made unless the Trustee 
notifies the Calculation Agent to the contrary in writing. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all Instrumentholders, Couponholders, Transaction Parties and all other 
parties.  If the Calculation Agent at any time does not make any 
determination or calculation or take any action that it is required to do 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and each Counterparty. 
(b) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from

--- Page 110 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
98 
 
 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a 
percentage point being rounded up to 0.00001) and (ii) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded down, if necessary, 
to the nearest unit of such currency.  For these purposes, “unit” means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country or countries of such currency.  
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Terms and Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day;  
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
 
 
16. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Instruments in definitive form 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Instruments in 
definitive form shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of 
payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for 
redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment 
together with its related Instrument), Instruments (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Master 
Condition 16(f)) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged 
Talons) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Master 
Condition 16(f)) (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged 
Talons), as the case may be, at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in such

--- Page 111 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
99 
 
 
currency with a Bank nominated by such holder presenting such Bearer 
Instrument, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(a), “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or in the case of euro in a city 
in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Instruments in definitive form 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Master Condition 
16(b) shall include final Instalment Amounts but shall not include other 
Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Instruments shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
Interest (which for the purposes of this Master Condition 16(b) shall 
include all Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on 
Registered Instruments shall be paid to the person shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the Record Date.  Payments of 
interest on each Registered Instrument shall be made in the Specified 
Currency by transfer to an account nominated by such person shown in 
the Register in the Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a 
Bank. 
(c) 
Instruments in global form 
For as long as the Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument 
deposited with a Clearing System and held by the Clearing System or a 
common depository, common safekeeper or nominee, as applicable, on 
behalf of the Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Terms and Conditions to make payments in respect of the Instruments 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of the 
Global Instruments, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such 
Global Instrument.  Each of the persons shown in the records of the 
Clearing System as owning Instruments represented by such Global 
Instrument must look solely to the Clearing System for his share of any 
payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of the Global 
Instrument.  Payments made to any person shown in the records of the 
Clearing System as owning any Instrument represented by a Global 
Instrument shall be subject to and made in accordance with the rules of 
the Clearing System. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Instruments, whether in 
definitive or in global form, are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if: 
(i)  
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with Specified 
Offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make

--- Page 112 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
100 
 
 
payment of the amounts on the Instruments in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse Tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Master Condition 17 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to FATCA (in each 
case without prejudice to the provisions of Master Condition 17 
(Taxation)).  No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Instrumentholders or the Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Instrument in definitive 
form, unmatured Coupons relating to such Instrument (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Instrument in definitive 
form, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Instrument (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Instrument in definitive 
form which is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such 
Instrument having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
Where any Bearer Instrument in definitive form is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Receipts and/or unmatured Coupons, 
and where any Bearer Instrument is presented for redemption without 
any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
If the due date for redemption of any Instrument in definitive form is not 
a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding 
due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and

--- Page 113 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
101 
 
 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Instrument or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be.  
Default Interest on any Instrument in definitive form shall only be payable 
against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer 
Instrument or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part 
of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Instrument, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the Specified Office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Master 
Condition 16(j) (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment on such date but shall instead be entitled to payment on the 
alternative date determined in accordance with the adjustments specified 
in Master Condition 15(c) (Business Day Convention) on the basis that 
the Payment Business Day Convention specified in the Series Terms is 
the Business Day Convention for the purposes of Master Condition 15(c) 
(Business Day Convention). Unless otherwise provided in these Master 
Terms and Conditions or the applicable Series Terms, in the event that 
any adjustment is made to the date for payment in accordance with this 
Master Condition 16(h), the relevant amount due in respect of any 
Instrument, Receipt or Coupon shall not be affected by such adjustment. 
(i) 
Records 
For so long as the Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument 
in NGN form, the records of the Clearing Systems (which expression in 
this Master Condition 16(i) means the records that each Clearing System 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers’ 
interests in the Instruments) shall be conclusive evidence of the number 
of the Instruments represented by the Global Instrument and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by the Clearing System (which statement 
shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number 
of Instruments represented by the Global Instrument at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the Clearing System at that time. 
(j) 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Instruments, 
Receipts and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) 
shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the 
case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 114 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
102 
 
 
The Luxembourg law dated 03 September 1996 on the involuntary 
dispossession of bearer securities, as amended (the “Involuntary 
Dispossession Law 1996”) requires that, in the event that (i) an 
opposition has been filed in relation to the Bearer Instruments, Receipts 
or Coupons (if any) and (ii) the Bearer Instruments mature prior to 
becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Law 
1996), any amount that is payable under the Bearer Instruments, 
Receipts or Coupons (if any), but has not yet been paid to the holders of 
such Bearer Instruments, Receipts or Coupons (if any), will be paid to 
the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has 
been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Bearer Instruments occurs. 
 
 
 
17. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding or deductions on payments in respect of the 
Instruments 
Without prejudice to Master Condition 9(c) (Consequences of Early 
Redemption Events), all payments in respect of the Instruments will be 
made subject to any Tax Deduction that the Issuer or any Agent is 
required to make, by any Applicable Law.  In that event, the Issuer or 
such Agent shall make such payment after such Tax Deduction has been 
made and shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount(s) of 
Tax so withheld or deducted.  Neither the Issuer nor any Agent will be 
liable for, or otherwise obliged to make any additional payments to 
Instrumentholders in respect of, or in compensation for, any such Tax 
Deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Master 
Condition 16(e) (Payments subject to fiscal laws) above.   
(b) 
FATCA and similar information 
Each Instrumentholder and beneficial owner of Instruments shall provide 
the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or the 
Trustee with such documentation, information or waiver as may be 
requested by the Issuer and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
and/or the Trustee in order for the Issuer, the Trustee or any such agent 
to comply with any obligations any such party may have in connection 
with the Instruments under: 
(i) 
FATCA and under any agreement entered into by the Issuer 
and/or any agent acting on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to, or 
in respect of, FATCA; and 
(ii) 
any other information reporting or exchange arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any legislation implementing EU 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU on the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information or UK equivalent thereof, which 
implements the OECD measures known as the ‘Common 
Reporting Standard’).  
Each Instrumentholder and beneficial owner of the Instruments further 
agrees and consents that, in respect of FATCA, the Issuer may, but is 
not obliged and owes no duty to any person to, comply with the terms of 
any intergovernmental agreement between the United States of America

--- Page 115 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
103 
 
 
and another jurisdiction with respect to FATCA or any legislation 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement or enter into an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in such form as may 
be required to avoid the imposition of FATCA Withholding on payments 
made to the Issuer.  In connection therewith, the Issuer may make such 
amendments to the Instruments and any Counterparty Agreement (if 
any) as are necessary to enable the Issuer to enter into, or comply with 
the terms of, any such agreement or legislation. The Trustee shall be 
bound to concur in any such amendments provided that doing so would 
not, in the opinion of the Trustee, impose more onerous obligations upon 
it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, powers or 
protections and any such amendment will be binding on the 
Instrumentholders and Couponholders. 
 
 
 
18. 
Meetings of 
Instrumentholders, 
modification, waiver 
and substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Instrumentholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Instrumentholders (including by ways other than physical meetings) to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of the Terms and 
Conditions, any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document and give authority, direction or sanction required by, among 
other provisions, Master Condition 5 (Security) or Master Condition 8 
(Scheduled redemption and purchase) to be given by Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding 
on Instrumentholders (whether or not they were present at or participated 
in the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on the holders 
of Coupons, Receipts and Talons.   
(b) 
Quorum requirements and voting 
Such a meeting may be convened by Instrumentholders holding not less 
than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Instruments for the time being 
outstanding.  The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Instruments for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Instrumentholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Instruments held or represented, unless the business of 
such meeting includes consideration Reserved Matters, in which case 
the necessary quorum (“Special Quorum”) shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Instruments for the time being outstanding in accordance with the Trust 
Deed.   
If the Instruments are held in global form, the holder of a Global 
Instrument will be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral 
currency unit of the Specified Currency represented by such Global 
Instrument.

--- Page 116 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
104 
 
 
(c) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
The Trust Deed provides that:  
(i) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the 
Instruments outstanding (a “Written Resolution”), or  
(ii) 
where the Instruments are held by or on behalf of a Clearing 
System, approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the 
Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic 
consents 
communicated 
through 
the 
electronic 
communications systems of the Clearing System(s) in 
accordance with its operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate 
principal amount of the Instruments then outstanding 
(“Electronic Consent”),  
shall, in each case, for all purposes (including Reserved Matters) be as 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Instrumentholders duly convened and held.  
Such Written Resolution may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Instrumentholders.  Such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent 
will be binding on all Instrumentholders and holders of Coupons, Talons 
and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution 
or Electronic Consent. 
(d) 
Luxembourg Companies Law 
The provisions relating to meetings of Instrumentholders contained in 
Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law will not apply in respect 
of the Instruments.  Instrumentholders will be entitled to examine 8 days 
before the annual general meeting at the registered office of the 
Company (i) the annual accounts and the list of directors as well as the 
list of the approved statutory auditors (réviseurs d’entreprises agréés), 
(ii) the list of sovereign debt, shares, bonds and other company securities 
making up the portfolio, (iii) the report of the Board (iv) the report of the 
approved statutory auditors and (v) in case of amendments to the articles 
of incorporation, the text of the proposed amendments and a draft of the 
co-ordinated 
articles 
as 
amended 
by 
the 
proposed 
text.  
Instrumentholders may attend general meetings of the shareholders of 
the Company and shall be entitled to speak but not to vote. 
(e) 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions and/or any Transaction 
Document

--- Page 117 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
105 
 
 
Without prejudice to modifications made pursuant to the provisions of 
Master Condition 7(i) (Reference Rate fallbacks), Master Condition 
9(d)(vi) (Additional provisions relating to Regulatory Events), Master 
Condition 9(d)(vii) (Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events) 
or Master Condition 17(b) (FATCA and similar information), the Trustee 
may agree, without the consent of the Instrumentholders or the 
Couponholders but subject to the prior written consent of the Designated 
Counterparty: 
(i) 
to any modification of any of the Terms and Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Transaction Documents that is in its 
opinion of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error; and  
(ii) 
to any other modification (except a Reserved Matter) and any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of 
any of the Terms and Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that is in the opinion of the Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Instrumentholders; 
or  
(iii) 
that an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or 
Enforcement Event shall not be treated as such, 
provided in each case that the Trustee shall not do so in contravention 
or an express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
The Trustee shall, without any consent or sanction of the 
Instrumentholders or Couponholders, but subject to the prior written 
consent of the Designated Counterparty, agree to any adjustment, 
determination, modification or waiver to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Instruments or any other Transaction Document, including without 
limitation the Swap Agreement, that the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent considers necessary or appropriate (i) in accordance with the 
provisions of Master Condition 7(i) (Reference Rate fallbacks) for the 
purpose of determining the Reference Rate by linear interpolation or a 
Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Instruments), (ii) in accordance with the provisions of Master 
Condition 7(i) (Reference Rate fallbacks), in relation to the occurrence of 
a Reference Rate Event, (iii) in accordance with the provisions of Master 
Condition 9(d)(vii) (Additional provisions relating to Benchmark Events), 
in relation to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, or (iv) in accordance 
with the provisions of Master Condition 9(d)(vi) (Additional provisions 
relating to Regulatory Events), in relation to the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event and/or Specified Regulatory Event, and in making such 
other amendments to these terms or any other Transaction Document, 
including without limitation the Swap Agreement, as are necessary or 
advisable in the reasonable judgment of the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent to facilitate such changes. 
To the extent that any Agent is appointed or replaced pursuant to Clause 
1 (Agent Replacement) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex, 
the Issuer may make such amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect

--- Page 118 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
106 
 
 
such appointment or replacement and the Trustee shall sign such 
documents as may be required to give effect to such amendments 
provided that doing so would not, in the opinion of the Trustee, impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or 
reduce its rights, powers or protections.   
The Trustee’s powers under this Master Condition 18(e) shall not (other 
than as specifically contemplated in the terms of the Instruments) extend 
to any such modification as is mentioned in the proviso to paragraph 2 
of Schedule 3 (Provisions for Meetings of Instrumentholders) to the Trust 
Deed. 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver as is made or given under 
this Master Condition 18(e) shall be binding on the Instrumentholders 
and the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, shall be notified 
to the Instrumentholders as soon as is practicable.  
(f) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree 
without the consent of the Instrumentholders or the Couponholders but 
subject to the prior written consent of the Designated Counterparty, to 
the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any 
previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed 
and the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, as 
applicable, provided that:  
(i) 
the Trustee is satisfied that the substitution is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of Instrumentholders; and 
(ii) 
certain other conditions as set out in the Trust Deed are 
complied with.   
In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the Instrumentholders or the Couponholders, to a change of 
the law governing the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons, the 
Talons and/or the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Instrumentholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18(f) and article 1275 of the 
Luxembourg civil code, the Instrumentholders, by subscribing for, or 
otherwise acquiring the Instruments, are expressly deemed (i) to have 
consented to any substitution of the Issuer effected in accordance with 
this Condition 18(f) and to the release of the Issuer from any and all 
obligations in respect of the Instruments and the Trust Deed; and (ii) to 
have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof, but 
provided always that the Trustee exercises its powers under this 
Condition 18(f) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 18(f) 
and the Trust Deed. 
For the purposes of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg civil code, 
the Issuer hereby expressly accepts and confirms that, notwithstanding

--- Page 119 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
107 
 
 
any assignment, transfer and/or novation permitted under, and made in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any other agreement entered into by the Issuer in connection 
with the issue of the Instruments, any security created or guarantee 
given under such agreements shall be preserved for the benefit of the 
Trustee (for itself and the secured parties) and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, for the benefit of each of the secured parties. 
 
 
 
19. 
Replacement of 
Instruments, 
Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons 
If an Instrument, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the Specified Office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent set out in the Series Terms (in the case of Bearer 
Instruments, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, 
as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to Instrumentholders in accordance with Master 
Condition 23 (Notices). The person requesting such replacement must pay all 
fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, among other things, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Instrument, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Instrument, 
Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Instruments, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
 
The replacement of Bearer Instruments, Receipts, Coupons and Talons that have 
been lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed is subject to the procedure set 
out in the Involuntary Dispossession Law 1996. 
20. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Instrumentholders or 
the Couponholders but subject to Master Condition 6 (Restrictions) create and 
issue further instruments either having the same terms and conditions as the 
Instruments in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date, the first 
payment of interest on the further issue and the first Interest Period) and so that 
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 
Instruments or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their 
issue.   
Any such further instruments shall only form a single series with the Instruments 
(unless otherwise sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution) if the Issuer 
provides additional assets (as security for such further instruments) which are 
fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition as, those forming 
part of the Mortgaged Property for the Instruments and in the same proportion as 
the proportion that the principal amount of such new instruments bears to the 
Instruments and/or the Issuer enters into additional or supplemental Counterparty 
Agreements extending the terms of any existing Counterparty Agreement to the 
new instruments on terms no less favourable than such existing documents and 
agreements, as applicable.

--- Page 120 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
108 
 
 
Any new instruments forming a single series with the Instruments shall be 
constituted and secured by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed, such further 
security shall be added to the Mortgaged Property so that the new instruments 
and the existing Instruments shall be secured by the same Mortgaged Property. 
References in the Terms and Conditions to “Instruments”, “Underlying 
Collateral”, “Collateral”, “Mortgaged Property”, the “Repo Agreement”, the 
“Securities Lending Agreement”, the “Swap Agreement”, any “Counterparty 
Agreement”, “Secured Payment Obligations” and “Secured Creditor” shall be 
construed accordingly.  The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single 
meeting of the holders of the Instruments and the holders of instruments of other 
specified series in certain circumstances where the Trustee so decides. 
 
 
 
21. 
Appointment of 
Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent initially 
appointed by the Issuer and their respective Specified Offices are listed in the 
Series Terms.  
Subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the 
Calculation Agency Agreement and the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the 
Custodian, the Calculation Agent and the Disposal Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Instrumentholder or Couponholder.  
The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee (except 
that the approval of the Trustee shall not be required for the appointment of a 
replacement Calculation Agent or Disposal Agent where Instrumentholders direct 
the Issuer to appoint such replacement pursuant to paragraph 1 of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex) to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer 
Agent, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent or the Disposal Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents, Custodian(s), Calculation 
Agent(s), Disposal Agent(s) or such other agents as may be required, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: 
(i) 
an Issuing and Paying Agent; 
(ii) 
a Registrar in relation to Registered Instruments; 
(iii) 
a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Instruments;  
(iv) 
a Custodian; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent; 
(vi) 
a Disposal Agent; 
(vii) 
a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in a major European city; and

--- Page 121 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
109 
 
 
(viii) 
such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Instruments may be listed, in each case as approved by the 
Trustee (subject as provided above).  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Bearer Instruments denominated in U.S. dollars in the 
circumstances described in Master Condition 16(d) (Payments in the United 
States). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any Specified Office shall promptly 
be given by the Issuer to the Instrumentholders in accordance with Master 
Condition 23 (Notices). 
Agents may be subject to replacement in accordance with paragraph 1 of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
 
 
 
22. 
Entitlement, 
indemnification and 
obligations of the 
Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for 
its relief from responsibility and liability towards the Issuer, the Instrumentholders 
and the holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts, including (i) provisions 
relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in 
certain circumstances. 
The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any 
security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to 
evaluate its risk in any given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario 
and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it by the 
Instrumentholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be 
supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and 
creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and 
an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the 
validity and effectiveness of the security. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee and any 
Affiliate of the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (i) to enter into business transactions 
with the Issuer and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued 
or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer, any Collateral Obligor, any 
Counterparty or any of their subsidiaries, holding or associated companies, (ii) to 
exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such 
trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the 
Instrumentholders or Couponholders, and (iii) to retain and not be liable to 
account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in 
connection therewith. 
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction 
in value of the Collateral, from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring 
of the Collateral and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral will be 
held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian selected by the Trustee 
(in each case, if applicable).  The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring or 
supervising the performance by any other person of its obligations to the Issuer 
and may assume these are being performed unless and until it has actual

--- Page 122 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
110 
 
 
knowledge to the contrary.  The Trustee is not responsible for the exercise of any 
voting rights in respect of the Collateral or for the validity, sufficiency or 
enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the Transaction Security 
created over the Mortgaged Property. 
In connection with the exercise of its functions and the exercise or performance 
or any right, power, trust, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in relation to any modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination referred to in Master Condition 18 (Meetings of 
Instrumentholders, modification, waiver and substitution)), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the interests of the Instrumentholders as a class but shall not have 
regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Instrumentholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise or performance of its 
trusts, powers or discretions for individual Instrumentholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory or otherwise to the Tax consequences thereof. 
The Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Instrumentholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Instrumentholders or Couponholders.   
While any Global Instrument is held on behalf of a Clearing System, the Trustee 
may have regard to any information provided by such Clearing System as to the 
identity of its accountholders having entitlements to such Global Instrument and 
may 
consider 
such 
interests 
as 
if 
such 
accountholders 
were 
the 
Instrumentholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that in acting as Trustee under the Trust Deed the 
Trustee does not assume any duty or responsibility to any Counterparty, the 
Disposal Agent, the Custodian, the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents 
or any other Transaction Party or Secured Creditor (other than to pay to any of 
such parties any moneys received and repayable to it and to act in accordance 
with the provisions of Master Conditions 5 (Security) and 13 (Application of 
proceeds)) and shall have regard solely to the interests of the Instrumentholders. 
None of the Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall be required or obliged to monitor 
or enquire as to whether any event, condition or circumstance which could lead 
to an early redemption of the Instruments exists or has occurred.  None of the 
Trustee nor the Paying Agents shall have any obligation, responsibility or liability 
for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any Transaction Party or other Secured Creditor. 
 
 
 
23. 
Notices 
(a)  
Notices to holders of Instruments 
All notices to holders of Instruments shall be validly given as follows:

--- Page 123 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
111 
 
 
(i) 
if the Instruments are in definitive bearer form, the notice shall 
be: 
(1) 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe; and/or 
(2) 
for so long as the Instruments are listed on any 
Relevant Stock Exchange, published on the website 
of one or more regulated information exchanges or 
other services approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s), 
and any such notice shall be conclusively presumed to have 
been received by the holders on the date of publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date 
on which publication is made;  
(ii) 
if the Instruments are in definitive registered form, the notice 
shall be mailed to the Instrumentholders at their respective 
addresses in the Register and shall be deemed to have been 
given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery 
and three days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case 
of inland post or seven days (excluding Saturdays and 
Sundays) in the case of overseas post after despatch or if 
earlier when delivered, save that for purposes only of 
determining any Early Redemption Notice Date the relevant 
Early Redemption Notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date despatched; and 
(iii) 
if the Instruments are in global form and held on behalf of a 
Clearing System, the notice shall be delivered to the Clearing 
System, or otherwise to the holder of the Global Instrument, 
rather than by publication as set out above and shall be 
deemed to be given on the Business Day immediately following 
the day on which the notice was given to the Clearing System. 
For so long as the Instruments are listed on any Relevant Stock 
Exchange, any notice that is required by the rules or regulations of such 
Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority to be published, 
shall additionally be published in accordance with such rules and 
regulations.  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Instruments in 
definitive form in accordance with this Condition 23. 
(b) 
Notices from holders of Instruments 
Where these Master Terms and Conditions provide for a notice to be 
given by one or more Instrumentholders to the Issuer, such notice shall 
be validly given as follows:

--- Page 124 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
112 
 
 
(i) 
if the Instruments are in definitive bearer or definitive registered 
form, the notice shall be mailed to the Issuer at the postal 
address and marked for the attention of the person specified in 
the Constituting Document or to such other address or person 
as shall have been otherwise notified to Instrumentholders in 
accordance with Master Condition 23(a) (Notices to holders of 
Instruments) and shall be deemed to have been given on the 
day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery and three 
days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the case of inland 
post or seven days (excluding Saturdays and Sundays) in the 
case of overseas post after despatch or if earlier when 
delivered; or 
(ii) 
if the Instruments are in global form and held on behalf of a 
Clearing System, notice may be given to the Issuer by 
accountholders in the Clearing System with entitlements to the 
Global Instrument, where the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, acting on instruction 
by the person(s) for whom such entitlement is ultimately 
beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with 
the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries. 
In order for such notice to be effective, the accountholder and/or beneficiary, as 
applicable, must take any reasonable steps requested by the Issuer and/or the 
Trustee to evidence the validity of their holding of Instruments and to ensure that 
such holding does not alter following the giving of such notice and prior to the 
earlier of (a) the effecting of any matter that is the subject of such notice, and (b) 
a specified long stop date. Any notice given in accordance with this Master 
Condition 23(b)(ii) will be deemed to have been given when actually received by 
the Issuer. 
 
 
 
24. 
Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 
1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Instruments 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, except and to the extent (if 
any) that the Instruments expressly provide for such Act to apply to any of their 
terms. 
 
 
 
25. 
Governing law and 
jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Instruments, the Receipts, the Coupons and the 
Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.  Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies 
Law are excluded. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
In connection with any disputes arising thereunder, the courts of England 
are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and any Instruments, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or

--- Page 125 ---
Master Terms and Conditions 
 
 
113 
 
 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and any 
Instruments, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts.  The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably 
submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for 
it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 126 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
114 
 
 
DEFINITIONS ANNEX TO THE MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Definitions 
Defined terms used in the Master Terms and Conditions shall have the meanings 
given to them in this ‘Definitions Annex to the Master Terms and Conditions’, in 
the Constituting Document (including any master terms document incorporated 
therein by reference) and in the Series Terms. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Inconsistency 
In the event of any inconsistency between such documents the document 
ranking the highest in the following order of priority shall prevail:  
(i) 
the Series Terms; 
(ii) 
the Constituting Document; 
(iii) 
the Master Terms and Conditions. 
In relation to the Instruments, references to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Dealer Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document constituted by the execution of the Constituting 
Document, are to those documents as amended, supplemented or 
replaced in respect of the Instruments as permitted by the Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed with respect to the Instruments. 
(b) 
Construction of Certain References  
References to: 
(i) 
an action, remedy or method of judicial proceedings for the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights include references to such 
action, remedy or method of judicial proceedings in jurisdictions 
other than England as shall most nearly approximate thereto; 
(ii) 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be 
to the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of 
such customers’ interests in the Instruments; 
(iii) 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, wherever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent. In the case of 
NGNs or Global Certificates held under the NSS, such 
alternative clearing system must also be authorised to hold such 
Instruments as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations; 
(iv) 
principal and interest shall be construed in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions;

--- Page 127 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
115 
 
 
(v) 
a 
“person” 
includes 
any 
company, 
partnership 
or 
unincorporated association (whether or not having separate 
legal personality);  
(vi) 
a “company” includes any company, corporation or any body 
corporate, wherever incorporated; 
(vii) 
any “Party” includes its successors in title, permitted assigns 
and permitted transferees; 
(viii) 
a “judgment” includes any order, injunction, determination, 
award or other judicial or arbitral measure in any jurisdiction;  
(ix) 
a “law” includes common or customary law and any constitution, 
decree, judgment, legislation, order, ordinance, regulation, 
statute, treaty or other legislative measure, in each case of any 
jurisdiction whatever (and “lawful” and “unlawful” shall be 
construed accordingly); and 
(x) 
a “directive” includes any present or future directive, regulation, 
request, requirement, rule or credit restraint programme of any 
relevant 
agency, 
authority, 
central 
bank, 
department, 
government, legislature, minister, ministry, official, public or 
statutory corporation, self-regulating organisation or stock 
exchange. 
(c) 
Non-applicability 
Where no reference is made in the Constituting Document and the 
Series Terms to any Repo Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement, 
Swap Agreement (or any Credit Support Annex thereto), Other 
Counterparty Agreement and/or Repo Counterparty, SL Counterparty, 
Swap Counterparty or Other Counterparty, respectively, references in 
the Terms and Conditions thereto shall not be applicable. 
References in the Terms and Conditions to a Counterparty are to the 
Repo Counterparty, the SL Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty or the 
Other Counterparty, as the context requires, and references in the Terms 
and Conditions to a Counterparty Agreement are to the Repo 
Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement, the Swap Agreement or 
Other Counterparty Agreement, as the context requires, and plural 
references thereto shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Headings 
Headings shall be ignored in construing any Transaction Document. 
(e) 
Statutes 
References in the Terms and Conditions to a statute, any provision 
thereof or to any regulatory instrument, order or regulation made 
thereunder shall be construed as a reference to such statute, provision,

--- Page 128 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
116 
 
 
statutory instrument, order or regulation, as the same may have been, or 
may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.  
(f) 
Schedules 
The Schedules to any Transaction Document are a part of such 
Transaction Document and shall have effect accordingly.

--- Page 129 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
117 
 
 
Numeric 
“100 per cent. 
Instrumentholders” 
means, at any time, Instrumentholders holding 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Instruments at such time.

--- Page 130 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
118 
 
 
A 
“Additional Disposal Agent 
Eligibility Criteria”  
means any criteria specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Additional Redemption 
Event”  
means the determination by the Calculation Agent on any day of the 
occurrence of any of the Additional Redemption Events specified as 
applicable in the Series Terms.  
“Additional Replacement 
Agent Eligibility Criteria” 
means any criteria specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Additional Replacement 
Swap Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria”  
means any criteria specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Additional Terms and 
Conditions”  
has the meaning given to it in the applicable Product Supplement (if any). 
“Affected Agent”  
means in respect of an Agent Replacement Event, the Agent that is the 
subject of such Agent Replacement Event. 
“Affiliate”  
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
that person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person or any 
entity, directly or indirectly, under common control with that person.  For this 
purpose “control” means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the 
entity or person. 
“Agency Agreement”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Agent Downgrade Event”  
has the meaning given to it in the Series Terms. 
“Agent Proposal Rejection 
Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(c) (Replacement of Agent) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Agent Replacement Cut-Off 
Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Agent Replacement Event”  
means the occurrence of one or more of the following in respect of an Agent, 
as specified in the Series Terms: 
 
(i) 
such Agent does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under the Instruments or the Constituting Document which 
default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee such 
default is capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee 
remedied within 30 calendar days after notice of such default shall 
have been given to the Agent by the Trustee (with a copy to the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent and each Counterparty); and/or

--- Page 131 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
119 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if ‘Agent Bankruptcy Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series 
Terms, such Agent is subject to a Bankruptcy Event; and/or 
 
(iii) 
if ‘Agent Downgrade Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series 
Terms, such Agent is subject to an Agent Downgrade Event. 
“Agent Replacement Event 
Date” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(a) (Notification) of the Transaction 
Party Replacement Annex. 
“Agent Replacement Event 
Notice”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(a) (Notification) of the Transaction 
Party Replacement Annex. 
“Agent Replacement Failure 
Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(e) (Agent Replacement Failure Event) 
of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Agent Replacement Notice”  
means a notice given in accordance with Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder 
Election) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex.  
“Agents”  
means, collectively, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Custodian, the Disposal Agent, the Registrar and the Paying Agents and the 
Transfer Agents for the time being (if any) (and each, an “Agent”). 
“Applicable Law” 
means any law or regulation of any jurisdiction, including but not limited to: (a) 
any statute or regulation of any jurisdiction; (b) any rule or practice of any 
authority by which any party is bound or with which it is accustomed to comply; 
(c) any agreement entered into by any party and any authority or between two 
or more authorities; and (d) FATCA 
“Arranger”  
means Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. (“Mediobanca”) or 
such other party as is specified in the Series Terms. 
“Arranger Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) of the 
Arranger Event Annex. 
“Arranger Event Annex”  
means the Arranger Event Annex annexed to these Master Terms and 
Conditions and references to a particularly numbered “Clause” of such annex 
shall be construed as a reference to the Clause so numbered in the Arranger 
Event Annex. 
“Arranger Event 
Determination Date” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) of the 
Arranger Event Annex. 
“Arranger Trigger Event”  
means the occurrence of both: 
(i) 
a Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Arranger; and 
(ii) 
a failure by the Arranger to pay, when and where due, any amounts 
due from the Arranger as agreed between the Issuer and the 
Arranger pursuant to Clause 3.1 or Clause 3.2 of the Mandate 
Agreement, provided that:

--- Page 132 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
120 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer has provided written notice of such failure to the 
Arranger (with a copy to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent 
and each Counterparty); and 
(b) 
such amounts have remained due but unpaid by the 
Arranger for a period of 30 calendar days after such notice 
was effective. 
“Arranger Trigger Event 
Determination Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(a) (Notification of Arranger Trigger 
Event) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Arranger Trigger Event 
Determination Notice”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(a) (Notification of Arranger Trigger 
Event) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Auction Agent”  
means, in relation to a Swap Counterparty Auction, the party (if any) 
designated as such in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice.

--- Page 133 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
121 
 
 
B 
“Bank”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 16(a) (Bearer Instruments in 
definitive form). 
“Bankruptcy Event”  
means, with respect to an entity, such entity: 
 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger); 
 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in 
writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
(iv) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case 
of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, 
such proceeding or petition either: 
 
(1)  results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or 
liquidation, or  
 
(2) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
 
 in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each 
case within 30 days thereafter; or 
 
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vii) above.

--- Page 134 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
122 
 
 
“Bankruptcy Event of 
Default”  
means that the Company or the Issuer: 
 
(i)  
is dissolved (other than, in the case of the Issuer, pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger on terms previously approved 
in writing by the Trustee or sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution);  
 
(ii)  
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
with or for the benefit of the Instrumentholders, or such a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
(iii) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation (including, 
without limitation, any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary, 
forced or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire ou 
forcée), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de la faillite), 
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management 
(gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general 
settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar 
proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) of the Issuer or 
the Company (as appropriate) other than by any creditor in breach of 
its non-petition covenants, and, in the case of any such proceeding or 
petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition 
either results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or 
liquidation, or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in 
each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(iv) 
has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than, in 
the case of the Issuer, pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution); 
 
(v) 
becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, examiner, custodian or other 
similar official (including, without limitation, the appointment of an 
administrator (including, without limitation, any receiver (curateur), 
liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), juge délégué or juge 
commissaire), provisional administrator (administrateur provisoire)) or 
any application is made or petition lodged or documents filed with the 
court or administrator in relation to the Issuer or the Company (as 
appropriate)) other than by any creditor in breach of its non-petition 
covenants, for it or for any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer 
under the relevant Instruments are secured pursuant to the Trust 
Deed; or 
 
(vi) 
other than the Trustee (except in circumstances where the Trustee is 
enforcing the Transaction Security pursuant to the Trust Deed) or the 
Custodian, has a secured party take possession of any assets on 
which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant Instruments are 
secured pursuant to the Trust Deed or has a distress, execution,

--- Page 135 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
123 
 
 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or 
sued on or against any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer 
under the relevant Instruments are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed 
other than in circumstances where such secured party is acting in 
breach of its non-petition covenants, and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days 
thereafter. 
“Base Currency”  
means the Specified Currency. 
“Bearer Instruments”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2(a) (Form, denomination and 
title) and includes any Global Instruments representing Bearer Instruments. 
“Benchmark”  
means, with respect to a Series, any benchmark, interest rate (including any 
Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option), index or price source which is 
relevant to (i) a payment on the Instruments of such Series by the Issuer; 
and/or (ii) the Collateral. 
“Benchmark Event” 
means, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(a) there has been 
(i) a material change in the methodology or formula for the 
determination of the Benchmark; or 
(ii) a permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the 
provision of the Benchmark or it becomes likely that such 
cancellation or cessation will occur; 
(b) any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a 
relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each 
case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law 
or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Instruments; or 
(c) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant 
Benchmark in connection with the Instruments as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining 
or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, 
where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required 
to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the Instruments and for any reason such licence is either 
not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change 
in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
“Benchmark Redemption 
Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d)(vii) (Additional provisions 
relating to Benchmark Events).

--- Page 136 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
124 
 
 
“Benefit Plan Investor”  
means: 
 
(i)  
an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, 
(“ERISA”)), whether or not subject to ERISA;  
(ii)  
a plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the Code; or 
(iii)  
an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a 
plan's investment in the entity under U.S. Department of Labor 
Regulations § 2510.3-101 (29 c.f.r. § 2510.3-101). 
“Board”  
means the board of directors of the Company.  
“Broken Amount”  
shall have the meaning given to it in the Series Terms. 
“Business Centre”  
means any business centre specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Business Day”  
means: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
 
(ii)  
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro (a “TARGET Business Day”); 
 
(iii)  
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in such 
Business Centres or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
such Business Centres; and/or 
 
(iv) 
any other day specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Business Day Convention”  
means one of the following, as specified in the Series Terms: (i) Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, (ii) Following Business Day Convention, (iii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or (iv) Preceding Business Day 
Convention.

--- Page 137 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
125 
 
 
C 
“Calculation Agency 
Agreement” 
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Calculation Agent”  
means the party specified as such in the Series Terms or any Successor 
thereto or replacement Calculation Agent appointed by the Issuer, in each 
case at its Specified Office. 
“Calculation Amount”  
means, in respect of an Instrument and an Interest Accrual Period, the amount 
specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Calculation Amount Factor”  
means, in respect of an Instrument, the number equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Instrument divided by the Calculation Amount. 
“Calculation Period”  
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Day Count Fraction. 
“Certificates”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2(c) (Registered Instruments), 
including any Global Registered Certificates. 
“CGN”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2(b) (Bearer Instruments). 
“Clearing System”  
means any of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing 
system approved by the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent in which 
Instruments or Collateral, as the case may be, are cleared, and includes 
reference to the operators thereof. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” 
means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
“Code” 
means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
“Collateral”  
means, in connection with the issue of the Instruments, the Issuer’s rights, 
title and/or interests in and to: 
 
(i) 
the Underlying Collateral (less any Underlying Collateral that the 
Issuer may have sold, posted, transferred or otherwise disposed of 
under the terms of any Counterparty Agreement); and 
(ii) 
from time to time, any Counterparty Posted Collateral held by the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
any other securities, cash or other assets or property transferred or 
delivered to the Issuer pursuant to any Counterparty Agreement. 
 
The term “Collateral” shall include the rights, title and/or interests in and to 
(w) any proceeds of Liquidation remaining following the Liquidation of 
Collateral in respect of the redemption of some, but not all, of the Instruments 
then outstanding which were not then payable to Instrumentholders, (x) any 
further Collateral acquired by the Issuer in connection with any further issue 
of instruments that are to be consolidated and form a single series with the 
Instruments, (y) any Collateral acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution 
or replacement of any Collateral previously held by it and (z) any asset or

--- Page 138 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
126 
 
 
property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of 
contractual rights) into which any of the Collateral is converted or exchanged 
or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such Collateral 
for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding thereof. 
“Collateral Event” 
means the occurrence of such of the following events as are specified to be 
applicable in the Series Terms: 
(i) 
Underlying Collateral Repayment; 
(ii) 
Underlying Collateral Default; 
(iii) 
Underlying Collateral Payment Failure; 
(iv) 
Underlying Collateral Conversion; 
(v) 
Underlying Collateral Currency Redenomination Event; or 
(vi) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Credit Event, 
in each case on or after the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the 
Series Terms or, if no election is made in the Series Terms, on or after the 
Issue Date. 
“Collateral Obligor”  
means any person that has an obligation or duty to the Issuer (or any relevant 
person holding such Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) in respect of the 
Collateral pursuant to the terms of such Collateral. 
“Collateral Replacement 
Price” 
means the price in the Specified Currency quoted by the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty as its firm offer quotation to sell to the Issuer the Collateral 
Shortfall Assets for settlement on the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Settlement Date.  
“Collateral Shortfall” 
means that, on the Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date, the 
amount of Collateral comprised in the Mortgaged Property on such date is 
less than the Full Collateral Entitlement. 
“Collateral Shortfall Assets” 
means securities or other assets of the same type, nominal value, description 
and amount as the securities or other assets that were formerly, but are no 
longer, comprised in the Mortgaged Property and: 
(i) 
that were comprised in the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance 
immediately prior to the termination of the Swap Agreement; or 
(ii) 
that have been Liquidated pursuant to Clause 2(d) (Early 
Termination Amount owed by the Issuer: Liquidation of Collateral) of 
the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Company” 
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 139 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
127 
 
 
“Companies Law”  
means the amended Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies.  
“Compartment”  
means a compartment established by the Board of the Company in respect 
of a Series of Instruments.  
“Conditions to Delivery”  
means, in respect of a delivery of the Physical Redemption Amount in relation 
to the Instruments, the Sole Instrumentholder (a) has deposited all of the 
Instruments (in the case of Bearer Instruments) or the Certificate(s) 
representing all of the Instruments (in the case of Registered Instruments) and 
delivered an Exercise Notice at the Issuing and Paying Agent’s Specified 
Office, (b) has paid to the order of the Issuer the Physical Redemption Priority 
Payment Amount in freely transferable funds and (c) has paid to the order of 
the Issuer all costs and expenses (including any stamp or other Taxes) 
payable in connection with the delivery of the Physical Redemption Amount 
to such Sole Instrumentholder. 
“Constituting Document”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Continuation Funding 
Amount Shortfall” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(h) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Continuation Funding 
Amount Shortfall Notice” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(h) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Corporate Services 
Agreement”  
means the domiciliation and corporate services agreement dated 28 January 
2020 and entered into between the Corporate Services Provider, the 
Company and the shareholder of the Company.  
“Corporate Services 
Provider”  
means Sanne Group (Luxembourg) S.A. a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) having its registered office at Airport Center Luxembourg, 
5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
registered with the RCSL under number B138069 . 
“Corporate Services Provider 
Fees”  
means any fees charged by, or any other amounts owed to, the Corporate 
Services Provider for the performance of its duties pursuant to the Corporate 
Services Agreement. 
“Counterparty” 
means each of the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty, the SL 
Counterparty and any Other Counterparty. 
“Counterparty Agreement” 
means each agreement specified as such in the Series Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Swap Agreement (if any). 
“Counterparty Event”  
means, in accordance with the terms of any Counterparty Agreement, that an 
event of default (howsoever described or defined in such Counterparty 
Agreement) has occurred with respect to the relevant Counterparty or any 
other event has occurred in respect of which the Issuer has the right to 
terminate all outstanding transactions under that Counterparty Agreement.

--- Page 140 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
128 
 
 
“Counterparty Posted 
Collateral” 
means the Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA), the Counterparty Posted 
Collateral (Repo), and the Counterparty Posted Collateral (SL), (in each case, 
if any). 
“Counterparty Posted 
Collateral (CSA)”  
means, at any time, the securities, cash and other assets and property (if any) 
transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer as collateral pursuant to 
the Credit Support Annex (including any accrued interest and distributions 
entitled to be received in respect thereof), but only to the extent that, at such 
time, such assets and property (or assets or property equivalent thereto) have 
not been paid or transferred by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty. 
“Counterparty Posted 
Collateral (Repo)”  
means, at any time, the “Cash Margin” and “Margin Securities” (each term as 
defined in the Repo Agreement) (if any) transferred by the Repo Counterparty 
to the Issuer as margin pursuant to the Repo Agreement (including any 
accrued interest and distributions entitled to be received in respect thereof), 
but only to the extent that, at such time, such “Cash Margin” and “Margin 
Securities” (or assets or property equivalent thereto) have not been paid or 
transferred by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty. 
“Counterparty Posted 
Collateral (SL)”  
means, at any time, the “Collateral” (as defined in the Securities Lending 
Agreement) (if any) transferred by the SL Counterparty to the Issuer as 
collateral pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement (including any 
accrued interest and distributions entitled to be received in respect thereof), 
but only to the extent that, at such time, such “Collateral” (or assets or property 
equivalent thereto) have not been paid or transferred by the Issuer to the SL 
Counterparty. 
“Counterparty Reserved 
Matter” 
means, in respect of a Proposed Exercise of Rights, that such Proposed 
Exercise of Rights may result in one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a change in the form of any Collateral, including the exercise of any 
conversion right in respect of Collateral that is convertible into or 
exchangeable for other assets; 
(ii) 
a change in the timing or amounts of any payments or deliveries that 
would be due to be made in respect of any Collateral, including 
without limitation any changes in amounts of interest or principal 
payable, changes to interest payment dates, instalment dates or the 
maturity date; 
(iii) 
any change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Collateral, 
causing the subordination of such Collateral to any other obligation 
of any obligor of such Collateral; 
(iv) 
any other change to the Collateral that may have a material negative 
effect on any Counterparty; and 
(v) 
any other event specified as such in the Series Terms.

--- Page 141 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
129 
 
 
“Counterparty Reserved 
Matter Veto Notice” 
means, in respect of a Proposed Exercise of Rights, a notice from the 
Designated Counterparty to the Issuer (with a copy to the Trustee and the 
Calculation Agent) notifying the Issuer that the Designated Counterparty has 
determined that such Proposed Exercise of Rights relates to a Counterparty 
Reserved Matter and that the Designated Counterparty is exercising its right 
to veto such Proposed Exercise of Rights pursuant to Master Condition 5(b) 
(Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Collateral). 
“Couponholder”  
means the holder of any Coupon or Talon relating to an interest-bearing 
Instrument in definitive bearer form. 
“Coupons”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Credit Support Annex”  
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Master Agreement in this 
Definitions Annex to the Master Terms and Conditions. 
“Credit Support Balance”  
has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement.  
“Custodian” 
 means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any Successor or 
replacement Custodian appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its Specified 
Office. 
“Custody Agreement”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 142 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
130 
 
 
D 
“Day Count Fraction” 
means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Instrument 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last day of such period) (whether or not constituting an Interest 
Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the Series 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Series Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Series Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the Series 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)]+ [30 x (M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 143 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
131 
 
 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the Series Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)]+ [30 x (M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the Series Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2- Y1)]+ [30 x (M2- M1)]+ (D2- D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 144 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
132 
 
 
“D1” is the first day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the Series Terms: 
(1) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(2) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which it begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Determination Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
“Dealer” 
means Mediobanca or such other party or parties as is or are specified in the 
Series Terms. 
“Dealer Agreement” 
means the dealer agreement in respect of the Instruments entered into by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, each Dealer and any other parties specified in the 
Constituting Document by the execution by such parties of the Constituting 
Document. 
“Default Interest” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(f) (Accrual of interest). 
“Default Redemption 
Amount” 
means in respect of an Instrument, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to such Instrument’s pro rata share 
of: 
(i) 
the fair bid-side market value of the Collateral as of the Default 
Valuation Date net of any Taxes, costs or charges that would be

--- Page 145 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
133 
 
 
incurred on the sale of the Collateral (each as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); plus 
(ii) 
all amounts standing to the credit of the Series Reserve Account as 
of the Default Valuation Date; plus  
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent’s estimate of the Termination Amount (if any) 
in respect of the Swap Agreement that would be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer if the Default Valuation Date were to be 
designated as an Early Termination Date in respect of which the 
Issuer is the “Defaulting Party” as defined in, and in accordance with 
the Swap Agreement; plus 
(iv) 
if ‘Counterparty Agreement’ is specified in the Series Terms to include 
a Repo Agreement, the Calculation Agent’s estimate of the 
Termination Amount (if any) in respect of the Repo Agreement that 
would be payable by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer if the 
Default Valuation Date was the Repurchase Date (as defined in the 
Repo Agreement) resulting from an Event of Default (as defined in 
the Repo Agreement) in respect of the Issuer; plus 
(v) 
if ‘Counterparty Agreement’ is specified in the Series Terms to include 
a Securities Lending Agreement, the Calculation Agent’s estimate of 
the Termination Amount (if any) in respect of the Securities Lending 
Agreement that would be payable by the SL Counterparty to the 
Issuer if the Default Valuation Date was the Termination Date (as 
defined in the Securities Lending Agreement) resulting from an Event 
of Default (as defined in the Securities Lending Agreement); minus 
(vi) 
if ‘Counterparty Priority’ is specified in the Series Terms as applicable 
in respect of Master Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation 
Proceeds), the Calculation Agent’s estimate of the Termination 
Amount (if any) in respect of the Swap Agreement that would be 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty if the Default 
Valuation Date were to be designated as an Early Termination Date 
in respect of which the Issuer is the “Defaulting Party” as defined in, 
and in accordance with the Swap Agreement; minus 
(vii) 
if ‘Counterparty Agreement’ is specified in the Series Terms to include 
a Repo Agreement and an Event of Default (as defined in the Repo 
Agreement) has occurred, (if ‘Counterparty Priority’ is specified in the 
Series Terms as applicable in respect of Master Condition 13(a) 
(Application of Liquidation Proceeds)), the Calculation Agent’s 
estimate of the Termination Amount (if any) in respect of the Repo 
Agreement that would be payable by the Issuer to the Repo 
Counterparty if the Default Valuation Date was the Repurchase Date 
(as defined in the Repo Agreement) resulting from such Event of 
Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement); minus 
(viii)  
if ‘Counterparty Agreement’ is specified in the Series Terms to include 
a Securities Lending Agreement and an Event of Default (as defined 
in the Securities Lending Agreement) has occurred, (if ‘Counterparty 
Priority’ is specified in the Series Terms as applicable in respect of

--- Page 146 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
134 
 
 
Master Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds)), the 
Calculation Agent’s estimate of the Termination Amount (if any) in 
respect of the Securities Lending Agreement that would be payable 
by the Issuer to the SL Counterparty if the Default Valuation Date was 
the Termination Date (as defined in the Securities Lending 
Agreement) resulting from such Event of Default (as defined in the 
Securities Lending Agreement), 
provided that, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or the Series 
Terms, if (A) the Calculation Agent has estimated in accordance with 
paragraphs (vi), (vii) or (viii) above that any Termination Amount would be due 
to any Counterparty in an amount exceeding the  related Counterparty Posted 
Collateral, and (B) in the order of application of Liquidation Proceeds pursuant 
to Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds), the related Residual 
Claim Amount that may become due to that Counterparty would rank behind 
the Default Redemption Amount due to the Instrumentholder, the Default 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Instrument shall be subject to a 
maximum of the outstanding principal amount of such Instrument plus any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon. 
“Default Valuation Date” 
means the date on which the Instruments become due and payable pursuant 
to Master Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
“Designated Counterparty” 
means the party specified as such in the Series Terms or, if no party is so 
specified, the Swap Counterparty. 
“Determination Date”  
means each date specified as such in the Series Terms or, if none is so 
specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period”  
means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Determining Party”  
means, in respect of an Early Redemption Event, the party specified as such 
in respect of such Early Redemption Event in Master Condition 9(a) (Early 
Redemption Events and Determining Party), unless otherwise specified in the 
Series Terms. 
“Disposal Agency 
Agreement”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Disposal Agent”  
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any Successor 
thereto or replacement Disposal Agent appointed by the Issuer, in each case 
at its Specified Office. 
“Disposal Agent Bankruptcy 
Event”  
means the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Disposal Agent. 
“Disposal Agent Eligibility 
Criteria”  
mean, in respect of a proposed replacement Disposal Agent, that such entity 
(i) is a leading dealer of good standing in the relevant market in respect of the 
Collateral, and (ii) satisfies any additional Disposal Agent Eligibility Criteria that 
are specified as applicable in the Series Terms.

--- Page 147 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
135 
 
 
“Disposal Agent Fees”  
means any and all fees charged by, or any other amounts owed to, the 
Disposal Agent for the performance of its duties specified in, or incidental to, 
the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 148 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
136 
 
 
E 
“Early Cash Redemption 
Amount” 
means, in respect of each Instrument outstanding on the relevant Early 
Redemption Date, the amount specified as such in the Series Terms (or the 
amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining 
such amount specified therein) or, if no such amount is specified in the Series 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be an amount per 
Instrument equal to that Instrument’s pro rata share of:  
(i) 
the Net Liquidation Proceeds (provided that any part of such Net 
Liquidation Proceeds that is not denominated in the Specified 
Currency shall be converted into the Specified Currency at the spot 
foreign exchange rates prevailing for sale of the relevant currency 
and purchase of the Specified Currency (as determined by the 
Disposal Agent)); plus  
(ii) 
any Termination Amount in respect of the Swap Agreement that is 
payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon); plus 
(iii) 
any Termination Amount in respect of the Repo Agreement that is 
payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with any interest 
payable thereon); plus 
(iv) 
any Termination Amount in respect of the Securities Lending 
Agreement that is payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, with 
any interest payable thereon); minus 
(v) 
any amounts ranking in priority to the Instrumentholders pursuant to 
Master Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds), 
with the amount described in (i) above being calculated to exclude any amount 
paid by any Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination of all 
outstanding transactions under any Counterparty Agreement relating to the 
Instruments,  
provided that, unless otherwise specified in Final Terms or the Series Terms, 
if (A) any Termination Amount is due to any Counterparty in an amount 
exceeding the Excess Collateral Amount, and (B) in the order of application 
of Liquidation Proceeds pursuant to Master Condition 13(a) (Application of 
Liquidation Proceeds), the related Residual Claim Amount due to that 
Counterparty ranks behind the Early Redemption Amount due to the 
Instrumentholder, the Early Cash Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Instrument shall be subject to a maximum of the outstanding principal amount 
of such Instrument plus any unpaid accrued interest thereon. 
“Early Redemption Amount” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption 
Amount). 
“Early Redemption Date” 
means: 
(i) 
for the purposes of an Early Redemption Notice Date occurring as a 
result of an Underlying Collateral Repayment pursuant to Master

--- Page 149 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
137 
 
 
Condition 9(c) (Consequences of Early Redemption Events), the day 
that falls 10 Business Days after the later of the Underlying Collateral 
Early Payment Date and such Early Redemption Notice Date 
(provided that if all of the Collateral has been redeemed and/or 
Liquidated on or before the third Business Day prior to such date, the 
Early Redemption Date shall be the third Business Day after the later 
of (x) the Early Redemption Notice Date and (y) the date on which 
all proceeds of such redemption and/or Liquidation of the Collateral 
have been received by or on behalf of the Issuer); and 
(ii) 
for all other purposes, the day that falls ten Business Days after such 
Early Redemption Notice Date. 
“Early Redemption Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(a) (Early Redemption 
Events and Determining Party). 
“Early Redemption Event 
Determination Date”  
means the date of the Early Redemption Event Determination Notice given 
pursuant to Master Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption Event determination). 
“Early Redemption Event 
Determination Notice”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption Event 
determination). 
“Early Redemption Notice”  
means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Instrumentholders in 
accordance with Master Condition 23 (Notices) and that specifies that the 
Instruments are to be redeemed pursuant to Master Condition 9 (Early 
redemption).  An Early Redemption Notice given pursuant to Master Condition 
9 (Early redemption) must contain a description in reasonable detail of the 
facts relevant to the determination that the Instruments are to be redeemed 
and, in the case of an Early Redemption Notice given by the Issuer, must 
specify which Early Redemption Event(s) occurred to trigger the giving of such 
Early Redemption Notice.  A copy of any Early Redemption Notice shall also 
be sent by the Issuer to all Transaction Parties, save that any failure to deliver 
a copy shall not invalidate the relevant Early Redemption Notice. 
“Early Redemption Notice 
Date”  
means the date of the Early Redemption Notice provided to Instrumentholders 
by the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its behalf) pursuant to 
Master Condition 9(c) (Consequences of Early Redemption Events), subject 
to Master Condition 9(d) (Additional provisions relating to specific Early 
Redemption Events) in respect of an Underlying Collateral Tax Event, 
Instrument Tax Event or Issuer Tax Event. 
“Early Redemption 
Notification Period”  
means the period of five Business Days, or such other period as is specified 
in the Series Terms. 
“Early Termination Amount”  
has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement. 
“Early Termination Date”  
means, in respect of a Counterparty Agreement: 
(i) 
if such Counterparty Agreement is the Swap Agreement, the “Early 
Termination Date” (as defined in the Swap Agreement);

--- Page 150 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
138 
 
 
(ii) 
if such Counterparty Agreement is the Repo Agreement, the “Early 
Termination Date” (as defined in the Repo Agreement) or any other 
date on which all outstanding Repo Transactions are terminated in 
accordance with the Repo Agreement; 
(iii) 
if such Counterparty Agreement is the Securities Lending 
Agreement, the “Termination Date” (as such term is defined in the 
Securities Lending Agreement) that occurs pursuant to the 
occurrence of an “Event of Default” (as such term is defined in the 
Securities Lending Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 11.2 of the Securities Lending Agreement or any other 
date on which all outstanding SL Transactions are terminated in 
accordance with the Securities Lending Agreement; or 
(iv) 
if such Counterparty Agreement is an Other Counterparty 
Agreement, the date defined as such in such Other Counterparty 
Agreement. 
“Early Valuation Date”  
means the third Business Day prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
“Electronic Consent”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 18(c) (Written Resolutions 
and Electronic Consent). 
“Eligible Credit Support”  
has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement. 
“EMIR”  
means Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories 
dated 4 July 2012. 
“Enforcement Event” 
means: 
(i) 
that the Instruments have become immediately due and repayable 
and have not been repaid pursuant to Master Condition 11 (Events 
of Default); 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to pay (a) the Final Redemption Amount and/or (b) 
any interest, Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Amount 
or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the 
Maturity Date, and, in each case, has not paid any such amount 
(together with any Default Interest accrued thereon) on or by the date 
on which such payment was required; 
(iii) 
following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Notice Date, 
payment and/or delivery in respect of the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Instruments is not made on the Early Redemption 
Date;  
(iv) 
following the occurrence of an Optional Redemption Exercise Notice 
Date, payment and/or delivery in respect of the Optional Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Instruments is not made on the Optional 
Redemption Date; or

--- Page 151 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
139 
 
 
(v) 
the failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due and payable to any 
Counterparty on the relevant due date for payment under any 
Counterparty Agreement. 
“Enforcement Notice”  
means a notice given by the Trustee pursuant to Master Condition 12(a) 
(Trustee to enforce Transaction Security) that (i) the Trustee intends to 
enforce the Transaction Security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any 
other Security Documents (if applicable) and (ii) the Disposal Agent is to 
cease to effect any further Liquidation of the Collateral (if such Liquidation is 
taking place) save that any transaction entered into in connection with the 
Liquidation on or prior to the effective date of such Enforcement Notice shall 
be settled and the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary 
to settle such transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. 
“Equivalent Obligations” 
 means any Obligations that are issued in fungible form and that share 
common terms and conditions. 
“EURIBOR” 
means Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate. 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” 
means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended. 
“Euroclear” 
means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Event of Default”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
“Excess Collateral Amount” 
means, with respect to a Counterparty that is: 
(i) 
the Repo Counterparty, the Excess Collateral Amount (Repo 
Counterparty); 
(ii) 
the SL Counterparty, the Excess Collateral Amount (SL 
Counterparty); or 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty, the Excess Collateral Amount (Swap 
Counterparty). 
“Excess Collateral Amount 
(Repo Counterparty)” 
means an amount (which cannot be less than zero) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency following the occurrence of an 
Early Termination Date with respect to the Repo Agreement, equal to: 
(i) 
the value of the Counterparty Posted Collateral (Repo) used in 
determining the amount payable under paragraph 10(d) of the Repo 
Agreement; minus 
(ii) 
the amount that would be payable by the Repo Counterparty to the 
Issuer under paragraph 10(d) of the Repo Agreement if the value of 
the Counterparty Posted Collateral (Repo) was zero. 
“Excess Collateral Amount 
(SL Counterparty)” 
means an amount (which cannot be less than zero) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency following the occurrence of an

--- Page 152 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
140 
 
 
Early Termination Date with respect to the Securities Lending Agreement, 
equal to: 
(i) 
the value of the Counterparty Posted Collateral (SL) used in 
determining the amount payable under paragraph 11.2 of the 
Securities Lending Agreement; minus 
(ii) 
the amount that would be payable by the SL Counterparty to the 
Issuer under paragraph 11.2 of the Securities Lending Agreement if 
the value of the Counterparty Posted Collateral (SL) was zero. 
“Excess Collateral Amount 
(Swap Counterparty)” 
means an amount (which cannot be less than zero) determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency following the occurrence of an 
Early Termination Date with respect to the Swap Agreement, equal to: 
(i) 
the value of the Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA) used in 
determining the “Early Termination Amount” (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement); minus 
(ii) 
the amount that would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer upon such termination of the Swap Agreement if the value of 
the Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA) was zero. 
“Excess Collateral 
Liquidation Proceeds” 
means the Liquidation Proceeds arising as a result of the Liquidation of 
Collateral pursuant to Clause 2(d) (Early Termination Amount owed by the 
Issuer: Liquidation of Collateral) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex, 
to the extent that these exceed the amount necessary to fund the payment by 
the Issuer of the Early Termination Amount. 
“Exercise Notice”  
means an exercise notice in or substantially in the form set out in the Master 
Trust Terms. 
“Existing Swap Agreement”  
means, in respect of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, the Swap 
Agreement entered into in connection with the Instruments on the terms 
applicable to such Swap Agreement immediately prior to such Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Event. 
“Extraordinary Resolution”  
means a resolution of Instrumentholders passed (i) at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the votes cast, (ii) by a Written Resolution, or (iii) by Electronic 
Consent.

--- Page 153 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
141 
 
 
F 
“FATCA”  
means (i) sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; (ii) any similar or successor 
legislation to (i); (iii) any agreement described in section 1471(b) of the Code; 
(iv) any regulations or guidance pursuant to any of the foregoing; (v) any 
official interpretations of any of the foregoing; (vi) any intergovernmental 
agreement to facilitate the implementation of any of the foregoing (an “IGA”); 
or (vii) any law implementing an IGA. 
“FATCA Withholding”  
means any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax imposed on any 
payments pursuant to FATCA. 
“Final Redemption Amount”  
means, in respect of an Instrument, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (i) the amount specified as such in the Series Terms or 
Additional Terms and Conditions (or the amount determined in accordance 
with the formula or method for determining such amount specified therein), or 
(ii) if no amount is so specified, the outstanding principal amount of such 
Instrument. 
“Final Terms”  
means, if applicable, the final terms completed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Instruments. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount”  
has the meaning given to it in the Series Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Instrument”  
means an Instrument the ‘Interest Basis’ of which is specified as such in the 
Series Terms to be Fixed Rate. 
“Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention”  
means, if ‘Floating Rate Business Day Convention’ is specified in the Series 
Terms as the Business Day Convention, each date that is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, will be adjusted 
in the manner set out in paragraph (i) of Master Condition 15(c) (Business 
Day Convention). 
“Floating Rate Instrument” 
 means an Instrument the ‘Interest Basis’ of which is specified in the Series 
Terms to be Floating Rate. 
“Following Business Day 
Convention”  
means, if ‘Following Business Day Convention’ is specified in the Series 
Terms as the Business Day Convention, each date that is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, will be adjusted 
in the manner set out in paragraph (ii) of Master Condition 15(c) (Business 
Day Convention). 
“Full Collateral Entitlement” 
means the face amount of Collateral that would be comprised in the 
Mortgaged Property on the Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation 
Date, if the Mortgaged Property were also to include: 
(i) 
all Collateral comprised in the Issuer’s Credit Support Balance 
immediately prior to the termination of the Swap Agreement; and

--- Page 154 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
142 
 
 
(ii) 
all Collateral (if any) that was Liquidated pursuant to Clause 2(d) 
(Early Termination Amount owed by the Issuer: Liquidation of 
Collateral) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Further Continuing Series 
Instrumentholders”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(f) (Further Instrumentholder Election) 
of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Further Series Continuation 
Determination Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(f) (Further Instrumentholder Election) 
of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Further Series Continuation 
Election” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(f) (Further Instrumentholder Election) 
of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Further Series Continuation 
Funding Amount”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(e) (Series Reserve Account Balance 
Trigger Event) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Further Series Continuation 
Funding Notice”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(e) (Series Reserve Account Balance 
Trigger Event) of the Arranger Event Annex.

--- Page 155 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
143 
 
 
G 
“Global Bearer Instrument”  
means a temporary Global Bearer Instrument and/or, as the context requires, 
a permanent Global Bearer Instrument, in each case representing some or all 
of the Instruments of a Series in bearer form, substantially in the form set out 
in the Master Trust Terms. 
“Global Instrument”  
means a Global Bearer Instrument and/or, as the context requires, a Global 
Registered Certificate. 
“Global Registered 
Certificate”  
means a certificate in permanent global form representing some or all of the 
Instruments of a Series in registered form, substantially in the form set out in 
the Master Trust Terms. 
“GMRA” 
means (a) where the Repo Counterparty for the Instruments is specified in 
the Series Terms to be Mediobanca, the agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and Mediobanca by execution of the Constituting Document and which 
is in the form of a 2011 Global Master Repurchase Agreement published by 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association and the 
International Capital Market Association, or (b) where the Repo Counterparty 
for the Instruments is specified in the Series Terms to be an entity other than 
Mediobanca, the agreement specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“GMSLA” 
means (a) where the SL Counterparty for the Instruments is specified in the 
Series Terms to be Mediobanca, the agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and Mediobanca by execution of the Constituting Document and which 
is in the form of a ISLA 2010 Global Master Securities Lending Agreement 
published by the International Securities Lending Association (ISLA), or (b) 
where the SL Counterparty for the Instruments is specified in the Series 
Terms to be an entity other than Mediobanca, the agreement specified as 
such in the Series Terms. 
“Governmental Authority”  
means (a) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), (b) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body, (c) any authority or 
any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of a Collateral Obligor or some or of all of its 
obligations; or (d) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities 
specified in (a) to (c) of this definition.

--- Page 156 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
144 
 
 
I 
“Identical Collateral”  
means, in respect of Underlying Collateral in the form of securities, shares or 
any other assets which can be issued in fungible form, any such securities, 
shares or other assets that, immediately prior to the event in question, were 
part of the same issuance or series of fungible issuances of securities, shares 
or assets, shared common terms and conditions and ranked pari passu with 
such securities, shares or assets. 
“Illegality Event”  
shall occur if, due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law 
after the Issue Date, or due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law after such date, it becomes unlawful for the 
Issuer (i) to perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment 
or delivery in respect of the Instruments or any agreement entered into in 
connection with the Instruments, (ii) to hold any Collateral or to receive a 
payment or delivery in respect of any Collateral or (iii) to comply with any other 
material provision of any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Instruments.  
“Initial Continuing Series 
Instrumentholders”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) of the 
Arranger Event Annex. 
“Initial Issuer Application 
Date”  
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Issuer Application Date in this 
Definitions Annex to the Master Terms and Conditions. 
“Initial Series Continuation 
Funding Amount”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(c) (Calculations) of the Arranger Event 
Annex. 
“Initial Series Continuation 
Funding Notice”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(c) (Calculations) of the Arranger Event 
Annex. 
“Instalment Amount”  
means, in respect of an Instrument and an Instalment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such 
in the Series Terms or the amount determined in accordance with the formula 
or method for determining such amount specified therein. 
“Instalment Date”  
means, in respect of an Instrument, each date specified as such in the Series 
Terms. 
“Instalment Instrument”  
means an Instrument that is specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Instrumentholder”  
means the bearer of any Bearer Instrument and the Receipts relating to it or 
the person in whose name a Registered Instrument is registered (as the case 
may be) and “holder” (in relation to an Instrument, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Instrument, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the 
person in whose name a Registered Instrument is registered (as the case 
may be). A person shown in the records of a Clearing System as the 
accountholder or participant with entitlements in respect of any Global 
Instrument may be treated by the Issuer and the Trustee as an 
Instrumentholder when considering the interests of the Instrumentholders.

--- Page 157 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
145 
 
 
“Instrumentholder 
Representative”  
means the party designated as such in the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Notice. 
“Instrumentholder 
Representative Last Look 
Right” 
means, if ‘Instrumentholder Last Look Right’ is stated to be applicable in the 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, the right of the Instrumentholder 
Representative to select the Replacement Swap Counterparty from the 
entities participating in the Swap Counterparty Auction, in accordance with 
Clause 2(h) (Swap Counterparty Auction) of the Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex. 
“Instrumentholder Settlement 
Option”  
means if ‘Instrumentholder Settlement Option’ is specified as applicable in the 
Series Terms, the option of Instrumentholders to elect the method of 
settlement of the Instruments in accordance with Master Condition 9(f) 
(Instrumentholder Settlement Option procedure). 
“Instrumentholder-related 
Tax Event” 
means, in respect of a Series of Instruments, an event falling within 
paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Instrument Tax Event where the 
relevant Tax Deduction to which such Instrument Tax Event relates arises as 
a result of any connection of the Instrumentholder  or Couponholder to the 
jurisdiction of the authority imposing the relevant Tax Deduction otherwise 
than by reason only of the holding of any Instrument or receiving or being 
entitled to any payment in respect thereof. 
“Instrumentholder Tax 
Continuation Election” 
has the meaning specified in paragraph (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Master Condition 
9(d) (Additional provisions relating to specific Early Redemption Events) 
“Instrument Tax Event” 
Subject to Master Condition 9(d) (Additional provisions relating to specific 
Early Redemption Events), an “Instrument Tax Event” shall occur in respect 
of a Series on Instruments if: 
(i) 
on the due date for any payment in respect of that Series of 
Instruments, the Issuer will be required by Applicable Law to make a 
Tax Deduction other than a FATCA Withholding from such payment; 
or 
(ii) 
on the due date for any payment in respect of that Series of 
Instruments, such a Tax Deduction is actually made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of such payment in respect of that Series of 
Instruments, 
in each case, other than where such event constitutes an “Instrumentholder-
related Tax Event”. 
“Instruments” 
means, the instruments of a Series issued under the Programme, and 
includes any Global Instrument representing them, and in the case of a Bearer 
Instrument includes that Bearer Instrument, any related Coupon, Receipt or 
Talon, whether or not attached, and in the case of a Registered Instrument, 
includes the related Certificate and in each case any replacements issued 
under the Conditions.

--- Page 158 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
146 
 
 
“interest” 
in the context of amounts payable in respect of the Instruments, shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Master Condition 7 (Interest). 
“Interest Accrual Period” 
means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” 
means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement 
Date” 
means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the Series 
Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” 
means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the Series Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling, (ii) 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” 
means: 
(i) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Instruments, each date specified as an 
Interest Payment Date in the Series Terms; 
(ii) 
in respect of Pass-Through Interest Instruments, unless otherwise 
specified in the Series Terms, the day that is the earliest day on 
which it is reasonably practicable for the Issuer to make payment of 
an Interest Amount following receipt by the Issuer of any amount of 
interest in respect of the Underlying Collateral;  
(iii) 
in respect of all Instruments other than Fixed Rate Instruments and 
Pass-Through Interest Instruments, each date specified as a 
Specified Interest Payment Date in the Series Terms. 
“Interest Period”  
means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date”  
means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the Series 
Terms.

--- Page 159 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
147 
 
 
“Involuntary Dispossession 
Law 1996” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 16(j) (Prescription). 
“ISDA”  
means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Definitions”  
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and, in respect of each Series, as amended 
and supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
such Series, unless otherwise specified in the Series Terms. 
“ISDA Rate”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 7(b)(iii) (ISDA Determination). 
“Issue Date”  
means the date specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Issuer”  
means in relation to a Series of Instruments, the party named in the 
Constituting Document for such Series being Buckingham Gate S.A. acting in 
respect of one of its Compartments. 
“Issuer Application Date” 
means each of: 
(i) 
where no Physical Redemption Amount is deliverable in respect of 
any Instruments, the Early Redemption Date or Relevant Date, or, if 
later, the third Business Day after the earliest date on which the 
amount(s) owing to or from each Counterparty under each 
Counterparty Agreement and the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Final Redemption Amount and any interest or Instalment Amount 
that has become due and payable on the Maturity Date, have been 
determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions and/or the terms 
of the relevant Transaction Document(s), as applicable and, to the 
extent not all the Collateral has been Liquidated in full or the cash 
proceeds of such Liquidation have not been received by or on behalf 
of the Issuer by such time, each day that is three Business Days 
following receipt by the Issuer of additional proceeds resulting from 
the related Liquidation; or 
(ii) 
where a Physical Redemption Amount is deliverable in respect of 
any Instruments, the Early Redemption Date or Relevant Date, or, if 
later, the later of (a) the date falling three Business Days after the 
Physical Redemption Priority Payment Amount has been received 
by or on behalf of the Issuer and (b) the third Business Day after the 
earliest date on which the amount(s) owing to or from each 
Counterparty under each Counterparty Agreement and the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount and any interest 
or Instalment Amount that has become due and payable on the 
Maturity Date, have been determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Transaction Document(s), 
as applicable (the Issuer Application Date pursuant to sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, the “Initial Issuer 
Application Date”); and  
(iii) 
in respect of each sum received by the Issuer from the Mortgaged 
Property that has not already been applied on the Initial Issuer

--- Page 160 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
148 
 
 
Application Date, the date falling three Business Days following 
receipt by the Issuer of such sum. 
“Issuer Call Option” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 8(f) (Optional redemption – 
Issuer Call Option). 
“Issuer Excess Amount”  
means: 
(i) 
(A) if the Early Termination Amount is payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer, the amounts actually received by the 
Issuer in respect of any Early Termination Amount prior to the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date, or (B) if the Early 
Termination Amount is payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty, any Excess Collateral Liquidation Proceeds; minus 
(ii) 
the Total Replacement Price, 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
“Issuer Shortfall Amount”  
means an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Total Replacement Price; minus 
(ii) 
(A) if the Early Termination Amount is payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer, the amounts actually received by the 
Issuer in respect of any Early Termination Amount prior to the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date, or (B) if the Early 
Termination Amount is payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty, any Excess Collateral Liquidation Proceeds, 
subject to a minimum of zero. 
“Issuer’s Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Account”  
means an account of the Issuer with the Custodian, subject to the Transaction 
Security, into which payment of the Issuer Shortfall Amount should be made 
by Instrumentholders, as notified to Instrumentholders pursuant to Clause 2(l) 
(Amounts payable) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Issuer Tax Event” 
subject to Master Condition 9(d) (Additional provisions relating to specific 
Early Redemption Events), an “Issuer Tax Event” shall occur in respect of a 
Series if the Issuer is or will be: 
(i) 
obliged under any Applicable Law to pay or account for Tax to any 
authority in respect of its income, profits or gains in respect of that 
Series; or  
(ii) 
becomes subject under Applicable Law, as a result of entering into 
or being or remaining party to that Series, to any restriction in its 
ability to deduct any interest or similar expense paid or accrued to 
be paid by it from any calculation of its net income, profit or gains for 
any relevant Tax purpose; or

--- Page 161 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
149 
 
 
(iii) 
otherwise obliged to pay or account for any Tax to any authority 
under any Applicable Law in respect of or as a result of entering into 
that Series 
in each case such that the Issuer would be unable to make a payment due in 
respect of that Series of Instruments in full on the date such payment falls due 
in addition to paying any Tax for which it is or may become liable as a result 
of the matters referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above.  
“Issuing and Paying Agent”  
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any Successor 
thereto or replacement Issuing and Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer, in 
each case at its Specified Office.

--- Page 162 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
150 
 
 
L 
“LIBOR” 
means the London inter-bank offered rate. 
“Linear Interpolation”  
means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant ISDA Rate or Screen Rate (as applicable), one of which will be 
determined as if the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which will be determined as if the Specified Duration 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of such Interest Accrual Period. 
“Liquidation”  
means, in respect of any Collateral, the realisation of such Collateral for cash 
proceeds whether by way of sale, early redemption, early repayment or 
agreed termination or by such other means as the Disposal Agent determines 
appropriate or in any other manner specified in the Series Terms and 
“Liquidate”, “Liquidated” and “Liquidating” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Liquidation Commencement 
Date”  
means the later of (i) the earlier of the day on which the Disposal Agent 
receives an Early Redemption Notice and the date on which the Disposal 
Agent otherwise determines to commence liquidation of the Collateral in 
accordance with Master Condition 10(a) (Liquidation process), and (ii) if the 
Early Redemption Settlement Method is specified as ‘Instrumentholder 
Settlement Option’ in the Series Terms and the Disposal Agent has received 
an Early Redemption Notice, the Settlement Option Cut-off Date. 
“Liquidation Event”  
means the occurrence of an Early Redemption Notice Date. 
“Liquidation Expenses”  
means (i) any Taxes and (ii) any reasonable transaction fees or commissions 
applicable to such Liquidation, including any brokerage or exchange 
commissions, provided that such transaction fees or commissions are limited 
to and no higher than those that would necessarily and routinely be charged 
by the third party market participant to whom such fees or commissions are 
payable for a sale transaction of that type to third parties on an arm’s length 
basis.  Save for such reasonable transaction fees or commissions, Liquidation 
Expenses shall not include any Disposal Agent Fees.  
“Liquidation Proceeds” 
means, with respect to a Liquidation Event or Enforcement Event, as of a 
particular day: 
(i) 
all cash sums derived from any Liquidation of Collateral for the 
Instruments, all amounts (if any) paid by each Counterparty to the 
Issuer as a result of the termination of all outstanding transactions 
under the Counterparty Agreement(s) relating to the Instruments and 
all other cash sums available to the Issuer or the Trustee, as the 
case may be, derived from the Mortgaged Property for such Series 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any amounts realised from the 
enforcement of the Transaction Security); less 
(ii) 
any cash sums which have already been applied by the Issuer on 
any Issuer Application Date or by the Trustee on any Trustee

--- Page 163 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
151 
 
 
Application Date, in each case pursuant to Master Condition 13(a) 
(Application of Liquidation Proceeds). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Redemption Amount is 
deliverable by the Issuer in respect of any Instruments, the Collateral 
comprised in such Physical Redemption Amount shall not constitute 
Liquidation Proceeds. 
“Luxembourg” 
means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 164 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
152 
 
 
M 
“Mandate Agreement” 
means the mandate agreement entered into between the Company and the 
Arranger dated 12 February 2020. 
“Mandatory Reference Rate 
Event” 
means, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate announcing 
that (A) the regulatory supervisor has determined that such 
Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored and (B) it is being made in the 
awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain 
contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation 
announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in 
contracts. 
“Margin” 
means the percentage specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Master Agency Terms” 
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Master Agreement”  
means (a) where the Swap Counterparty for the Instruments is specified in 
the Series Terms to be Mediobanca, the agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and Mediobanca by execution of the Constituting Document and which 
is in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement together with a schedule 
(the “Schedule”) thereto and which, if so specified in the Series Terms, shall 
include a credit support annex to the Schedule to the ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement in the form of the ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – 
Transfer) (the “Credit Support Annex”) or (b) where the Swap Counterparty

--- Page 165 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
153 
 
 
for the Instruments is specified in the Series Terms to be an entity other than 
Mediobanca, the agreement defined as such in the Series Terms. 
“Master Calculation Agency 
Terms”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Master Condition” 
has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Master Terms and Conditions”. 
“Master Custody Terms” 
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Master Disposal Agency 
Terms”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Master Terms and 
Conditions”  
means these master terms and conditions, as set out in Part C of Schedule 2 
of the Master Trust Terms. References to a particularly numbered “Master 
Condition” shall be construed as a reference to the Master Condition so 
numbered in the Master Terms and Conditions. 
“Master Trust Terms”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Maturity Cut-off Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 12(e) (Counterparty 
Agreement termination). 
“Maturity Date”  
means, in respect of an Instrument, the date specified as such in the Series 
Terms. 
“Modified Following 
Business Day Convention”  
means, if ‘Modified Following Business Day Convention’ is specified in the 
Series Terms as the Business Day Convention, each date that is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, will be adjusted 
in the manner set out in paragraph (iii) of Master Condition 15(c) (Business 
Day Convention). 
“Mortgaged Property” 
means the items described in paragraphs (i) to (xiii) of Master Condition 5(a) 
(Transaction Security) and the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in any 
other assets, property, income, rights and/or agreements of the Issuer (other 
than the Issuer’s share capital) from time to time charged or assigned or 
otherwise made subject to the security created by the Issuer in favour of the 
Trustee pursuant to the Security Documents, as the case may be, in each 
case securing the Secured Payment Obligations and includes, where the 
context permits, any part of that Mortgaged Property.

--- Page 166 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
154 
 
 
N 
“Net Liquidation Proceeds” 
means the sum of: 
(i) 
Liquidation Proceeds as of the Early Valuation Date provided that if 
any Collateral has not been Liquidated by the Early Valuation Date 
then the Net Liquidation Proceeds in respect of such Collateral not 
then Liquidated shall be deemed to be the fair bid-side market value 
of such Collateral as of the Early Valuation Date (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) net of any Taxes, costs or charges that would 
be incurred on the sale of the Collateral; and 
(ii) 
all amounts standing to the credit of the Series Reserve Account as 
of the Early Valuation Date, in each case excluding any amounts 
paid by any Counterparty to the Issuer as a result of the termination 
of any transaction under any Counterparty Agreement relating to the 
Instruments. 
“NGN” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2(b) (Bearer Instruments). 
“Non-Compliance Event of 
Default” 
means that the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
material obligations under the Instruments or the Trust Deed, other than such 
obligations as may, with the passage of time, constitute a Payment Event of 
Default, and (unless such default is in the opinion of the Trustee incapable of 
remedy) is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer (with a copy to the 
Calculation Agent and each Counterparty) by the Trustee. 
“Non-Permitted Transferee” 
means: 
(i) 
a U.S. person (as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S of the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended); or 
(ii) 
a U.S. person (as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated 
under Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended); or 
(iii) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the 
purposes of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as 
amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) 
thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a “Non-
United States person” under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also 
including but not limited to a “U.S. person” as described in and for 
the purposes of the CFTC’s Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations, 
78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013), as amended from time to time). 
“Non-Series Overheads” 
means costs and expenses incurred by the Company that are not directly 
attributable to a specific Series of Instruments.

--- Page 167 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
155 
 
 
O 
“Obligation” 
means any obligation of the Issuer, which shall include, without limitation, any 
Instrument and any other obligation that may be entered into by the Issuer in 
the form of bonds, notes, loans, warrants, options, swaps or other obligations 
to the extent allowed under the Securitisation Law. 
“Optional Redemption 
Amount” 
means, in respect of each Instrument outstanding, the amount specified in the 
applicable Series Terms (or the amount determined in accordance with the 
formula or method for determining such amount specified therein) or, if no 
such amount is specified in the Series Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Optional Redemption Date” 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Series Terms or, if none 
is specified, the Optional Redemption Exercise Date in respect of which the 
Issuer Call Option was validly exercised. 
“Optional Redemption 
Exercise Date” 
means the date specified as such in the applicable Series Terms, or if none 
is specified, any Interest Payment Date. 
“Optional Redemption 
Exercise Notice Date” 
means the date of the Optional Redemption Exercise Notice provided to 
Instrumentholders by the Issuer (or the Issuing and Paying Agent on its 
behalf) pursuant to Master Condition 8(f) (Optional redemption – Issuer Call 
Option). 
“Optional Redemption 
Exercise Notice” 
means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to Instrumentholders in 
accordance with Master Condition 23 (Notices) and that specifies that the 
Instruments are to be redeemed pursuant to Master Condition 8(f) (Optional 
redemption – Issuer Call Option).  An Optional Redemption Exercise Notice 
must contain the Optional Redemption Exercise Date in respect of which the 
option is being exercised. 
“Other Counterparty” 
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any successor or 
replacement for such entity, and which expression as used herein shall mean 
all or any of such persons, as the case may be. 
“Other Counterparty 
Agreement” 
means, in respect of the Instruments, the agreement (if any) entered into 
between the Issuer and the Other Counterparty in respect of the Instruments, 
as specified in the Series Terms.

--- Page 168 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
156 
 
 
P 
“Page”  
means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the Series Terms. 
“Pass-Through Interest 
Instruments”  
means an Instrument the ‘Interest Basis’ of which is specified as such in the 
Series Terms to be Pass-Through Interest. 
“Payee Tax Representation”  
has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement. 
“Payer Tax Representation”  
has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement. 
“Paying Agent”  
means the Issuing and Paying Agent together with any entity(ies) specified 
as such in the Series Terms or any Successors thereto or replacement Paying 
Agent(s) appointed by the Issuer, in each case at their respective Specified 
Offices. 
“Payment Business Centre”  
means any payment business centre specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Payment Business Day”  
means: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a payment if a currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; 
 
(ii)  
in the case of a payment in euro, a day on which the TARGET 
System is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
 
(iii)  
in the case of a payment in a currency and/or one or more Payment 
Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in such Payment Business Centres or, if 
no currency is indicated, generally in each of such Payment 
Business Centres; and/or 
 
(iv) 
any other day specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Payment Business Day 
Convention”  
means one of the following, as specified in the Series Terms: (i) Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, (ii) Following Business Day Convention, (iii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or (iv) Preceding Business Day 
Convention. 
“Payment Event of Default”  
means default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest, 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount 
in respect of the Instruments or any of them, other than any interest, 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount 
due and payable on the Maturity Date, and other than where any such default 
occurs as a result of a Settlement Failure Event, a Collateral Event, an 
Instrument Tax Event, an Underlying Collateral Tax Event, a Swap

--- Page 169 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
157 
 
 
Termination Event, Repo Agreement Termination Event, Securities Lending 
Agreement Termination Event or a Counterparty Event. 
“Physical Redemption 
Amount”  
means the aggregate of all Collateral held by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Instruments on the relevant Early Redemption Date (for the 
avoidance, of doubt, following any application by the Issuer of an amount 
equal to the Physical Redemption Priority Payment Amount in satisfaction of 
all payment obligations of the Issuer ranking in priority to the 
Instrumentholders pursuant to Master Condition 13(a) (Application of 
Liquidation Proceeds)), plus any Termination Amount in respect of any 
Counterparty Agreement that is payable to the Issuer (together, if applicable, 
with any interest payable thereon). 
“Physical Redemption 
Priority Payment Amount”  
means an amount equal to the aggregate of all payment obligations of the 
Issuer ranking in priority to the Instrumentholders pursuant to Master 
Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds). 
“Potential Collateral Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d)(i) (Additional provisions 
relating to Collateral Events). 
“Potential Event of Default” 
means any event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse 
of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Preceding Business Day 
Convention”  
means, if ‘Preceding Business Day Convention’ is specified in the Series 
Terms as the Business Day Convention, each date that is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention, will be adjusted 
in the manner set out in paragraph (iv) of Master Condition 15(d) (Business 
Day Convention). 
“principal”  
shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the 
Instruments, all Instalment Amounts, Underlying Collateral Redemption 
Amounts, the Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount, 
any Default Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Master Condition 8 
(Scheduled redemption and purchase), Master Condition 9 (Early 
redemption) and/or Master Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
“Pro Rata Non-Series 
Overheads”  
means, in respect of a Series of Instruments, the proportion of the Non-Series 
Overheads that are allocated to such Series of Instruments based on the 
weighted notional to maturity of such Series. 
“Proceedings”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 25(b) (Jurisdiction). 
“Product Supplement”  
means any Product Supplement which is specified in the Series Terms. 
“Product Supplement 
Redemption Event”  
means any event specified as such in any applicable Product Supplement.  
“Programme”  
means the Company’s programme for the issuance of secured instruments.

--- Page 170 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
158 
 
 
“Proposed Exercise of 
Rights”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Issuer’s rights as 
beneficial owner of Collateral). 
“Proposed Exercise of Rights 
Cut-Off Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 5(b) (Issuer’s rights as 
beneficial owner of Collateral). 
“Prospectus Regulation”  
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
“Purchase Agreement”  
means the purchase agreement in respect of the Instruments entered into by 
the Issuer, the Seller and any other parties specified in the Constituting 
Document by the execution by such parties of the Constituting Document.

--- Page 171 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
159 
 
 
R 
“Rate of Interest”  
means the rate of interest, if any, payable from time to time in respect of an 
Instrument and that is either specified in, or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of, the Series Terms. 
“RCS”  
means the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (the Registre 
de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg). 
“Receipts”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Record Date”  
means, in respect of a Registered Instrument, the (i) 15th day before the due 
date for payment of any payment due on a Registered Instrument or (ii) where 
the Registered Instrument is represented by a Global Registered Certificate, 
at the close of business, on the day falling one Clearing System business day 
before the due date for payment of any payment due on a Registered 
Instrument. 
“Reference Banks”  
means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the Series Terms. 
“Reference Rate”  
means, in relation to any Series, the Reference Rate set out in the Series 
Terms (which shall include any relevant ISDA Rate). 
“Reference Rate Event” 
means, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
a Mandatory Reference Rate Event; 
(b) 
the definition of, or the methodology or formula for the determination 
of the Reference Rate, or other means of calculating such Reference 
Rate, is materially changed or is reasonably likely to be changed; 
(c) 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence or approval in respect of the Reference Rate or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate required by 
applicable law or regulation is not or will not be obtained or 
maintained in a timely manner; 
(d) 
the Reference Rate has or will be, as a matter of law, regulation, 
market practice or the announcements of, or protocol published by, 
any industry body, and any committee sponsored by or constituted 
at the request of any supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, superseded or 
no longer the industry standard for transactions that would previously 
have referenced such Reference Rate; 
(e) 
the Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development 
(including, without limitation, in the form of a protocol published by

--- Page 172 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
160 
 
 
ISDA) and the Reference Rate is replaced with a risk-free rate (or a 
near risk-free rate); 
(f) 
any Relevant Screen Page or Reference Rate is not available at any 
relevant time for purposes of the Master Conditions and the 
application of the provisions of Master Condition 7(h) (Reference 
Rate Event) or 9(d)(vii) (Additional provisions relating to Benchmark 
Events), as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent does not 
determine the relevant Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Event. 
“Reference Rate Redemption 
Event” 
shall occur if: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event, the Calculation 
Agent is, after using reasonable efforts to do so, unable to determine 
the Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with Master 
Condition 7(h) (Reference Rate Event) or determines that no 
amendments and/or adjustments can be made to the terms of the 
Instruments and any provisions of the Transaction Documents as 
contemplated in paragraph (i)(2) of Condition 7(i) (Reference Rate 
fallbacks); or 
(b) 
it (1) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation 
or (2) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for 
the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in Master 
Condition 7(h) (Reference Rate Event) (or it would be unlawful or 
would 
contravene 
those 
licensing 
requirements 
were 
a 
determination to be made at such time). 
“Register”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, denomination and 
title). 
“Registered Instruments”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 2 (Form, denomination and 
title). 
“Registrar”  
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any Successor 
thereto or replacement Registrar appointed by the Issuer, in each case at its 
Specified Office. 
“Regulatory Event” 
means that, as a result of: 
(i) 
an implementation or adoption of, or change in, law, regulation, 
interpretation, action or response of a regulatory authority;  
(ii) 
the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, 
government or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (a 
“Relevant Authority”) of, any relevant law or regulation; or

--- Page 173 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
161 
 
 
(iii) 
the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any 
Relevant Authority or any official or representative of any Relevant 
Authority acting in an official capacity, 
in each case at any time after the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as will be 
specified in the Series Terms: 
(1) 
there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming unlawful; or  
(2) 
it is or there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming unduly onerous, 
impracticable or impossible,  
for 
(A) 
the Issuer to maintain the Instruments and/or the Company to 
maintain the Programme or the Company (acting in respect of one 
more Compartments) generally to maintain other instruments issued 
under the Programme; and/or 
(B) 
any Regulatory Event Party to perform any duties in respect of or in 
connection with the Instruments or any Transaction Document. 
For the purpose of this definition, the reference to “unduly onerous, impossible 
or impractical” shall include, without limitation, circumstances in which a 
Regulatory Event Party would or may suffer a material increase in costs 
and/or less favourable regulatory, accounting or Tax treatment in connection 
with the Instruments, any Transaction Documents, the Programme or other 
instruments issued under the Programme generally. 
“Regulatory Event Party” 
means the Issuer, the Arranger, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, 
each Counterparty, the Calculation Agent and any Affiliate of any 
Counterparty. 
“Regulatory Redemption 
Event” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d)(vi) (Additional provisions 
relating to Regulatory Events). 
“Related Underlying 
Collateral Payment Date” 
means, in respect of a Pass-Through Interest Instrument and an Interest 
Payment Date, the date on which the Issuer received the amount of interest 
in respect of the Underlying Collateral that gave rise to such Interest Payment 
Date pursuant to paragraph (ii) of the definition of Interest Payment Date. 
“Relevant Date” 
means, in respect of any Instrument, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full 
of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that 
on which notice is duly given to the Instrumentholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Instrument (or relevant Certificate), Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” 
means, in respect of a Replacement Reference Rate:

--- Page 174 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
162 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is 
denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by: 
(I) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Benchmark is 
denominated; 
(II) 
any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Benchmark; 
(III) 
a group of those central banks or other supervisors; or 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” 
means any stock exchange or market on which the Instruments may be listed 
or admitted to trading from time to time. 
“Replacement Agent” 
means, in respect of an Agent: 
(i) 
if a party is specified as the Replacement Agent in respect of such 
Agent in the Series Terms, such party, or 
(ii) 
if no party is specified as the Replacement Agent in respect of such 
Agent in the Series Terms, the party designated as the Replacement 
Agent in an Agent Replacement Notice given pursuant to Clause 1(b) 
(Instrumentholder Election) of the Transaction Party Replacement 
Annex, 
provided that: 
(I) 
if sub-paragraph (i) above applies and an Extraordinary Resolution 
of Instrumentholders requiring a different party to be appointed as 
the Replacement Agent in respect of the Affected Agent is passed 
and notified to the Issuer on or before the tenth Business Day 
following the Agent Replacement Event Date, then the party 
designated in such Extraordinary Resolution shall be the 
Replacement Agent; and 
(II) 
the Replacement Agent must be a leading bank or financial 
institution engaged in the interbank market or other appropriate 
market and which satisfies any Additional Replacement Agent 
Eligibility Criteria specified in the Series Terms. 
“Replacement Adjustment 
Spread”  
means such adjustment percentage which may be positive, negative or zero 
which is required to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable 
any transfer of economic value as between (i) the Issuer and 
Instrumentholders and (ii) the Issuer and any relevant Counterparty, that 
would otherwise arise as a result of the selection of a Specified Alternative 
Rate, Replacement Alternative Rate or Replacement Industry Rate, as 
applicable, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any such adjustment

--- Page 175 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
163 
 
 
may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the 
Specified Alternative Rate, the Replacement Alternative Rate or the 
Replacement Industry Rate, as applicable, by comparison to the original 
Reference Rate. Where available, the Calculation Agent may determine the 
Replacement Adjustment Spread by reference to any spread or methodology 
for calculating a spread that has been formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the original Reference Rate. 
“Replacement Alternative 
Rate” 
means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any index, benchmark, rate or other 
price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by: 
(i) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate, provided that such 
index, benchmark, rate or other price source is substantially the same 
as that Reference Rate, 
in each case, to replace the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Replacement Industry Rate” 
means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, reference rate or other price 
source which is recognised as being the industry standard replacement for 
over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference 
Rate (which recognition may be in the form of a press release, member 
announcement, member advice letter, protocol publication of standard terms 
or otherwise by ISDA), if any, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Replacement Reference 
Rate” 
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Calculation Agent upon the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the Specified Alternative Rate plus (B) a Replacement 
Adjustment Spread; 
(ii) 
if there is no Specified Alternative Rate or if such Specified 
Alternative Rate is not then available or appropriate in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, the sum of: (A) a Replacement 
Alternative Rate plus (B) a Replacement Adjustment Spread; 
(iii) 
if there is no Specified Alternative Rate and Replacement Alternative 
Rate, or if such rates are not then available or appropriate in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, the sum of: (A) a Replacement 
Industry Rate plus (B) a Replacement Adjustment Spread. 
“Replacement Swap 
Agreement” 
means, in respect of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, a swap 
agreement (which must contain limited recourse and non-petition provisions 
equivalent to those set out in Master Condition 14 (Limited recourse and non-
petition)) to be entered into between the Issuer and the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty on identical terms to the Existing Swap Agreement except for 
any permitted differences set out in the Series Terms, or in such other form

--- Page 176 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
164 
 
 
as may be approved in advance by Instrumentholders holding 100 per cent. 
of the then outstanding principal amount of the Instruments. 
“Replacement Swap 
Counterparty” 
means, in connection with a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, either: 
(i) 
if a party has been designated as a Replacement Swap Counterparty 
in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, such party; or 
(ii) 
if a party has not been designated as a Replacement Swap 
Counterparty in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, the 
party selected as such pursuant to a Swap Counterparty Auction, 
in each case in respect of such Swap Counterparty Replacement Event and 
provided in each case that: 
(I) 
such party satisfies the Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria, or 
(II) 
except in relation to sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
Replacement 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Eligibility 
Criteria, 
such 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility Criteria have been 
waived by Instrumentholders holding 100 per cent. of the then 
outstanding principal amount of the Instruments and such waiver has 
been notified to the Issuer and the Trustee, 
in each case as at the date that it is designated or selected as the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty. 
“Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria” 
mean, in respect of a proposed Replacement Swap Counterparty, that such 
entity: 
(i) 
is a leading dealer of good standing in the relevant market in respect 
of the Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
has satisfied all ‘know-your-customer’ or equivalent checks required 
by any of the Issuer, the Trustee and each Agent in connection with 
such proposed Replacement Swap Counterparty becoming the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty and has itself completed all know-
your-customer’ or equivalent checks that it would require to be 
completed in order to become the Replacement Swap Counterparty; 
and 
(iii) 
satisfies any Additional Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria that are specified as applicable in the Series Terms. 
“Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Selection Date” 
means: 
(i) 
if the Replacement Swap Counterparty is specified in the Swap 
Counterparty 
Replacement 
Notice, 
the 
date 
such 
Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Notice is received by the Issuer; or

--- Page 177 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
165 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Replacement Swap Counterparty is selected pursuant to a 
Swap Counterparty Auction, the date that the Swap Counterparty 
Auction Result Notice is received by the Issuer. 
“Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Settlement Cut-
Off Date” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 2(l) (Amounts payable) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Settlement 
Date” 
means the day falling 5 Business Days following the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Calculation Date. 
“Replacement Swap Price” 
means, the amount expressed in the Specified Currency that would be 
payable by the Replacement Swap Counterparty or to the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty in connection with the agreement of such Replacement Swap 
Counterparty to become a party to the Replacement Swap Agreement, which 
amount shall be equal to: 
(i) 
if a Replacement Swap Counterparty and Replacement Swap Price 
were specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, such 
amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Replacement Swap Counterparty and Replacement Swap Price 
were not specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, 
the amount determined to be the Replacement Swap Price pursuant 
to the Swap Counterparty Auction. 
Where the Replacement Swap Price is payable by the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty such amount shall be expressed as a negative number and 
where the Replacement Swap Price is payable to the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty such amount shall be expressed as a positive number. 
“Repo Agreement”  
means, in respect of Instruments for which ‘Repo Agreement’ is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Constituting Document, an agreement 
comprising the GMRA, together with each annex (if any) thereto, each 
Repurchase Transaction and each confirmation relating to a Repo 
Transaction, in each case entered into between the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty in respect of the Instruments. 
“Repo Agreement 
Termination Event” 
means that an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Repo 
Transactions has been designated or deemed to have arisen under the Repo 
Agreement, for any reason other than as a result of the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Notice Date in respect of the Instruments. 
“Repo Counterparty”  
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any successor or 
replacement for such party, and which expression as used herein shall mean 
all or any of such persons, as the case may be. 
“Repo Transaction” 
means a securities repurchase transaction entered into between the Issuer 
and the Repo Counterparty in relation to the Instruments.

--- Page 178 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
166 
 
 
“Reserved Matters” 
means proposals for any one or more of the following: 
(i)  
to amend the dates of scheduled maturity or redemption of the 
Instruments (or the method for determining any such dates), any 
Instalment Date, any Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption 
Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the 
Instruments; 
(ii)  
to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment 
Amount or Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Amount 
of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Instruments; 
(iii)  
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Instruments or 
to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount 
of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect 
of the Instruments; 
(iv)  
to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Default Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount; 
(v)  
to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Instruments; 
(vi)  
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Instrumentholders or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(vii) 
to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this exception; 
(viii)  
to modify Master Condition 5 (Security) or to hold an Extraordinary 
Resolution for purposes of Master Condition 5(b) (Issuer’s rights as 
beneficial owner of Collateral);  
(ix) 
to modify Master Conditions 13 (Application of proceeds) or 14 
(Limited recourse and non-petition); 
(x) 
to modify Master Conditions 8(b) (Redemption by instalments) or 
8(c) (Underlying Collateral Amortisation redemption); or 
(xi) 
to modify Condition 9 (Early redemption) or Master Condition 11 
(Events of Default).

--- Page 179 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
167 
 
 
“Residual Claim Amount” 
means, at any time, an amount (which cannot be less than zero) determined 
by the Calculation Agent with respect to a Counterparty and a Counterparty 
Agreement, equal to: 
(i) 
the amount (if any) then payable by the Issuer to such Counterparty 
under such Counterparty Agreement, minus 
(ii) 
the Excess Collateral Amount relating to such Counterparty and 
Counterparty Agreement.

--- Page 180 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
168 
 
 
S 
“Schedule”  
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Master Agreement in this 
Definitions Annex to the Master Terms and Conditions. 
“Screen Rate” 
 has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 7(b)(iv) (Screen Rate 
Determination).  
“Section 871(m) Instruments”  
means any Instruments which are treated as “Specified Equity Linked 
Instruments” or “Specified Notional Principal Contracts” under Section 871(m) 
of the Code.    
“Secured Creditor”  
means: 
(i) 
each Instrumentholder; 
(ii) 
each holder of a Coupon, Receipt or Talon; and 
(iii) 
each Transaction Party, 
in each case, which is entitled to the benefit of Secured Payment Obligations. 
“Secured Payment 
Obligation”  
means any payment obligations of the Issuer to any Transaction Party under 
the Transaction Documents and each Instrument, Coupon, Receipt and 
Talon. 
“Securities Lending 
Agreement”  
means, in respect of Instruments for which ‘Securities Lending Agreement’ is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Constituting Document, an 
agreement comprising the GMSLA, together with each schedule (if any) 
thereto, each SL Transaction and each confirmation relating to an SL 
Transaction, in each case entered into between the Issuer and the SL 
Counterparty in respect of the Instruments. 
“Securities Lending 
Agreement Termination 
Event” 
means that an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL 
Transactions has been designated or deemed to have arisen under the 
Securities Lending Agreement, for any reason other than as a result of the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Notice Date in respect of the Instruments. 
“Securitisation Law” 
means the Luxembourg law dated 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as 
amended. 
“Security Document”  
means the Trust Deed and/or any other security document specified in the 
Series Terms in respect of the Instruments which creates or purports to create 
security in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors. 
“Seller” 
means Mediobanca or such other party as is specified as such in the Series 
Terms.

--- Page 181 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
169 
 
 
“Series”  
means a series of Instruments issued by the Issuer comprised of one Tranche 
or of multiple Tranches, where each subsequent Tranche is expressed to form 
a single Series with each earlier Tranche. 
“Series Continuation 
Election”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) of the 
Arranger Event Annex. 
“Series Continuation Funding 
Amount Shortfall Cut-Off 
Date” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(h) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Series Issuance Document”  
means, if the Instruments are not issued by way of Final Terms pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation, the document relating to the Instruments that 
describes the Series Terms. 
“Series Overheads”  
means costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer, in the determination of the 
Issuer, that are directly attributable to a specific Series of Instruments. 
“Series Reserve Account”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(d) (Payment) of the Arranger Event 
Annex. 
“Series Reserve Account 
Balance Event”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(f) (Further Instrumentholder Election) 
of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Series Reserve Account 
Balance Trigger Event” 
 has the meaning given to it in Clause 1(e) (Series Reserve Account Balance 
Trigger Event) of the Arranger Event Annex. 
“Series Terms”  
means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Series Issuance Document is 
prepared, the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Series Issuance 
Document, as specified in the relevant Constituting Document. 
“Settlement Failure Event”  
shall occur if, following an Underlying Collateral Settlement Failure, the 
Underlying Collateral has not been delivered to the Issuer within 30 Business 
Days of the Issue Date. 
“Settlement Option Cut-off 
Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(f) (Instrumentholder 
Settlement Option Procedure). 
“SFTR”  
means the European Union Regulation on Transparency of Securities 
Financing Transactions and of Reuse (2015/2365). 
“SL Counterparty”  
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any successor or 
replacement for such party, and which expression as used herein shall mean 
all or any of such persons, as the case may be. 
“SL Transaction” 
means a securities lending transaction entered into between the Issuer and 
the SL Counterparty in relation to the Instruments. 
“Sole Instrumentholder”  
means, at any time, the holder of all outstanding Instruments of a Series at 
such time.

--- Page 182 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
170 
 
 
“Special Quorum”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 18(b) (Quorum requirements 
and voting). 
“Specified Alternative Rate” 
means the rate specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Specified Currency”  
means the currency specified as such in the Series Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Instruments are denominated. 
“Specified Denomination”  
means, in respect of an Instrument, the amount or amounts specified in the 
Series Terms. 
“Specified Duration”  
means the duration specified as such in the Series Terms or, if none, a period 
equal to the corresponding Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment 
made in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s)”  
means, in respect of an Instrument (other than a Fixed Rate Instrument or a 
Pass-Through Interest Instrument), each date specified as such in the Series 
Terms. 
“Specified Jurisdiction”  
has the meaning given to it in the Swap Agreement. 
“Specified Office”  
means, in relation to a party, the office identified with its name in the Series 
Terms or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to the 
Instrumentholders in accordance with the Trust Deed. 
“Specified Regulatory Event”  
has the meaning given to it in the Series Terms. 
“Sterling”, “£” and “GBP” 
means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
“Successor”  
means, in relation to an Agent, such other or further person as may from time 
to time be appointed by the Issuer as such Agent with the written approval of, 
and on terms approved in writing by, the Trustee (except that the written 
approval of the Trustee shall not apply to any Disposal Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent where the Instrumentholders give an instruction to the 
Issuer to appoint a replacement Disposal Agent and/or Calculation Agent 
subject to and in accordance with Clause 1 (Agent Replacement) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex) and notice of whose appointment is 
given to Instrumentholders pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
“Suspension Cancellation 
Event Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d)(i) (Additional provisions 
relating to Collateral Events). 
“Suspension Determination 
Date”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d)(i) (Additional provisions 
relating to Collateral Events). 
“Suspension Period”  
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 9(d)(i) (Additional provisions 
relating to Collateral Events).

--- Page 183 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
171 
 
 
“Swap Agreement”  
means, in respect of the Instruments for which a Master Agreement is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Constituting Document, an 
agreement comprising the Master Agreement with respect to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty together with all Swap Transactions, and the 
confirmations evidencing such Swap Transactions, in each case entered into 
between the Issuer and that Swap Counterparty in respect of the Instruments. 
“Swap Counterparty”  
means the entity specified as such in the Series Terms or any successor 
thereto or any Replacement Swap Counterparty, and which expression as 
used herein shall mean all or any of such persons, as the case may be. 
“Swap Counterparty Auction”  
means the auction described in Clause 2(h) (Swap Counterparty Auction) of 
the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty Auction 
Costs”  
means the aggregate of all anticipated fees, costs and expenses that will be 
incurred by the Auction Agent in connection with the Swap Counterparty 
Auction. 
“Swap Counterparty Auction 
Costs Payment Date” 
 has the meaning given to such term in Clause 2(h) (Swap Counterparty 
Auction) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty Auction 
Requirements” 
means: 
(i) 
each entity that is invited to participate in the auction must satisfy the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility Criteria as at the Swap 
Counterparty Auction Costs Payment Date;  
(ii) 
the auction is completed on or before 20 Business Days following 
the Swap Counterparty Replacement Election Cut-Off Date; and 
(iii) 
the auction satisfies any ‘Swap Counterparty Additional Auction 
Requirements’ that are specified as applicable in the Series Terms, 
provided that any of the Swap Counterparty Auction Requirements other than 
that set out in sub-paragraph (ii) above and in sub-paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of “Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility Criteria”, may be 
waived by 100 per cent. Instrumentholders. 
“Swap Counterparty Auction 
Result Notice” 
has the meaning given to such term in Clause 2(h) (Swap Counterparty 
Auction) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Downgrade Trigger Event”  
has the meaning given to it in the Series Terms. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Additional 
Payment Amount”  
means an amount per Instrument equal to such Instrument’s pro rata share 
of the Issuer Excess Amount. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Agreement”  
means an agreement substantially in the form scheduled to the Master Trust 
Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
172 
 
 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Calculation 
Date”  
means the day falling 2 Business Days after the date of the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Agreement. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Calculation 
Notice”  
has the meaning given to it in Clause 2(l) (Amounts payable) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Election”  
has the meaning given to such term in Clause 2(b) (Instrumentholder Election) 
of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Election Cut-Off 
Date”  
has the meaning given to such term in Clause 2(b) (Instrumentholder Election) 
of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Event”  
means one or more of the following events, as specified in the Series Terms: 
(i) 
if ‘Swap Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, an 
Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) in respect of 
which the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party; and/or 
(ii) 
if ‘Downgrade Event’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, 
a Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event has occurred. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure Event” 
means the occurrence of any of the following: 
(i) 
no valid Swap Counterparty Replacement Election is made on or 
before the Swap Counterparty Replacement Election Cut-Off Date; 
(ii) 
one of the events specified as such in Clause 2(i) (Swap 
Counterparty Auction failure) of the Transaction Party Replacement 
Annex; 
(iii) 
the event specified as such in Clause 2(g) (Know-Your-Customer) of 
the Transaction Party Replacement Annex; 
(iv) 
if Clause 2(j) (Replacement Disposal Agent) of the Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex applies, no replacement Disposal Agent is 
validly designated in accordance with such provision on or before the 
day falling 5 Business Days after the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Selection Date;  
(v) 
the event specified as such in Clause 2(k) (Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Agreement) of the Transaction Party Replacement 
Annex; and 
(vi) 
an amount in respect of an Issuer Shortfall Amount is payable by 
Instrumentholders pursuant to Clause 2(l) (Amounts payable) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex and is not received in full by 
the Issuer on or before the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Settlement Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 185 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
173 
 
 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Notice” 
means, following the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, 
a notice given by 100 per cent. Instrumentholders to the Issuer, copying the 
Agents and the Trustee in accordance with Clause 2(b) (Instrumentholder 
Election) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex and which contains 
the following: 
(i) 
either (a) the name, address and contact details of the designated 
Replacement Swap Counterparty, the Replacement Swap Price, the 
Collateral Replacement Price, the Total Replacement Price and 
confirmation as to whether the Replacement Swap Counterparty will 
take on the Disposal Agent role in respect of the Instruments, or (b) 
the name, address and contact details, including the email address, 
of the Auction Agent; 
(ii) 
the name and contact details, including the email address, of the 
Instrumentholder 
Representative 
who 
will 
represent 
Instrumentholders in connection with the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement 
Process 
and 
the 
terms 
on 
which 
such 
Instrumentholder Representative is appointed; 
(iii) 
if no Replacement Swap Counterparty is designated in the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Notice, a statement as to whether the 
Instrumentholder Representative Last Look Right will apply in 
respect of the Swap Counterparty Auction; 
(iv) 
an election by 100 per cent. Instrumentholders as to whether or not 
to receive assignment of the Unpaid Early Termination Amount in 
relation to the Existing Swap Agreement (if any) and, if such an 
election is made to receive such assignment, the name and contact 
details of the party to whom such assignment is to be made; 
(v) 
confirmation that 100 per cent. Instrumentholders have blocked their 
account(s) in respect of all of the Instruments until the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Process has been completed. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Process” 
means the process for replacing the Swap Counterparty following the 
occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, as set out in Clause 
2 (Swap Counterparty Replacement) of the Transaction Party Replacement 
Annex. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Resumption 
Date” 
has the meaning given to it in Clause 2(o) (Suspension of Payments) of the 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Swap Termination Event” 
means that an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap 
Transactions has been designated or deemed to have been designated by 
the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as applicable, under the Swap 
Agreement for any reason other than (i) as a result of the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Notice Date in respect of the Instruments, or (ii) in 
circumstances that also constitute a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event.

--- Page 186 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
174 
 
 
“Swap Transaction” 
means a derivative transaction entered into between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty in relation to the Instruments.

--- Page 187 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
175 
 
 
T 
“Talons”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“TARGET System”  
means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
“Tax” or ”Taxes” 
means any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or 
withholding of a similar nature (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) 
imposed by any authority of any jurisdiction. 
“Tax Deduction” 
means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax. 
“Termination Amount”  
means: 
(i)  
in respect of a Swap Agreement, any Early Termination Amount (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) due under such Swap Agreement;  
(ii)  
in respect of a Repo Agreement, the balance determined pursuant to 
paragraph 10(c) thereof; and 
(iii) 
in respect of Securities Lending Agreement, the balance determined 
pursuant to paragraph 11.2 thereof. 
“Terms and Conditions”  
means, in respect of the Instruments, the Master Terms and Conditions as 
modified and supplemented by any Additional Terms and Conditions set out 
in any Product Supplement that is specified as being applicable in the Series 
Terms and further subject to completion and amendment, and as 
supplemented and/or varied by the provisions of the Series Terms.  
References to a particularly numbered Master Condition shall be construed 
as a reference to the Master Condition so numbered in the Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
To the extent that the Instruments are represented by a Global Instrument, 
the Terms and Conditions shall be as defined above but as completed, 
amended, supplemented and/or varied by the terms of the Global Instrument. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Clearing and Settlement” for 
a description thereof. 
“Total Replacement Price” 
means the aggregate of the Replacement Swap Price and the Collateral 
Replacement Price. 
“Trade Date”  
means the date specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Tranche”  
means, a tranche of Instruments which form part of the same Series as 
Instruments comprised in another Tranche. 
“Transaction Document”  
means, in respect of the Instruments, each of the Security Document(s), the 
Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency 
Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Dealer Agreement, the Swap

--- Page 188 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
176 
 
 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement, the 
Purchase Agreement, the Constituting Document and any other agreement 
specified as such in the Series Terms. 
“Transaction Party”  
means each party to a Transaction Document other than the Issuer and any 
other person specified as a Transaction Party in the Series Terms. 
“Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex”  
means the Transaction Party Replacement Annex annexed to these Master 
Terms and Conditions and references to a particularly numbered “Clause” of 
such annex shall be construed as a reference to the Clause so numbered in 
the Transaction Party Replacement Annex. 
“Transaction Security”  
means, in respect of a Series of Instruments, the security constituted by the 
Trust Deed and any other Security Document for such Series of Instruments. 
“Transfer Agent”  
means the Registrar and each of the entity(ies) specified as such in the Series 
Terms or any Successors thereto or replacement Transfer Agent(s) appointed 
by the Issuer, in each case at their Specified Offices. 
“Trust Deed”  
has the meaning given to it in the introduction to these Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Trustee”  
means BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited or such other entity 
as is specified in the Series Terms as initial trustee, but which definition shall 
include all persons for the time being acting as the trustee or trustees under 
the Trust Deed.  
“Trustee Application Date”  
means each date on which the Trustee determines to apply the Liquidation 
Proceeds in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the provisions of 
the Trust Deed.

--- Page 189 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
177 
 
 
U 
“Underlying Collateral”  
means, in connection with the issue of the Instruments, the Issuer’s rights, 
title and/or interests in and to: 
(i) 
one or more transferable securities specified in the Series Terms as 
forming part of the Underlying Collateral and issued by or 
representing obligations of one or more persons; and/or 
(ii) 
loans, deposits, shares, partnership interests, units in unit trusts or 
any other asset or property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, 
include the benefit of contractual rights) specified in the Series 
Terms as forming part of the Underlying Collateral and representing 
obligations of one or more persons. 
The term “Underlying Collateral” shall include the rights, title and/or 
interests in and to (a) any further Underlying Collateral acquired by the Issuer 
in connection with any further issue of instruments that are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with the Instruments, (b) any Underlying Collateral 
acquired by the Issuer by way of substitution or replacement of any 
Underlying Collateral previously held by it, respectively and (c) any asset or 
property (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include the benefit of 
contractual rights) into which any of the Underlying Collateral is converted or 
exchanged or that is issued to the Issuer (or any relevant person holding such 
Underlying Collateral for or on behalf of the Issuer) by virtue of its holding 
thereof.  For the avoidance of doubt Underlying Collateral shall not include 
any Counterparty Posted Collateral or any other securities, cash or other 
assets or property deriving therefrom. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation”  
means any Underlying Collateral is redeemed in part in accordance with its 
terms on the date scheduled therein for such redemption in part. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation Redemption 
Amount”  
means, in connection with an Underlying Collateral Amortisation and an 
Instrument, such Instrument’s pro rata share of the redemption proceeds 
received by or on behalf of the Issuer in connection with such Underlying 
Collateral Amortisation. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation Redemption 
Date”  
means, in connection with an Underlying Collateral Amortisation, the day 
falling three Business Days following receipt by or on behalf of the Issuer of 
the proceeds of such Underlying Collateral Amortisation. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Conversion”  
means the conversion of the Underlying Collateral into any other financial 
instrument upon the exercise by the relevant Underlying Collateral Obligor of 
any option or other right to convert the Underlying Collateral under the terms 
and conditions of the Underlying Collateral. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Currency Redenomination 
Event” 
 means, in respect of any Underlying Collateral or Identical Collateral, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the currency in which the relevant 
Underlying Collateral Obligor pays (or is required to pay) interest or principal 
is redenominated, substituted or otherwise changed from the currency in 
which any such payment of interest or principal was, at the date the relevant

--- Page 190 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
178 
 
 
Underlying Collateral became Collateral for the purposes of the Instruments, 
due to be made. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Default”  
means any of the Underlying Collateral or Identical Collateral becomes 
payable or repayable or becomes capable of being declared due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity for whatever reason, otherwise than in accordance 
with their scheduled repayment profile or as a result of the exercise of an 
issuer option or a holder option unless such option arises as a result of an 
event of default, a tax event or other similar event (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion).  
“Underlying Collateral Default 
Requirement”  
means USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the currency of the relevant 
Underlying Collateral. 
“Underlying Collateral Early 
Payment Date”  
means, following the occurrence of an Underlying Collateral Repayment, the 
day on which the Underlying Collateral that is the subject of the Underlying 
Collateral Repayment is scheduled to redeem or repay early. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Obligor”  
means the Collateral Obligor in respect of the Underlying Collateral from time 
to time. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Bankruptcy”  
means an Underlying Collateral Obligor is subject to a Bankruptcy Event. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Credit Event”  
means the occurrence of such of the following events as are specified to be 
applicable in the Series Terms: 
(i) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay; 
(ii) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation Acceleration; 
(iii) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(iv) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Restructuring; 
(v) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Bankruptcy; and/or 
(vi) 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Governmental Intervention. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Failure to Pay” 
means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Underlying Collateral, the failure by the relevant 
Underlying Collateral Obligor to make, when and where due, any 
payments under one or more of such Underlying Collateral, in 
accordance with the terms of such Underlying Collateral in effect as 
of the later of the Issue Date of the Instruments to which such 
Underlying Collateral relates, the issue date of such Underlying 
Collateral and the date on which such Underlying Collateral were 
first acquired by the Issuer; and

--- Page 191 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
179 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of any other Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligations, 
after the expiration of any applicable Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to 
the commencement of such Underlying Collateral Obligor Grace 
Period), the failure by the relevant Underlying Collateral Obligor to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Underlying Collateral Payment Requirement 
under one or more of such Underlying Collateral Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligations at the time of such failure. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Governmental Intervention” 
means with respect to one or more Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligations 
and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Underlying 
Collateral Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and 
resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each 
case, applicable to the Underlying Collateral Obligor in a form which is 
binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(1) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the 
amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(2) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable 
at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
(3) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for 
either (I) the payment or accrual of interest, or (II) the 
payment of principal or premium; or 
(4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation, causing the 
subordination of such Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation to any other Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes 
the beneficial holder of the Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Grace Period” 
means the greater of (i) the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under the relevant Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation under the terms 
of such Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation in effect as of the later of the 
Issue Date and the date as of which such Underlying Collateral Obligor

--- Page 192 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
180 
 
 
Obligation is issued or incurred and (ii) three Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Grace Period Business Days. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Grace Period Business Day” 
means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days 
specified for that purpose under the relevant Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation and, if a place or places are not so specified, (i) if the Underlying 
Collateral Obligor Obligation is denominated in EUR, a TARGET Business 
Day, or (ii) otherwise a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in 
the jurisdiction of the currency in which the Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation is denominated. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation” 
means any of the following: 
(i) 
any Underlying Collateral; or 
(ii) 
any other obligation of such Underlying Collateral Obligor for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising 
from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation Acceleration” 
means one or more Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Underlying Collateral Default Requirement has 
become due and payable before it or they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other 
than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of an Underlying 
Collateral Obligor under one or more Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligations. 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Repudiation/Moratorium” 
means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(i) 
an authorised officer of an Underlying Collateral Obligor or a 
Governmental Authority: 
(1) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in 
part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Underlying 
Collateral Obligor Obligations in an aggregate amount of 
not 
less 
than 
the 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Default 
Requirement; or 
(2) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or 
deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or 
more Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Underlying Collateral 
Default Requirement; and 
(ii) 
an Underlying Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay, determined without 
regard to the Underlying Collateral Payment Requirement, or an 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Restructuring, determined without 
regard to the Underlying Collateral Default Requirement, with

--- Page 193 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
181 
 
 
respect to any such Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation occurs 
on or prior to the later of: 
(1) 
the date that is 60 days after the occurrence of the relevant 
event described in paragraph (i) above; and 
(2) 
where such Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation is in 
the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than 
notes delivered pursuant to term loan agreements, 
revolving loan agreements or other similar credit 
agreements), certificated debt security or other debt 
security, the first payment date under such Underlying 
Collateral Obligor Obligation after the occurrence of the 
relevant event described in paragraph (i) above (or, if later, 
the expiration date of any applicable Underlying Collateral 
Obligor Grace Period in respect of such payment date). 
“Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Restructuring” 
means with respect to one or more Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligations 
and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Underlying 
Collateral Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation, is agreed between the Underlying Collateral Obligor or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Underlying 
Collateral Obligor Obligation to bind all holders of the Underlying Collateral 
Obligor Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by an Underlying 
Collateral Obligor or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders 
of such Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation (including, in each case, in 
respect of bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the Issue Date and the date as of which 
such Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount 
of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity 
or at scheduled redemption dates (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either: 
(1) 
the payment or accrual of interest; or 
(2) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Underlying 
Collateral Obligor Obligation, causing the subordination of such 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation to any other Underlying 
Collateral Obligor Obligation; or

--- Page 194 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
182 
 
 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest 
or principal. 
Notwithstanding the above, none of the following shall constitute an 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Restructuring: 
(I) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation an 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation denominated in a currency 
of a member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; 
(II) 
the redenomination from euro into another currency, if (A) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a member state of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of 
conversion between euro and such other currency existed at the 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or 
amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(III) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the 
events described in paragraphs (i) to (v) above due to an 
administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or Tax adjustment 
or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(IV) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the 
events described in paragraphs (i) to (v) above in circumstances 
where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Underlying Collateral Obligor, provided that in respect of paragraph 
(v) only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Underlying Collateral Obligor is required where the 
redenomination is from euro into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a member state 
of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Payment Failure” 
means, in respect of any Underlying Collateral or Identical Collateral, the 
failure by the relevant Underlying Collateral Obligor to make a scheduled 
payment on the date, in the place and in the currency such payment was 
originally scheduled to be made (disregarding any terms allowing for non-
payment, deferral or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice 
or grace period in respect thereof) in respect of such Underlying Collateral or 
Identical Collateral. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Payment Requirement” 
means USD 1,000,000, or its equivalent in the currency in which amounts are 
payable in respect of the Underlying Collateral, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 195 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
183 
 
 
“Underlying Collateral 
Repayment” 
means notice is given that any of the Underlying Collateral is called for 
redemption or repayment or prepayment (whether in whole or in part) prior to 
its scheduled maturity date, provided that if ‘Underlying Collateral 
Amortisation’ is specified as applicable in the Series Terms, then notice being 
given of any redemption or repayment or prepayment (whether in whole or in 
part) of the Underlying Collateral that would constitute an Underlying 
Collateral Amortisation shall not constitute an Underlying Collateral 
Repayment. 
“Underlying Collateral 
Settlement Failure” 
shall occur if the Underlying Collateral relating to a Series of Instruments has 
not been delivered to the Issuer on the Issue Date in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the relevant Constituting Document. 
“Underlying Collateral Tax 
Event” 
subject to Master Condition 9(d) (Additional provisions relating to specific 
Early Redemption Events), an “Underlying Collateral Tax Event” shall occur 
in respect of a Series of Instruments if the Issuer is or will be unable to receive 
any payment due in respect of any Underlying Collateral in respect of such 
Series in full on the due date thereof without a Tax Deduction; provided that 
the Issuer, using reasonable efforts prior to the due date for the relevant 
payment, is (or would be) unable to avoid any such Tax Deduction(s) by filing 
a valid declaration that it is not a resident of such jurisdiction and/or by 
executing any certificate, form or other document in order to make a claim 
under a double taxation treaty or other exemption reasonably available to it 
(other than by any action which in the sole opinion of the Issuer would involve 
any material expense or be unduly onerous).  Without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing, a Tax Deduction imposed on payments in respect 
of any Underlying Collateral in respect of any Series as a result of FATCA 
shall constitute an Underlying Collateral Tax Event in respect of that Series.  
For the purposes of this definition, if on the date falling 60 days prior to the 
earliest date on which FATCA Withholding could apply to payments under, or 
in respect of sales proceeds of, the relevant Underlying Collateral in respect 
of a Series (such 60th day prior being the “FATCA Test Date”), the Issuer is 
a “nonparticipating foreign financial institution” (as such term is used under 
section 1471 of the Code or in any regulations or guidance thereunder), the 
Issuer will be deemed on the FATCA Test Date to be unable to receive a 
payment due in respect of such Underlying Collateral in full on the due date 
thereof without  a Tax Deduction and, therefore, an Underlying Collateral Tax 
Event will be deemed to have occurred in respect of that Series on the FATCA 
Test Date. 
“unit” 
has the meaning given to such term in Master Condition 15(c) (Rounding). 
“Unpaid Early Termination 
Amount” 
means, if the Early Termination Amount is payable by the existing Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the 
Early Termination Amount payable by the existing Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer minus all amounts received by the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty 
in respect of such Early Termination Amount on or prior to the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date. 
“Unpaid Swap Close-Out 
Claim Additional Payment 
Amount” 
means an amount per Instrument equal to such Instrument’s pro rata share 
of the Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim Proceeds.

--- Page 196 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
184 
 
 
“Unpaid Swap Close-Out 
Claim Additional Payment 
Amount Payment Date” 
means the day falling 2 Business Days after the date on which the assignment 
or Liquidation of the Early Termination Amount was completed. 
“Unpaid Swap Close-Out 
Claim Proceeds” 
means an amount in the Specified Currency equal to: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all amounts (if any) received by the Issuer from the 
Swap Counterparty in respect of the Early Termination Amount after 
the Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date and on or 
prior to the date on which the Unpaid Early Termination Amount was 
assigned or liquidated pursuant to Clause 2(n) (Assignment of 
Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim) of the Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex; plus 
(ii) 
(if the Unpaid Early Termination Amount was Liquidated by the 
Disposal Agent pursuant to Clause 2(n) (Assignment of Unpaid 
Swap Close-Out Claim) of the Transaction Party Replacement 
Annex) the aggregate of the proceeds of the Liquidation of the 
Unpaid Early Termination Amount claim by the Disposal Agent. 
“USD”, “U.S. dollars” and 
“U.S.$” 
means United States dollars.

--- Page 197 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
185 
 
 
V 
“Value of the Underlying 
Collateral”  
means, in respect of any day (i) prior to the scheduled maturity of the 
Underlying Collateral in accordance with its terms and conditions, the value 
of the Underlying Collateral determined by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner (together with the amount of any 
redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect thereof) as at such day 
and (ii) on or following the date on which the Underlying Collateral is 
redeemed at its scheduled maturity in accordance with its terms, an amount 
equal to the redemption proceeds paid in respect thereof (the “Underlying 
Collateral Proceeds”), provided that where all or part of such value of the 
Underlying Collateral Proceeds are not denominated in the Base Currency, 
such amount (or each such part thereof, as the case may be) shall be 
converted into the Base Currency at a rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be representative of the spot foreign exchange rates prevailing for 
sale of the relevant non-Base Currency and purchase of the Base Currency. 
“Value Trigger Event”  
shall occur on any day if the Value of the Underlying Collateral plus the Value 
Trigger Swap Gain (if any) or minus the Value Trigger Swap Loss (if any) is 
equal to or less than the Value Trigger Level.  
“Value Trigger Level”  
has the meaning given to it in the applicable Series Terms. 
“Value Trigger Swap Gain”  
means, in respect of any day, (i) where the Value Trigger Swap Value would 
be payable to the Issuer, the absolute value of the Value Trigger Swap Value, 
or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Value Trigger Swap Loss”  
means, in respect of any day, (i) where the Value Trigger Swap Value would 
be payable to the Swap Counterparty, the absolute value of the Value Trigger 
Swap Value, or (ii) otherwise, zero. 
“Value Trigger Swap Value”  
means, in respect of any day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
and expressed in the Base Currency that is equal to the Early Termination 
Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the Swap Agreement (but 
excluding any Unpaid Amounts relating to the Credit Support Balance of either 
the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support Annex) that 
would be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer, under the Swap Agreement, upon a termination of 
the Swap Agreement on such date.  Such Early Termination Amount shall be 
determined on the basis that: 
(i) 
the Swap Counterparty is not the Affected Party; 
(ii) 
the Swap Counterparty’s claim to any Early Termination Amount 
payable by the Issuer shall be limited to the sum of the prevailing 
Value of the Underlying Collateral; and  
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent is the Determining Party and Section 6(e)(ii)(1) 
of the Swap Agreement applies but without reference to Section 
6(e)(ii)(3) thereof.

--- Page 198 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
186 
 
 
“Variable Rate Instrument” 
means an Instrument the ‘Interest Basis’ of which is specified as such in the 
Series Terms to be ‘Variable Rate’.

--- Page 199 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
187 
 
 
W 
“Written Resolution” 
has the meaning given to it in Master Condition 18(c) (Written Resolutions 
and Electronic Consent).

--- Page 200 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Definitions Annex 
 
 
188 
 
 
Z 
“Zero Coupon Instrument”  
means an Instrument the ‘Interest Basis’ of which is specified in the Series 
Terms to be ‘Zero Coupon’.

--- Page 201 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
189 
 
 
TRANSACTION PARTY REPLACEMENT ANNEX 
 
1. 
 
Agent 
Replacement 
(a) 
Notification 
Promptly following the occurrence of an Agent Replacement Event the 
Issuer (or the Swap Counterparty on behalf of the Issuer) shall give 
notice of such event (an “Agent Replacement Event Notice”), 
including the date of occurrence of the Agent Replacement Event (the 
“Agent Replacement Event Date”), to the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the 
Instrumentholders. 
(b) 
Instrumentholder Election 
Following receipt of an Agent Replacement Event Notice and provided 
in the case of an Agent Replacement Event in respect of the 
Calculation Agent or the Disposal Agent that no Swap Counterparty 
Replacement 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
is 
continuing, 
Instrumentholders holding more than 50 per cent. of the then 
outstanding principal amount of the Instruments may, by providing an 
Agent Replacement Notice to the Issuer, copying the Agents, the 
Trustee and each Counterparty, elect that the Affected Agent be 
replaced with the Replacement Agent.  An Agent Replacement Notice 
given pursuant to this Clause 1(b) will be effective only if given on or 
before the fifth Business Day following the Agent Replacement Event 
Date (the “Agent Replacement Cut-Off Date”).  If no Agent 
Replacement Notice is validly given in accordance with this Clause, 
then Clause 1(e) (Agent Replacement Failure Event) shall apply. 
(c) 
Replacement of Agent 
Following an Agent Replacement Event the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint the Replacement Agent in respect 
of the Instruments in place of the Affected Agent. 
If an Agent Replacement Notice is validly given in accordance with 
Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) and a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Event is not continuing at such time, then the Issuer 
shall notify the Swap Counterparty of the same within five Business 
Days and, if the Swap Counterparty confirms in writing to the Issuer 
(with a copy to the Agents and the Trustee) that it consents to the 
appointment of the Replacement Agent in respect of the Instruments 
in place of the Affected Agent, then the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint the Replacement Agent in respect of the 
Instruments in place of the Affected Agent.  If the Swap Counterparty 
either: 
(i) 
confirms in writing to the Issuer (with a copy to the Agents 
and the Trustee) that it does not consent to the appointment 
of the Replacement Agent in respect of the Instruments in 
place of the Affected Agent, or

--- Page 202 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
190 
 
 
(ii) 
does not provide its consent in the manner described in this 
paragraph within five Business Days of being notified of an 
Agent Replacement Notice,  
(each of (i) and (ii) being an “Agent Proposal Rejection Event”), then 
the Issuer shall not appoint the Replacement Agent in respect of the 
Instruments in place of the Affected Agent.  If an Agent Proposal 
Rejection Event occurs, then Instrumentholders may elect to 
designate an alternative replacement for the Affected Agent in 
accordance with Clause 1(b) (Instrumentholder Election) but may do 
so once only in respect of a single Agent Replacement Event.  This 
Clause 1(c) shall apply mutatis mutandis to such designation.  If either 
(I) no such designation is made by Instrumentholders, or (II) such 
designation is made by Instrumentholders but a further Agent 
Proposal Rejection Event occurs, then Clause 1(e) (Agent 
Replacement Failure Event) shall apply. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent the appointment of the 
proposed Replacement Agent in accordance with any other provision 
of the Transaction Documents nor prevent a further Agent 
Replacement Event Notice being given that proposes the same 
Replacement Agent in respect of a different Agent Replacement 
Event. 
(d) 
Know-your-customer 
The appointment of any Replacement Agent pursuant to this Clause 
1(d) shall be subject to the Issuer, the Trustee, each Counterparty and 
each other Agent completing satisfactorily any necessary “know-your-
customer” or equivalent checks.   
If at any time after a Replacement Agent has been selected pursuant 
to this Clause 1(d) but prior to the appointment of such Replacement 
Agent taking effect, (i) the Issuer determines that the Replacement 
Agent has failed any necessary “know-your-customer” or equivalent 
checks, or (ii) the Trustee, any Counterparty or any Agent gives notice 
to the Issuer that the Replacement Agent has failed any necessary 
“know-your-customer” or equivalent checks, then the Issuer shall 
provide notice of the same to Instrumentholders (with a copy to the 
Trustee, each Agent and each Counterparty) and Clause 1(e) (Agent 
Replacement Failure Event) shall apply.  
(e) 
Agent Replacement Failure Event 
If this Clause 1(e) is applicable in accordance with Clause 1(b) 
(Instrumentholder Election), Clause 1(c) (Replacement of Agent) or 
Clause 1(d) (Know-your-customer) and an Agent Replacement Event 
Notice (i) was given as a result of a Bankruptcy Event that occurred in 
respect of the Affected Agent or (ii) was given in respect of the 
Calculation Agent, then in either case an “Agent Replacement 
Failure Event” shall be deemed to occur on the Business Day 
immediately following the Agent Replacement Cut-Off Date.  If the 
corresponding Agent Replacement Event Notice was given for any

--- Page 203 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
191 
 
 
reason other than a Bankruptcy Event that occurred in respect of the 
Affected Agent or in a situation where the Affected Agent is not the 
Calculation Agent, then no redemption of the Instruments or 
replacement of the Affected Agent shall occur under this Clause 1(e) 
as a result of such Agent Replacement Event. 
2. 
 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Replacement 
(a) 
Notification of Swap Counterparty Replacement Event 
Promptly following the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Event, the Issuer shall give notice of such Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Event to the Calculation Agent, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Instrumentholders and such 
notice shall include (i) a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to such Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, and (ii) the 
date of the occurrence of the Swap Counterparty Replacement Event. 
(b) 
Instrumentholder Election 
Following a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, 100 per cent. 
Instrumentholders 
may 
elect 
that 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Replacement Process should apply in respect of the Instruments (a 
“Swap Counterparty Replacement Election”). In order to make such 
election, such Instrumentholders must provide a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Notice to the Issuer, copying the Agents and the 
Trustee, on or before the day falling five Business Days after the 
occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event (the “Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Election Cut-Off Date”). A Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Election may be made regardless of 
whether any notice required by Clause 2(a) (Notification of Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Event) has been given. 
(c) 
Termination of Swap Agreement 
Following a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, the Swap 
Agreement will be terminated and the Early Termination Amount in 
respect of such termination will be calculated and payable in 
accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
The Issuer shall provide to Instrumentholders a copy of any notice 
received or given by it pursuant to Section 6 of the Swap Agreement 
following a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event.

--- Page 204 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
192 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Early Termination Amount owed by the Issuer: Liquidation of 
Collateral 
If the Early Termination Amount in respect of the Swap Agreement is 
payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the amount of 
Eligible Credit Support in the form of cash comprised in the Swap 
Counterparty’s Credit Support Balance (if any) is insufficient to fund 
payment of the Early Termination Amount, then before the date on 
which the Early Termination Amount is payable in accordance with the 
Swap Agreement, the Disposal Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) 
(or, if no Disposal Agent is appointed at such time, such other party as 
maybe appointed by the Issuer for such purpose), shall Liquidate such 
portion of the Collateral as is necessary in order to generate proceeds 
that are, when taken together with any Eligible Credit Support in the 
form of cash comprised in the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance, sufficient to fund payment by the Issuer of the Early 
Termination Amount. 
In liquidating such Collateral, the Disposal Agent shall first liquidate 
any Eligible Credit Support (other than Eligible Credit Support in the 
form of cash) comprised in the Swap Counterparty’s Credit Support 
Balance and held by or on behalf of the Issuer at such time and then 
shall liquidate other Collateral as necessary to comply with the 
preceding paragraph. 
If any proceeds of such Liquidation or any Eligible Credit Support in 
the form of cash that is comprised in the Swap Counterparty’s Credit 
Support Balance are not denominated in the Specified Currency, then 
such amounts shall be converted into the Specified Currency at a rate 
determined by the Disposal Agent to be representative of the spot 
foreign exchange rates prevailing for the sale of the relevant currency 
and purchase of the Specified Currency. Master Conditions 10(b) 
(General liquidation procedures) and 10(c) (Liquidation Expenses) 
shall apply to the Liquidation pursuant to this Clause 2(d). 
(e) 
Early Termination Amount owed by the Swap Counterparty: use 
of proceeds and assignment of unpaid claim 
If the Early Termination Amount in respect of the Swap Agreement is 
payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, then to the extent 
such amount is actually received by the Issuer, it shall be used by the 
Issuer to fund payment of the Replacement Swap Price (if any) and/or 
any Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim Additional Payment Amount 
payable by the Issuer under Clause 2(l) (Amounts payable) below. To 
the extent that such amount is not actually received by the Issuer, 
Clause 2(n) (Assignment of Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim) shall 
apply. 
(f) 
Selection of Replacement Swap Counterparty 
If a Replacement Swap Counterparty and the other information 
required to be specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice 
are specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, then the

--- Page 205 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
193 
 
 
Replacement Swap Counterparty so specified will be appointed in 
accordance with and subject to Clause 2(k) (Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Agreement). 
If no Replacement Swap Counterparty was specified in the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Notice or other information required to be 
specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice was not so 
specified, then Clause 2(h) (Swap Counterparty Auction) below will 
apply. 
(g) 
Know-Your-Customer 
The appointment of any Replacement Swap Counterparty pursuant to 
this Clause 2 shall be subject to such Replacement Swap 
Counterparty satisfying the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Eligibility Criteria, including the Issuer, the Trustee and each Agent 
completing satisfactorily any necessary ‘know-your-customer’ or 
equivalent checks. Each entity participating in the Swap Counterparty 
Auction must also comply with the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Eligibility Criteria as at the Swap Counterparty Auction Costs Payment 
Date. 
If at any time after the Replacement Swap Counterparty Selection 
Date but prior to the execution of the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Agreement, either: 
(i) 
the Issuer that the Replacement Swap Counterparty has 
failed any necessary ‘know-your-customer’ or equivalent 
checks; 
(ii) 
the Trustee or any Agent gives notice to the Issuer that the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty has failed any necessary 
‘know-your-customer’ or equivalent checks; or  
(iii) 
the Replacement Swap Counterparty gives notice to the 
Issuer that any of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent has 
failed any necessary ‘know-your-customer’ or equivalent 
checks,  
then such event shall constitute a Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Failure Event and the Issuer shall provide notice of the same to 
Instrumentholders (with a copy to the Trustee, each Agent and each 
Counterparty).  
A Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event shall, if so specified 
in the Series Terms, constitute an Early Redemption Event pursuant 
to Master Condition 9(a) (Early Redemption Events and Determining 
Party).

--- Page 206 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
194 
 
 
(h) 
Swap Counterparty Auction 
If an Auction Agent, rather than a Replacement Swap Counterparty 
was specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that: 
(a) 
the 
Auction 
Agent 
specified 
in 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Notice arranges an 
auction to determine the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty; 
(b) 
on or before the day falling five Business Days 
following the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Election Cut-Off Date, the Auction Agent calculates 
the Swap Counterparty Auction Costs and notifies 
the Instrumentholder Representative, with a copy to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Calculation Agent, of 
such Swap Counterparty Auction Costs and of the 
details of the account into which such amount is 
payable;  
(ii) 
in order for the Swap Counterparty Auction to proceed, 
Instrumentholders must pay to the account designated by the 
Auction Agent pursuant to Clause 2(h)(i)(b), the full amount 
of the Swap Counterparty Auction Costs on or before the 10th 
Business Day following the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Election Cut-Off Date (the “Swap Counterparty Auction 
Costs Payment Date”); and 
(iii) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that 
promptly following the completion of the Swap Counterparty 
Auction, the Auction Agent notifies the Instrumentholder 
Representative, with a copy to the Issuer, the Trustee and 
the Calculation Agent, of the results of the Swap 
Counterparty Auction, including the names of each 
participant in such auction, the Replacement Swap Price, the 
Collateral Replacement Price and the Total Replacement 
Price quoted by such participant and, if permitted by the 
Swap Counterparty Auction process, any other conditions 
attached to such participant’s submission (such notice a 
“Swap Counterparty Auction Result Notice”). 
The Swap Counterparty Auction Result Notice must be 
provided to the Instrumentholder Representative by email to 
the address specified in the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Notice and, if sent before 3pm, London time on a Business 
Day shall be deemed to be received by the Instrumentholder 
Representative immediately upon such email having been 
sent by the Auction Agent and, if sent after 3pm, London time 
on a Business Day, or on a day that is not a Business Day,

--- Page 207 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
195 
 
 
shall be deemed to be received at 9am, London time on the 
next following Business Day. 
The terms of the Swap Counterparty Auction shall be determined by 
the Auction Agent in compliance with the Swap Counterparty Auction 
Requirements.  
The Instrumentholder Representative must: 
(I) 
within two hours of deemed receipt by the Instrumentholder 
Representative of the Swap Counterparty Auction Result 
Notice, provide to the Auction Agent by email: 
(A) 
if ‘Instrumentholder Representative Last Look Right’ 
is specified as applicable in the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Notice notification as to which of the 
auction participants it has selected to be the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty; and 
(B) 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Auction 
Agent that 100 per cent. Instrumentholders have 
committed to pay to the Issuer any Issuer Shortfall 
Amount to be determined pursuant to Clause 2(l) 
(Amounts payable), and 
(II) 
promptly following the notification to the Auction Agent set 
out in sub-paragraph (I) above, provide to the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Calculation Agent copies of the information 
provided to the Auction Agent under sub-paragraph (I) above. 
If ‘Instrumentholder Representative Last Look Right’ is not specified 
as applicable in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, then the 
party that has quoted the lowest Total Replacement Price in the Swap 
Counterparty Auction will be deemed to have been selected as the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty. 
The Replacement Swap Price, Collateral Replacement Price and Total 
Replacement Price quoted by the party selected as the Replacement 
Swap Counterparty shall be deemed to be the Replacement Swap 
Price, Collateral Replacement Price and Total Replacement Price 
respectively for the purposes of the remainder of this Clause 2. 
(i) 
Swap Counterparty Auction failure 
If: 
(A) 
the Swap Counterparty Auction does not comply with the 
Swap Counterparty Auction Requirements;

--- Page 208 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
196 
 
 
(B) 
the Swap Counterparty Auction Costs (if any) are not received 
in full by the Auction Agent on or before the Swap 
Counterparty Auction Costs Payment Date; or 
(C) 
the Instrumentholder Representative does not comply with 
Clauses 2(h)(i) and/or (ii) above, 
then a Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event shall occur 
which shall, if so specified in the Series Terms, constitute an Early 
Redemption Event pursuant to Master Condition 9(a) (Early 
Redemption Events and Determining Party). 
(j) 
Replacement Disposal Agent 
If the Replacement Swap Counterparty will not assume the role of 
Disposal Agent in respect of the Instruments, then the Issuer shall 
notify Instrumentholders of the same within two Business Days of the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Selection Date.   
On or before the day falling five Business Days after the Replacement 
Swap Counterparty Selection Date, Instrumentholders holding more 
than 50 per cent. of the then outstanding principal amount of the 
Instruments may provide a notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the 
Trustee and the Calculation Agent) designating an alternative entity 
that satisfies the Disposal Agent Eligibility Criteria as the replacement 
Disposal Agent.  Subject to Clause 2(k) Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Agreement), such replacement Disposal Agent will be 
appointed to the Disposal Agent role pursuant to the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Agreement. 
If no replacement Disposal Agent is validly designated in accordance 
with this Clause 2(j), then a Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure 
Event shall occur which shall, if so specified in the Series Terms, 
constitute an Early Redemption Event pursuant to Master Condition 
9(a) (Early Redemption Events and Determining Party). 
(k) 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Agreement 
Within 15 Business Days of the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Selection Date, each of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Custodian and each other Agent shall be required, subject 
to completion of any necessary ‘know-your-customer’ or equivalent 
checks being satisfactorily completed, to execute a Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Agreement with such Replacement Swap 
Counterparty (in its capacity as Replacement Swap Counterparty, 
replacement Calculation Agent and, if applicable, replacement 
Disposal Agent) and the replacement Disposal Agent (if the 
replacement Disposal Agent is not the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty). If such Replacement Swap Counterparty Agreement is 
not executed within 15 Business Days then a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure Event shall occur which shall constitute an Early

--- Page 209 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
197 
 
 
Redemption Event pursuant to Master Condition 9(a) (Early 
Redemption Events and Determining Party). 
(l) 
Amounts payable 
(i) 
On or before the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine 
whether an Issuer Shortfall Amount or an Issuer Excess 
Amount exists and shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee and 
Instrumentholders of such amount, together with details of 
the calculations of the same (a “Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Calculation Notice”) on or promptly following 
the Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date.   
If the Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Notice 
specifies that an Issuer Shortfall Amount exists, then the 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Notice must 
contain 
details 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Replacement Account. 
(ii) 
If an Issuer Shortfall Amount exists in respect of the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date, then: 
(I) 
in order for the Swap Counterparty replacement to 
proceed, Instrumentholders must pay to the Issuer’s 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Account an 
amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Issuer 
Shortfall Amount on or before the day falling two 
Business Days prior to the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Settlement Date (the “Replacement 
Swap Counterparty Settlement Cut-Off Date”); 
and 
(II) 
if the Total Replacement Price is payable by the 
Issuer to the Replacement Swap Counterparty, the 
Issuer shall pay the Total Replacement Price to the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty on or before the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Settlement Date. 
(iii) 
If an Issuer Excess Amount exists in respect of the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date, then: 
(I) 
if the Total Replacement Price is payable by the 
Issuer to the Replacement Swap Counterparty, the 
Issuer shall pay the Total Replacement Price to the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty on or before the 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Settlement Date; 
and 
(II) 
the Issuer shall pay the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Additional Payment Amount (if any) in

--- Page 210 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
198 
 
 
respect of each Instrument on the Replacement 
Swap Counterparty Settlement Date. 
(m) 
Delivery of replacement Collateral 
If a Collateral Shortfall existed on the Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Calculation Date, then on the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Settlement Date, the Replacement Swap Counterparty shall procure 
the delivery to the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer of the Collateral 
Shortfall Assets which shall be held by the Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer, subject to the Transaction Security. 
(n) 
Assignment of unpaid swap close-out claim 
If an Unpaid Early Termination Amount exists on the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date and Instrumentholders 
elected in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice for an 
assignment of the Unpaid Early Termination Amount, then the Issuer 
shall as soon as reasonably practicable after the Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Settlement Date but subject to completion of any 
necessary ’know-your-customer’ or equivalent checks, assign all of its 
rights, title and interest against the Swap Counterparty in respect of 
such Early Termination Amount to the entity designated by 
Instrumentholders in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice. 
If an Unpaid Early Termination Amount exists on the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date and Instrumentholders 
did not elect in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice for an 
assignment of the Unpaid Early Termination Amount, then as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Settlement Date, the Disposal Agent shall Liquidate the Issuer’s claim 
in respect of the Unpaid Early Termination Amount and shall notify the 
Issuer upon completion of the same. 
The Issuer shall pay the Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim Additional 
Payment Amount (if any) in respect of each Instrument on the Unpaid 
Swap Close-Out Claim Additional Payment Amount Payment Date. 
(o) 
Suspension of Payments 
If, a Swap Counterparty Replacement Election has been made under 
Clause 2, then the Issuer may by notice to Instrumentholders (with a 
copy to the Trustee, the Agents and each Counterparty) elect that no 
payment of principal or interest shall be made by the Issuer in respect 
of the Instruments during the period from and including the date that a 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Election is made under Clause 2(b) 
(Instrumentholder election) to but excluding the earlier to occur of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Replacement Swap Agreement 
becomes effective; and

--- Page 211 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Transaction Party Replacement Annex 
 
 
199 
 
 
(ii) 
the date on which a Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure 
Event occurs, 
(such date, the “Swap Counterparty Replacement Resumption 
Date”).  All amounts of principal and interest that would otherwise have 
been payable in respect of the Instruments shall be payable by the 
Issuer on the day falling five Business Days following the Swap 
Counterparty Replacement Resumption Date.  Instrumentholders and 
Couponholders shall not be entitled to any further payment as a result 
of any postponement pursuant to this Clause 2(o).

--- Page 212 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Arranger Event Annex 
 
 
200 
 
 
ARRANGER EVENT ANNEX 
 
1. 
 
Arranger Event 
(a) 
Notification of Arranger Trigger Event 
Promptly following the occurrence of an Arranger Trigger Event the 
Issuer shall give notice of such Arranger Trigger Event, including a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to such Arranger 
Trigger Event, to the Calculation Agent, Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, each Counterparty and the Instrumentholders (an “Arranger 
Trigger Event Determination Notice”, and the date of such Arranger 
Trigger Event Determination Notice being the “Arranger Trigger 
Event Determination Date”). 
(b) 
Instrumentholder Election 
If an Arranger Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event in the 
Series Terms, then, subject to Clause 1(h) (Pre-funding Option) below, 
an Arranger Trigger Event will constitute an “Arranger Event” with 
effect from and including the day falling 20 Business Days following 
the Arranger Trigger Event Determination Date (the “Arranger Event 
Determination Date”) unless, prior to the day falling 10 Business 
Days prior to the Arranger Event Determination Date:  
(i) 
100 per cent. Instrumentholders (the “Initial Continuing 
Series Instrumentholders”) elect by written notice to the 
Issuer, copying the Agents, each Counterparty and the 
Trustee that the Instruments should not be redeemed as a 
result of an Arranger Trigger Event (such election, a “Series 
Continuation Election”); and 
(ii) 
the Initial Continuing Series Instrumentholders satisfy the 
conditions set out in Clause 1(d) (Payment). 
(c) 
Calculations 
Within 10 Business Days of an Arranger Trigger Event Determination 
Date occurring, the Company shall calculate in respect of each Series 
of Instruments for which a Series Continuation Election has been 
made an amount (the “Initial Series Continuation Funding 
Amount”) that it considers will be necessary to cover:  
(i) 
all Series Overheads of such Series for the period of 6 
months following the Arranger Trigger Event Determination 
Date (or until the Maturity Date of the relevant Series, if 
sooner); and 
(ii) 
such Series’ Pro Rata Non-Series Overheads for the period 
of 6 months following the Arranger Trigger Event 
Determination Date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Instrumentholders of each Series of the 
same (with a copy to the Trustee and the Calculation Agent) in relation

--- Page 213 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Arranger Event Annex 
 
 
201 
 
 
to the Series in respect of which they are Instrumentholders (such 
notification, an “Initial Series Continuation Funding Notice”).  
(d) 
Payment 
In order to satisfy the conditions referred to in Clause 1(b) 
(Instrumentholder Election) above, the Initial Continuing Series 
Instrumentholders in respect of the Instruments must pay to the Issuer 
prior to the day falling five Business Days prior to the Arranger Event 
Determination Date, an amount equal to the Initial Series Continuation 
Funding Amount which shall be held by the Issuer in a series reserve 
account (the “Series Reserve Account”) and shall be applied by the 
Issuer in satisfaction of the Series Overheads and such Series’ Pro 
Rata Non-Series Overheads when the same become due. 
(e) 
Series Reserve Account Balance Trigger Event 
If at any time the Issuer determines that the balance of the Series 
Reserve Account is below the level that is anticipated by the Issuer to 
be necessary to fund:  
(i) 
the Series Overheads of such Series; and 
(ii) 
the Series’ Pro Rata Non-Series Overheads, 
in each case for a period of three months from the date of such 
determination (a “Series Reserve Account Balance Trigger Event”), 
then the Issuer shall notify Instrumentholders (with a copy to the 
Trustee and the Calculation Agent) of the same and of the additional 
amount in excess of the balance of the Series Reserve Account 
anticipated to be necessary to fund the amounts specified in sub-
paragraph (i) and (ii) of this Clause 1 for a further period of six months 
from the date of the Series Reserve Account Balance Trigger Event 
(such additional amount, the “Further Series Continuation Funding 
Amount” and such notice, a “Further Series Continuation Funding 
Notice”).  
For the avoidance of doubt, a Series Reserve Account Balance 
Trigger Event may occur more than once. 
(f) 
Further Instrumentholder Election 
Subject to Clause 1(h) (Pre-funding Option) below, a Series Reserve 
Account Balance Trigger Event will be deemed to constitute a “Series 
Reserve Account Balance Event” with effect from the day falling 20 
Business Days after the Further Series Continuation Funding Notice 
is effective (the “Further Series Continuation Determination Date”), 
unless, prior to the day falling 15 Business Days prior to the Further 
Series 
Continuation 
Determination 
Date, 
100 
per 
cent. 
Instrumentholders 
(the 
“Further 
Continuing 
Series 
Instrumentholders”) elect by written notice to the Issuer, copying the 
Agents and the Trustee that such redemption shall not occur and the 
Further Continuing Series Instrumentholders satisfy the conditions set

--- Page 214 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Arranger Event Annex 
 
 
202 
 
 
out in Clause 1(g) (Further Payment) below (such election, a “Further 
Series Continuation Election”). 
(g) 
Further Payment 
In order to satisfy the conditions referred to in Clause 1(f) (Further 
Instrumentholder Election) above, the Further Continuing Series 
Instrumentholders in respect of the Instruments must pay to the Issuer 
prior to the day falling five Business Days prior to the Further Series 
Continuation Determination Date, an amount equal to the Further 
Series Continuation Funding Amount which shall be held by the Issuer 
in the Series Reserve Account and shall be applied by the Issuer in 
satisfaction of the Series Overheads and such Series’ Pro Rata Non-
Series Overheads when the same become due.  
(h) 
Pre-funding Option 
If the Company determines that it has not received, on or prior to the 
day falling five Business Days prior to an Arranger Event 
Determination Date or a Further Series Continuation Determination 
Date (as applicable), an amount in respect of Non-Series Overheads 
that, in aggregate with all amounts in respect of Non-Series 
Overheads received by the Company (acting in respect of one or more 
Compartments) across all Series of Instruments, will be sufficient to 
cover all Non-Series Overheads for the period of six months following 
the Arranger Trigger Event Determination Date or the Further Series 
Continuation Determination Date (as applicable), then the Issuer shall 
give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent, Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Trustee, each Counterparty and the Instrumentholders (a 
“Continuation Funding Amount Shortfall Notice”), stating the 
amount of any such shortfall (the “Continuation Funding Amount 
Shortfall”).   
Any Instrumentholder may (individually or together with other 
Instrumentholders or holders of any other Series of Instruments issued 
by the Company (acting in respect of any other Compartment)) pay to 
the Company within five Business Days of the date that the 
Continuation Funding Amount Shortfall Notice was provided to 
Instrumentholders (the “Series Continuation Funding Amount 
Shortfall Cut-Off Date”), an amount equal to the Continuation 
Funding Amount Shortfall, in which case the Issuer shall give notice of 
the same to the Calculation Agent, Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, each Counterparty and the Instrumentholders and no 
Arranger Event or Series Reserve Account Balance Event will occur 
in respect of such Arranger Event Determination Date or a Further 
Series Continuation Determination Date (as applicable).   
All amounts so received shall be applied by the Company in 
satisfaction of Non-Series Overheads in priority to any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Series Reserve Account.  Any amounts 
paid to the Company pursuant to this Clause 1(h) shall be for the

--- Page 215 ---
Master Terms and Conditions – Arranger Event Annex 
 
 
203 
 
 
account of the Company and shall not be held in the Series Reserve 
Account or be subject to the Transaction Security.

--- Page 216 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
 
204 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Form of Global Instruments 
Instruments may be issued in Tranches or Series comprising either Bearer Instruments or Registered Instruments 
as specified in the relevant Series Terms.  Bearer Instruments may be issued in definitive form or may be 
represented by a Global Bearer Instrument.  Registered Instruments may be represented by Registered Certificates 
or by Global Registered Certificates. 
If the Global Bearer Instrument is a classic global note (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), upon the initial deposit 
of a Global Bearer Instrument with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
"Common Depositary") or registration of Registered Instruments in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relevant Global Registered Certificate to the Common Depositary, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Instruments equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Bearer Instruments or the Global Registered Certificates are to be issued in new global note form (a 
"New Global Note" or "NGN") or to be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" 
or "NSS") (as the case may be), the Global Bearer Instruments or the Global Registered Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the issue date to a Common Safekeeper. If the Global Bearer Instrument is a NGN, the nominal 
amount of the Instruments shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Bearer Instruments issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Global Bearer Instruments are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Where the Global Registered Certificates issued in respect of any Tranche are in NSS form, 
the applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether such Global Registered Certificates are intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Bearer Instruments are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Instruments of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs/NSS's will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The NGN form was introduced to permit instruments to be held in a manner which will allow them to be recognised 
as eligible collateral for monetary policy and for credit operations of the Eurosystem.  Such recognition is, however, 
dependent on satisfying Eurosystem eligibility at the relevant time. 
Relationship of accountholders with clearing systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of an Instrument represented by a Global Instrument must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) (the 
"relevant clearing system") for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global 
Instrument, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Instruments, subject to and in accordance with 
the respective rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system. Such persons shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Instruments for so long as the Instruments are represented 
by such Global Instrument. 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Bearer Instruments 
Each Temporary Global Bearer Instrument will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date:

--- Page 217 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
 
205 
 
 
(i) 
if the Series Terms indicate that such Global Bearer Instrument is issued in compliance with the C Rules 
or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "U.S. TEFRA Compliance" below), 
in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Instruments defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
if the Series Terms indicate that such Global Bearer Instrument is issued in compliance with the D Rules 
(as to which, see U.S. TEFRA Compliance below), in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Trust Deed for interests in a Permanent Global Bearer 
Instrument or, if so provided in the Series Terms, for Definitive Instruments. 
Permanent Global Bearer Instruments 
In the event that a Permanent Global Bearer Instrument is exchanged for a Bearer Instrument in definitive form, 
such Bearer Instrument in definitive form shall be issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. 
An Instrumentholder who holds Instruments with a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination will not receive a Bearer Instrument in definitive form in respect of such Instruments.  Such 
Instrumentholder in order to receive a Bearer Instrument in definitive form would be required to purchase a principal 
amount of Instruments so as to hold an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Bearer Instrument, the first day following the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Bearer Instrument, a day falling not less than 60 
days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the 
city in which the Specified Office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Definitive Instruments 
"Definitive Instruments" means, in relation to any Global Bearer Instrument, the definitive Bearer Instruments for 
which such Global Bearer Instrument may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and 
Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Bearer 
Instrument and a Talon). Definitive Instruments will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and 
stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange 
of the entire amount of each Permanent Global Bearer Instrument, the Issuer will, if the Instrumentholder so 
requests, procure that such Permanent Global Bearer Instrument is cancelled and returned to the Instrumentholder 
together with the relevant Definitive Instruments. 
Global Registered Certificates 
If the Series Terms state that the Instruments are to be represented by a Global Registered Certificate, the following 
provisions will apply in respect of transfers of Instruments held in the relevant clearing system. These provisions 
will not prevent the trading of interests in the Instruments within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of 
such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Instruments may be withdrawn from the relevant 
clearing system.  
Transfers of the holding of Instruments represented by any Global Registered Certificate pursuant to Master 
Condition 3(d) (Transfers of Registered Instruments) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the Instruments represented by the Global Registered Certificate are held on behalf of the relevant 
clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) above, the 
Instrumentholder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at the Registrar's Specified Office, of such 
Instrumentholder’s intention to make such transfer. Where the holding of Instruments represented by a Global 
Registered Certificate is only transferable in whole, the Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such

--- Page 218 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
 
206 
 
 
holding shall be a Global Registered Certificate. Where transfers are permitted in part, Certificates issued to 
transferees shall not be Global Registered Certificates unless the transferee so requests and certifies to the 
Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for the relevant clearing system. 
Delivery of Instruments 
On or after any due date for exchange of a Global Bearer Instrument, the holder of a Global Bearer Instrument may 
surrender such Global Bearer Instrument to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any 
Global Bearer Instrument, the Issuer will: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Instrument, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Bearer Instrument in an aggregate 
nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Bearer Instrument that is 
being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a 
Permanent Global Bearer Instrument to reflect such exchange: or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for Definitive Instruments: 
• 
if the Global Bearer Instrument is a CGN, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Instruments: or 
• 
if the Global Bearer Instrument is a NGN, procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata 
in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
U.S. TEFRA compliance 
Instruments in bearer form will be issued:  
• 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"); 
• 
in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"); or 
• 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Instruments 
will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the Series Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
U.S. Legend 
Each Bearer Instrument issued in compliance with the C Rules or D Rules and having a maturity of more than one 
year, Receipt and Coupon will bear the following legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 
165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE". 
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding this legend, no United States person may hold this obligation and the 
Instruments may not be offered, sold, pledged, transferred or delivered at any time within the United States or to a 
U.S. person as described in the section of this Base Prospectus headed Subscription and Sale – United States of 
America. 
Amendment to Terms and Conditions 
The Temporary Global Bearer Instruments, Permanent Global Bearer Instruments and Global Registered 
Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Instruments that they represent, some of which modify the effect of 
the Master Terms and Conditions as completed by the applicable Series Terms. Certain of those provisions are 
summarised below:

--- Page 219 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
 
207 
 
 
Payments 
Payments on any Temporary Global Bearer Instrument issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Trust Deed. All payments in respect of Instruments represented by a Global Instrument will be made against 
presentation and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Instruments, surrender of that Global 
Instrument to the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent. If the Global Instrument is a CGN, a record 
of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Instrument, which endorsement will be prima facie 
evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Instruments. If the Global Bearer Instrument is a NGN 
or if the Global Registered Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such 
payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Instruments recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
represented by the Global Bearer Instrument or the Global Registered Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such 
discharge. 
All payments in respect of Registered Instruments represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be made to, 
or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where "Clearing System Business Day" means 
Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 01 January.  
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Instrument represented by a Global Instrument that is required by the Terms and Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant 
Global Instrument. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Bearer Instrument is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Instruments, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set 
out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in 
respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Instruments represented by such Global Bearer 
Instrument shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Trustee’s powers 
In considering the interests of Instrumentholders while any Global Instrument is held on behalf of a clearing system, 
the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to such Global 
Instrument and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the Instrumentholders. 
Amendments 
While any Global Bearer Instrument is held on behalf of, or any Global Registered Certificate is registered in the 
name of any nominee for, a clearing system, and where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of 
determining whether a Written Resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be by: 
(a) 
accountholders in the relevant clearing system(s) with entitlements to such Global Bearer Instrument or 
Global Registered Certificate; and/or 
(b) 
where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from 
or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is held. 
For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by the relevant clearing system or issued by an 
accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain in relation to the holding of interests in the Instruments.

--- Page 220 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
 
208 
 
 
Any resolution passed in such a manner shall be binding on all Instrumentholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instructions proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall in the absence 
of manifest error be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise 
any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s Creation Online system) in accordance with its usual 
procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Instruments is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person 
by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Instrumentholder settlement option 
Where "Instrumentholder Settlement Option" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Series Terms and 
the person appearing as the accountholder for the relevant clearing system holds all outstanding Instruments at 
such time for a single person, then if instructed by such person such accountholder shall in accordance with their 
instructions and by giving the appropriate notices through the relevant clearing system, elect on behalf of such 
person to receive either the Early Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical Settlement Amount.

--- Page 221 ---
Description of the Security Arrangements 
 
 
209 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
Instruments issued under the Programme will be secured obligations. The security interests described below and 
any additional security created in relation to a particular Series of Instruments shall be known as the Mortgaged 
Property. This security is granted in favour of the Trustee who will hold this on trust for itself, the Instrumentholders 
and for the other parties to whom the Issuer owes obligations in relation to that Series including each Counterparty 
(these parties are together known as the Secured Creditors). The security constituted by the Trust Deed and/or any 
other Security Document for each Series of Instruments shall be known as the Transaction Security. The Series 
Terms and Conditions will set out the order of priority in which the Secured Creditors will be paid if the Transaction 
Security is enforced. The order of priority is specified for each Series of Instruments and may be Counterparty 
Priority or Instrumentholder Priority, each as defined in the Terms and Conditions. 
The various payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of each Series of Instruments shall be secured, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed, over some or all of the following assets: 
The Collateral 
• 
the Collateral; and 
• 
all the Issuer’s rights, title and interest attaching to or in respect of the Collateral 
and in each case all property, income, sums or other assets derived therefrom; 
The Agency Agreement, Custody Agreement, Disposal Agency Agreement and Calculation Agency 
Agreement 
• 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under: 
the Agency Agreement; 
the Custody Agreement; 
the Disposal Agency Agreement; 
the Calculation Agency Agreement; 
• 
all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or any Paying Agent and/or the Custodian to meet 
payments due in respect of any Secured Payment Obligation; 
• 
all sums standing to the credit of the Series Reserve Account; and 
• 
all property, sums and assets held or received by the Disposal Agent relating to the Transaction 
Documents and the Collateral; 
The Swap Agreement 
• 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Swap Agreement (without prejudice to, and after giving effect 
to, any contractual netting provision contained in the Swap Agreement); 
• 
all sums, money, securities or other property received or receivable under the Swap Agreement; 
The Repo Agreement 
• 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Repo Agreement (without prejudice to, and after giving effect 
to, any contractual netting provision contained in the Repo Agreement); 
• 
all sums, money, securities or other property received or receivable under the Repo Agreement; 
The Securities Lending Agreement 
• 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Securities Lending Agreement (without prejudice to, and 
after giving effect to, any contractual netting provision contained in the Securities Lending Agreement);

--- Page 222 ---
Description of the Security Arrangements 
 
 
210 
 
 
• 
all sums, money, securities or other property received or receivable under the Securities Lending 
Agreement; 
Other agreements 
• 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under any and every Swap Counterparty Replacement Agreement; 
• 
the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under any and every Replacement Swap Agreement (without prejudice 
to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting provision contained in the Replacement Swap 
Agreement); and 
• 
if at any time the Collateral has not been delivered to the Custodian to be held on behalf of the Issuer as 
provided in the Purchase Agreement, the Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Purchase Agreement, 
and all sums, money, securities or other property received or receivable by or on behalf of the Issuer under 
the Purchase Agreement. 
Additional security interests 
Additionally, the Constituting Document may provide that different security arrangements apply to the Instruments 
and/or that the Secured Payment Obligations of the Issuer may be secured pursuant to a document (which would 
be a Security Document) other than the Trust Deed. The existence of a Security Document (other than the Trust 
Deed) for a particular Series of Instruments will be specified in the relevant Series Terms. A Security Document 
(other than the Trust Deed) will be entered into, for example, where there is a security interest to be created under 
a law other than English law in respect of a particular asset for a Series of Instruments. 
Collateral held in a clearing system 
The security may include a fixed charge over the Collateral which may be held by or through the Custodian which 
in turn will hold the Collateral through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or an Alternative Clearing 
System. The charge is intended to create a property interest in the Collateral in favour of the Trustee to secure the 
Issuer’s liabilities. 
Where the Collateral is held through a clearing system, neither the Issuer nor the Custodian is the legal owner of 
the Collateral itself but instead such persons only have interests in that Collateral rather than ownership of the 
Collateral itself. The Issuer only has interests in the Collateral to the extent they exist under the Custody Agreement. 
In turn, the Custodian will have rights either against an intermediary or against the relevant clearing system as an 
accountholder in that clearing system: the clearing system will have rights against the common depositary and the 
common depositary will in turn have rights against the issuer of the Collateral. 
Accordingly, where Collateral is held in a clearing system, the security constituted by the Trust Deed will take the 
form of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian under the Custody Agreement, rather than a 
charge over the Collateral itself.

--- Page 223 ---
Description of Early Redemption Events 
 
 
211 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS 
The following diagram summarises the circumstances in which the Instruments may be redeemed prior to their 
maturity date. A summary description of each of the main Early Redemption Events is set out below.  The 
Constituting Document for each Series may contain additional early redemption events or vary those set out below. 
 
 
Additional 
Redemption 
Event
Arranger 
Event
Collateral 
Event
Instrument 
Tax Event
Product 
Supplement 
Redemption 
Event
Series 
Reserve 
Account 
Balance 
Event
Swap 
Termination 
Event
Value Trigger 
Event
Illegality 
Event
Agent 
Replacement 
Failure Event
Regulatory 
Redemption 
Event
Benchmark 
Event
Settlement 
Failure Event
Underlying 
Collateral 
Tax Event
Underlying 
Collateral 
Currency 
Redenomination 
Event
Underlying 
Collateral 
Conversion
Underlying 
Collateral 
Default
Underlying 
Collateral 
Payment 
Failure
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Credit Event
Underlying 
Collateral 
Repayment
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Bankruptcy
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Failure to 
Pay
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Governmental 
Intervention
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Obligation 
Acceleration
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Repudiation/
Moratorium
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Restructuring
Early Redemption Event
Repo 
Agreement 
Termination 
Event
Swap 
Counterparty 
Replacement 
Failure Event
Issuer 
Tax 
Event
Securities 
Lending 
Agreement 
Termination 
Event

--- Page 224 ---
Description of Early Redemption Events 
 
 
212 
 
 
A summary description of each of the main Early Redemption Events is set out below: 
COLLATERAL-RELATED EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS 
Settlement Failure Event 
A Settlement Failure Event shall occur if, following an Underlying Collateral 
Settlement Failure, the Underlying Collateral has not been delivered to the Issuer 
within 30 Business Days of the Issue Date. 
Collateral Event 
A Collateral Event means the occurrence of an Underlying Collateral Repayment, 
Underlying Collateral Default, Underlying Collateral Payment Failure, Underlying 
Collateral Conversion, Underlying Collateral Currency Redenomination Event or 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Credit Event. 
Value Trigger Event 
A Value Trigger Event shall occur on any day if the Value of the Underlying Collateral 
plus the Value Trigger Swap Gain (if any) or minus the Value Trigger Swap Loss (if 
any) is equal to or less than the Value Trigger Level.  
TAX-RELATED EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS 
Underlying Collateral 
Tax Event 
An Underlying Collateral Tax Event shall occur in respect of a Series of Instruments 
in the circumstances set out in the Master Terms and Conditions relating to the Issuer 
being unable to receive amounts due under the Underlying Collateral without a Tax 
Deduction.  
Following an Underlying Collateral Tax Event in respect of a Series, if 100 per cent. 
of the Instrumentholders of that Series make an Instrumentholder Tax Continuation 
Election in respect of that Series, then such Underlying Collateral Tax Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred in respect of that Series,  such Series of Instruments 
shall not be redeemed as a result of that Underlying Collateral Tax Event and the 
aggregate amounts payable under such Series of Instruments shall be reduced by the 
aggregate amount of tax deducted or withheld (or to be deducted or withheld) from 
payments under the Underlying Collateral. 
Instrument Tax Event 
An Instrument Tax Event shall occur in respect of a Series of Instruments in the 
circumstances set out in the Master Terms and Conditions relating to the Issuer being 
required to apply a Tax Deduction (other than a FATCA Withholding) to payments 
under such Series of Instruments. 
If, following an Instrument Tax Event in respect of a Series, 100 per cent. of the 
Instrumentholders of that Series make an Instrumentholder Tax Continuation Election 
in respect of that Series, then such Instrument Tax Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of that Series, such Series of Instruments shall not be redeemed 
as a result of that Instrument Tax Event and the Issuer shall make such Tax 
Deductions from the amount(s) payable to the Instrumentholders under such Series 
of Instruments as required by Applicable Law. 
Issuer Tax Event 
An Issuer Tax Event shall occur in respect of a Series of Instruments in the 
circumstances set out in the Master Terms and Conditions relating to the Issuer being 
or becoming obliged to pay or account for Tax to any authority in relation to that Series 
or suffering a restriction to its ability to deduct interest or similar expense from  its 
calculation of net income, profits or gains for Tax purposes, in each case as a result 
of entering into or being or remaining party to that Series such that the Issuer would 
be unable to make payments in respect of the Instruments in full in addition to paying 
any resulting Tax.  
If, following an Issuer Tax Event in respect of a Series, 100 per cent. of the 
Instrumentholders of that Series make an  Instrumentholder Tax Continuation Election 
in respect of that Series, then such Issuer Tax Event shall be deemed not to have

--- Page 225 ---
Description of Early Redemption Events 
 
 
213 
 
 
occurred in respect of that Series, such Series of Instruments shall not be redeemed 
as a result of that Issuer Tax Event and the aggregate amounts payable under that 
Series of Instruments shall be reduced by amounts equal to the aggregate amounts 
of Tax which the Issuer is required to pay or account for to authorities in relation to 
such Issuer Tax Event. 
COUNTERPARTY, ARRANGER AND AGENT-RELATED EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS 
Swap Termination Event 
If an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions has been 
designated or deemed to be designated under the Swap Agreement (other than (i) as 
a result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Notice Date in respect of the 
Instruments or (ii) in circumstances that also constitute a Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Event), this shall be a Swap Termination Event. 
If an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) occurs with respect to the 
Swap Counterparty or a Termination Event (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
occurs where the Issuer has the right to designate an Early Termination Date in 
respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement, this shall 
be a Counterparty Event. Following a Counterparty Event, the Trustee shall, if 
instructed by Extraordinary Resolution, direct the Issuer to exercise its right to 
designate an Early Termination Event in respect of all outstanding Swap Transactions 
under the Swap Agreement and give notice of its determination that a Swap 
Termination Event has occurred. 
Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure 
Event 
A Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event means the occurrence of any of the 
events set out in the Master Terms and Conditions, in the context of the Swap 
Counterparty replacement provisions (as described in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Description of the Swap Counterparty Replacement Process"). 
Repo Agreement 
Termination Event 
If an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Repo Transactions has been 
designated or deemed to have arisen under the Repo Agreement (other than as a 
result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Notice Date in respect of the 
Instruments), this shall be a Repo Agreement Termination Event. 
If an Event of Default (as defined in the Repo Agreement) occurs with respect to the 
Repo Counterparty or any other event in respect of which the Issuer has the right to 
terminate all outstanding Repo Transactions under the Repo Agreement, this shall be 
a Counterparty Event. Following a Counterparty Event, the Trustee shall, if instructed 
by Extraordinary Resolution, direct the Issuer to exercise its right to designate an Early 
Termination Event in respect of all outstanding Repo Transactions under the Repo 
Agreement and give notice of its determination that a Repo Agreement Termination 
Event has occurred. 
Securities Lending 
Agreement Termination 
Event 
If an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding SL Transactions has been 
designated or deemed to have arisen under the Securities Lending Agreement (other 
than as a result of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Notice Date in respect of 
the Instruments), this shall be a Securities Lending Agreement Termination Event. 
If an Event of Default (as defined in the Securities Lending Agreement) occurs with 
respect to the SL Counterparty or any other event in respect of which the Issuer has 
the right to terminate all outstanding SL Transactions under the Securities Lending 
Agreement, this shall be a Counterparty Event. Following a Counterparty Event, the 
Trustee shall, if instructed by Extraordinary Resolution, direct the Issuer to exercise 
its right to designate an Early Termination Event in respect of all outstanding SL 
Transactions under the Securities Lending Agreement and give notice of its 
determination that a Securities Lending Agreement Termination Event has occurred.

--- Page 226 ---
Description of Early Redemption Events 
 
 
214 
 
 
Agent Replacement 
Failure Event 
An Agent Replacement Failure Event means the occurrence of any of the events set 
out in the Transaction Party Replacement Annex to the Master Terms and Conditions. 
Arranger Event 
An Arranger Trigger Event means the occurrence of both (i) a Bankruptcy Event in 
respect of the Arranger and (ii) a failure by the Arranger to pay any amounts due from 
the Arranger pursuant to Clause 3.1 or Clause 3.2 of the Mandate Agreement 
(provided that the Issuer has provided written notice of such failure to the Arranger 
and, following such notice being effective, such amounts have remained due but 
unpaid for a period of 30 calendar days). An Arranger Trigger Event shall constitute 
an Arranger Event, unless 100 per cent. of the Instrumentholders of such Series elect 
that the Instruments shall not be redeemed as a result of such Arranger Trigger Event 
and satisfy the payment obligations set out in the Arranger Event Annex to the Master 
Terms and Conditions. 
Series Reserve Account 
Balance Event 
A Series Reserve Account Balance Event means the events specified as such in 
clauses 1(e) and 1(f) of the Arranger Event Annex to the Master Terms and 
Conditions. 
OTHER EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS 
Illegality Event 
An Illegality Event shall occur if it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform its 
payment or delivery obligations in respect of the Instruments or any related 
agreement, hold or receive payment or delivery in respect of Collateral or comply with 
any other material provision of the Instruments or any related agreements, for any of 
the reasons set out in the definition of Illegality Event. 
Regulatory Event 
A Regulatory Event shall occur if certain changes in law or regulation, or interpretation 
thereof, will result in there being a reasonable likelihood of it becoming unlawful, 
unduly onerous, impossible or impracticable for the Issuer to maintain the Instruments 
and/or the Company to maintain the Programme, or the Company (acting in respect 
of one or more Compartments) generally to maintain any other Instruments issued 
under the Programme, or for a party to perform its duties relating to the Instruments, 
as set out in the definition of Regulatory Event. 
Master Condition 9(d)(vi) contains provisions relating to amendments which may be 
made to the Instruments in certain circumstances without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders which would result in the applicable Regulatory Event (or Specified 
Regulatory Event) ceasing to apply.  If the Calculation Agent determines that no 
amendments may be made that would result in the applicable Regulatory Event (or 
Specified Regulatory Event) ceasing to apply, the Instruments will be redeemed early. 
Benchmark Event 
A Benchmark Event may occur if the Calculation Agent determines that any relevant 
Benchmark in respect of a Series has been, or will be discontinued, it will become 
unreliable or undesirable for use in that Series, the relevant administrator for that 
Benchmark may cease to be authorised or registered, the Benchmark will become 
subject to additional regulatory obligations or its methodology would be materially 
changed. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the provisions of Master Condition 9(d)(vii) will apply 
and amendments may be made to the Instruments (including a replacement the 
affected Benchmark with another benchmark) without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders which would result in the applicable Benchmark Event ceasing to 
apply. If the Calculation Agent determines that no amendments may be made that 
would result in the applicable Benchmark Event ceasing to apply, a Benchmark 
Redemption Event will occur and the Instruments will be redeemed early.

--- Page 227 ---
Description of Early Redemption Events 
 
 
215 
 
 
Reference Rate 
Redemption Event 
A Reference Rate Event may occur if the Calculation Agent determines that a public 
statement has been made in relation to any relevant Reference Rate in respect of a 
Series that such Reference Rate has or will be discontinued or is no longer 
representative of the underlying market, or its methodology is or will be materially 
changed or the relevant administrator for that Reference Rate may cease to be 
authorised or registered or a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to it. 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs, the provisions of Master Conditions 7(h) and 7(i) 
will apply. The Calculation Agent may (or in the case of certain mandatory events 
shall) apply interpolation provisions or identify a Replacement Reference Rate and 
amendments may be made to the Instruments without the consent of the 
Instrumentholders to account for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate and/or to preserve to the extent practicable the 
economic equivalence of the Instruments prior to such replacement of the Reference 
Rate. If the Calculation Agent is unable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate or 
determine suitable amendments to the terms of the Instruments and the Transaction 
Documents, a Reference Rate Redemption Event may occur and the Instruments may 
be redeemed early. 
Product Supplement 
Redemption Event 
A Product Supplement Redemption Event means any event specified as such in any 
applicable Product Supplement. 
Additional Redemption 
Event 
An Additional Redemption Event means the occurrence of any of the Additional 
Redemption Events specified in the Series Terms.

--- Page 228 ---
Description of the Liquidation of Collateral, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse Provisions 
 
 
216 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE LIQUIDATION OF COLLATERAL, ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY AND LIMITED 
RECOURSE PROVISIONS 
Liquidation of Collateral in a pre-enforcement scenario 
The Instruments may redeem early before their maturity date in various circumstances known as Early Redemption 
Events (see the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of Early Redemption Events"). In order to 
trigger the early redemption of the Instruments in the case of an Early Redemption Event, an Early Redemption 
Notice will need be given by the Issuer to the Instrumentholders and the Disposal Agent. The giving of the Early 
Redemption Notice will trigger a process which will require the Disposal Agent to liquidate the Collateral in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the Master Terms and Conditions and the Disposal Agency Agreement. 
Following liquidation, the Instruments will be redeemed at their Early Cash Redemption Amount on the Early 
Redemption Date. The Early Cash Redemption Amount per Instrument will be determined based on: 
• 
the net liquidation proceeds of the Collateral as at the third Business Day before the Early Redemption 
Date (after payment of the expenses of liquidation); plus 
• 
any termination payment due to the Issuer under any Counterparty Agreement; minus 
• 
any amounts ranking in priority to the Instrumentholders, 
and, in certain circumstances, it may be subject to a maximum of the outstanding principal amount of such 
Instrument plus any unpaid accrued interest thereon. 
If not all of the Collateral has been liquidated by such date then a deemed valuation is applied to the Collateral in 
order to calculate the Early Cash Redemption Amount. 
If the Series Terms specify that the ‘Instrument Settlement Option’ applies, an Instrumentholder holding 100 per 
cent. of the Instruments of a Series may elect for physical delivery of Collateral, instead of payment of a cash 
amount upon early redemption. Such election would need to be made two Business Days following delivery of the 
Early Redemption Notice. In such circumstances the Instrumentholder shall be required to pay to the Issuer an 
amount known as the ‘Physical Redemption Priority Payment Amount’ that takes into account payment obligations 
of the Issuer ranking in priority to the Instrumentholders pursuant to Master Condition 13(a) (Application of 
Liquidation Proceeds), as well as the costs and expenses payable in connection with the delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Amount. 
Enforcement of security 
In certain circumstances the Trustee will enforce the Transaction Security and realise the Collateral. In the context 
of delivery of an Enforcement Notice after an Early Redemption Event, the Trustee will take control of realising the 
Collateral. 
At any time after the Trustee has been notified of the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, it may, and if requested 
by holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Instruments then outstanding, or directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, or directed in writing by the Counterparties, shall (in each case subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), deliver an Enforcement Notice to the Issuer and 
enforce all of the Transaction Security. The Trustee shall be obliged to act on the first such direction received and 
shall have no liability to any person for so doing. 
An Enforcement Event (as defined in the Master Terms and Conditions) will occur where: 
• 
there has been an Early Redemption Event and payment and/or delivery of the Early Redemption Amount 
has not been made on the Early Redemption Date; 
• 
there has been an Event of Default and payment of the Default Redemption Amount (together with any 
unpaid accrued interest thereon) is not immediately made; 
• 
amounts due on the Maturity Date have not been paid on such date or there has been a failure to pay 
interest, amortisation or instalment amounts when due; or

--- Page 229 ---
Description of the Liquidation of Collateral, Enforcement of Security and Limited Recourse Provisions 
 
 
217 
 
 
• 
if, following payment in full by the Issuer of any amount due and payable to the Instrumentholders (whether 
before or after the Maturity Date), the Issuer has failed to pay amounts due under any Counterparty 
Agreement. 
In order to enforce the Transaction Security the Trustee may: 
• 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Mortgaged Property into money in such manner and on such terms as it 
shall think fit, and the Trustee may, at its discretion, take possession of all or part of the Mortgaged Property 
over which the Transaction Security shall have become enforceable; 
• 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Collateral Obligor as it deems appropriate but without any 
liability to the Instrumentholders or Couponholders or any other Secured Creditor as to the consequence of 
such action, step or proceeding on individual Instrumentholders or Couponholders or any other Secured 
Creditor; 
• 
do all other acts and things which it may consider desirable or necessary for realising any Mortgaged 
Property or incidental or conducive to any of the rights, powers or discretions conferred on a receiver under 
or by virtue of the Trust Deed or law; 
• 
exercise in relation to any Mortgaged Property all the powers, authorities and things which it would be 
capable of exercising if it were the absolute beneficial owner of that Mortgaged Property; 
• 
take any such other action or step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems appropriate 
(including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the Mortgaged Property and/or appointing a 
receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the Trust Deed and/or any other Security Document (if 
applicable); and 
• 
use the name of the Issuer for any of the above purposes. 
The Trustee shall hold the proceeds of enforcement of the Transaction Security received by it under the Trust Deed 
on trust and apply them in accordance with the order of priority specified in the Series Terms. See Master Condition 
13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds) for a description of the different orders of priority. 
Limited recourse 
The limited recourse and non-petition provisions provide that claims against the Issuer by the Instrumentholders, 
each Counterparty and each other creditor relating to any Series of Instruments will be limited to the series assets 
applicable to such Instruments. If, following liquidation or enforcement of security as described above, the available 
cash sums pursuant to Master Condition 13(a) (Application of Liquidation Proceeds) or assets available for delivery, 
as the case may be, are insufficient for the holders of Instruments to receive payment in full of any Early Redemption 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Default Redemption Amount or other amount 
payable on the Maturity Date and, in each case, any interest accrued thereon, the holders of Instruments will receive 
an amount which is less than any such amount and the provisions of Master Condition 14 (Limited recourse and 
non-petition) will apply. No other assets of the Company will be available to meet such shortfall, the claims of such 
Instrumentholders and any Counterparty or other creditors relating to such Instruments in respect of any such 
shortfall shall be extinguished. No Instrumentholders will be able to petition for the winding-up of the Company as 
a consequence of any such shortfall or launch proceedings against the Company.

--- Page 230 ---
Description of the Swap Agreement 
 
 
218 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Instruments in connection with which there is a Swap Agreement in respect 
of which Mediobanca is the Swap Counterparty. If in respect of a Series where Mediobanca is not the Swap 
Counterparty, the applicable Series Issuance Document will specify which Swap Agreement applies. 
Swap documentation 
The Issuer may enter into an ISDA 2002 ISDA Master Agreement together with a Schedule thereto (the "ISDA 
Master Agreement") with a counterparty (the "Swap Counterparty") and, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document, may also enter into a credit support annex to the Schedule to the 
ISDA Master Agreement in the form of the Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the "Credit Support 
Annex") in respect of the issue of a Series of Instruments. The Credit Support Annex (if any) will supplement, form 
part of, and be subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement and will form part of the Schedule thereto (the ISDA Master 
Agreement as supplemented by the Credit Support Annex (if any) the "Master Agreement"). For the purposes of 
the ISDA Master Agreement, the credit support arrangements set out in the Credit Support Annex (if any) will 
constitute a transaction for the purposes of the ISDA Master Agreement. In connection with the issue of a Series of 
Instruments, the Issuer may enter into one or more transaction(s) under the ISDA Master Agreement (each a "Swap 
Transaction", and the confirmations evidencing such transactions together with the Master Agreement, the "Swap 
Agreement").  
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement (and should be construed as such) that 
will be applicable if the Swap Counterparty is Mediobanca. 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and vice 
versa. Payments by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and will be funded 
from sums received (i) on the issue of the relevant Instruments and/or (ii) in respect of the Underlying Collateral (if 
any) relating to such Instruments. 
The payments required between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement are designed 
to ensure that following the making of such payments the Issuer will have such funds, when taken together with 
remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Instruments and/or received in respect of the 
Underlying Collateral (if any) relating to such Instruments and/or received pursuant to the other Counterparty 
Agreement(s) (if any), as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such Instruments and the related 
Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
• 
to pay the purchase price for the Underlying Collateral (if any) relating to the relevant Series of Instruments;  
• 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), Instalment 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount and Final Redemption Amount; and/or 
• 
to make payments under any other Counterparty Agreement (if any); and/or 
• 
to make payments of certain fees and expenses. 
Events of Default 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain "Events of Default" (as defined in the Swap Agreement) relating to the 
Issuer and the Swap Counterparty, the occurrence of which may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement. 
Events of Default with respect to the Swap Counterparty include, and in respect of the Issuer include: 
• 
failure by the Issuer to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap Agreement required to 
be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein; 
• 
breach of agreement, repudiation of agreement, default in relation to any credit support documents, 
misrepresentation, default in relation to a specified transaction and, in relation to the Issuer, merger without 
assumption; and

--- Page 231 ---
Description of the Swap Agreement 
 
 
219 
 
 
• 
certain bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty. 
Termination Events 
The Swap Agreement provides for certain "Termination Events" (as defined in the Swap Agreement) the occurrence 
of any of which may result in the termination of the Swap Agreement.  
Termination Events include: 
• 
the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events; 
• 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a Tax Deduction and such 
Tax Deduction arises as a result of a change in Applicable Law or as a result of any action taken by a Tax 
authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant Swap Transaction(s); 
• 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Transaction(s) are subject to a Tax Deduction as a result 
of certain merger events with respect to the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty; 
• 
the Instruments being subject to an early redemption; 
• 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Instrumentholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions; 
• 
the Issuer failing to comply with any part of Clause 4 (Covenants) of the Trust Deed; 
• 
any Transaction Document relating to the relevant Series of Instruments is amended or waived without the 
Swap Counterparty’s prior written consent, such that the Swap Counterparty would, immediately after such 
amendment or waiver, be required to pay more or receive less under the Swap Agreement on any following 
payment date than would otherwise have been the case immediately prior to such amendment or waiver;  
• 
an amendment is made to either the Terms and Conditions or the Trust Deed without the consent of the 
Swap Counterparty which results in the Issuer’s obligations to the Swap Counterparty becoming further 
contractually subordinated to the Issuer’s obligations to any other Secured Creditor compared to the 
position as at the date of the Constituting Document;  
• 
an amendment is made or waiver granted in respect of the Collateral that may result in any of the events 
set out in paragraphs (i) to (v) of the definition of Swap Counterparty Reserved Matter occurring (unless 
such amendment is made or waiver is granted with the prior written permission of the Swap Counterparty); 
• 
if a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event occurs and no Early Termination Date has been designated 
prior to the specified Early Termination Longstop Date;  
• 
if the Issuer becomes subject to a clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR or an event or change in the 
Issuer’s status causes any representations relating to the Dodd Frank Act in the Swap Agreement to be 
untrue in any respect; 
• 
following the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event, if a valid Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Election is made in accordance with the Transaction Party Replacement Annex; 
• 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Reference Rate Event, either: (a) the Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the Swap Agreement) is unable to determine what modifications to the Swap 
Agreement would result in the Benchmark Event ceasing to apply or, in the case of the Reference Rate 
Event to account for the effect of the application of linear interpolation or replacement of the Reference 
Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate and/or to preserve to the extent practicable the economic 
equivalence of the Transaction(s) prior to the occurrence of such Reference Rate Event, as applicable, or 
(b) the Swap Counterparty rejects the modification proposed by the Calculation Agent, in either case, 
within 20 business days following the notification by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event or the Reference Rate Event, as applicable; and

--- Page 232 ---
Description of the Swap Agreement 
 
 
220 
 
 
• 
either party being required to (or there is a substantial likelihood of it being required to) make any deduction 
or withholding on account of FATCA in respect of any payment due from it to the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement. 
Early Termination Amount 
In connection with any Early Termination Date, either the Swap Counterparty or the Issuer will be required to 
determine the Early Termination Amount (each as defined in the Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement and 
whether such amount is payable from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or vice versa. Which of the Swap 
Counterparty or the Issuer determines the Early Termination Amount will depend on the reason for the termination 
of the Swap Agreement. Where the termination is as a result of an Event of Default, it will be the non-defaulting 
party who makes the determination. Where the termination is as a result of a Termination Event, the Swap 
Agreement will specify for each event which of the parties will make such determination (or, in certain 
circumstances, that both parties will make such determination). 
The Early Termination Amount is calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party making 
the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and obligations that have been 
terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as the "Close-out 
Amount") and taking into account the value of any collateral posted between the parties pursuant to any Credit 
Support Annex to the Swap Agreement. 
Credit Support Annex 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms or Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document, the Issuer will enter into 
a Credit Support Annex with the Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant Instruments in accordance with, and 
subject to, the Master CSA Terms. Where a Credit Support Annex is entered into it shall form part of the Swap 
Agreement. 
Collateral may be transferable to or from the Issuer under the Credit Support Annex. The Credit Support Annex in 
respect of a series of Instruments may allow for either “one-way” or “two-way” deliveries or payments under the 
Credit Support Annex.  As with respect to deliveries or payments under the Swap Agreement, the provisions of the 
Credit Support Annex will be set out in the Final Terms or the Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document relating 
to the relevant Instruments. 
The sections below provide a summary of the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and of certain terms used in 
the Credit Support Annex, but do not necessarily set out such terms in full. 
Delivery and Return of Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Annex, a party required to provide credit support is known as a "Transferor" and the 
recipient of such credit support is known as the "Transferee". 
A Transferor will be required to transfer credit support if its Delivery Amount for the relevant Valuation Date exceeds 
what is known as the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferor. Credit support will be transferred on a title 
transfer basis. 
A Delivery Amount arises if the amount (the “Credit Support Amount”) equal to sum of (i) Exposure (as defined 
below) of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement and (ii) any additional buffer amounts due in 
respect of the parties, exceeds the Value (as defined below) at that time of the credit support then provided by the 
Transferor (known as the Transferor's "Credit Support Balance"). The "Delivery Amount" will be equal to such 
Credit Support Amount minus the Value of such credit support. 
If the Delivery Amount does exceed the Transferor's Minimum Transfer Amount, the Transferor can then be required 
to transfer "Eligible Credit Support" having a Value equal to the Delivery Amount. 
The credit support comprising Eligible Credit Support is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Series Terms. 
Eligible Credit Support will typically comprise cash in an Eligible Currency (as defined below) and may also comprise 
specified securities. For the purposes of determining how much Eligible Credit Support is required to be provided 
as credit support, each item of credit support is given a Value.

--- Page 233 ---
Description of the Swap Agreement 
 
 
221 
 
 
Once a Transferor has provided credit support, it may be entitled to receive assets of the same type back from the 
Transferee if the parties' exposure to one another under the Swap Agreement, or the Value of the credit support, 
changes. The amount a Transferor is entitled to receive back is known as a “Return Amount”. 
A Return Amount arises if the Value of the credit support comprised in the Transferor's Credit Support Balance 
(again adjusted to take account of any credit support that is in the process of being transferred (by either party) as 
if it had been transferred) exceeds the exposure of the Transferee to the Transferor under the Swap Agreement. 
The Return Amount will be equal to such Credit Support Balance minus such Credit Support Amount. 
If the Return Amount for a Valuation Date exceeds the Minimum Transfer Amount of the Transferee, the Transferee 
is required to transfer credit support of the same type, nominal value, description and amount as that comprised in 
the Transferor's Credit Support Balance (known as "Equivalent Credit Support", up to an aggregate amount 
having a Value equal to that Return Amount). 
If the operation of the Credit Support Annex requires credit support to be provided by the Issuer as Transferor to 
the Swap Counterparty as Transferee, the Issuer would use the Collateral to satisfy its obligation. 
Value and Exposure 
The "Exposure" of a party ("X") to the other ("Y") under the Swap Agreement represents the amount, if any, that 
would be payable to X by Y (expressed as a positive number) or by X to Y (expressed as a negative number) under 
the Swap Agreement if it were terminated, but calculated on a mid-market basis. 
The "Value" of an item of credit support will be determined: 
• 
for cash, by taking the equivalent amount of that cash in the Base Currency and by then multiplying by a 
percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage; and 
• 
for securities, by taking the value in the Base Currency of the bid price for that security obtained by the 
Valuation Agent and by then multiplying by a percentage equal to the Valuation Percentage. 
The "Valuation Percentage" for an item of credit support, the relevant haircut value as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Series Terms. 
The "Base Currency" means the currency in which the Series is denominated, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Series Terms. 
An "Eligible Currency" will mean the Base Currency and each other currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Series Terms. 
Timing and Methodology of Calculations and Transfers 
Under the terms of the Credit Support Annex, the Valuation Agent will determine whether a Delivery Amount or 
Return Amount arises in relation to each Valuation Date, as well as making other valuations required under the 
Credit Support Annex. The "Valuation Agent" will be the Swap Counterparty provided that following the occurrence 
of a Bankruptcy Event in respect of the Valuation Agent, a replacement Valuation Agent shall be appointed. Such 
replacement Valuation Agent will be chosen either by the Issuer, with the prior approval of the Trustee or by the 
Instrumentholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution. 
A "Valuation Date" will be each day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, unless otherwise agreed. 
If transfer of credit support is required and relevant notices are received (or are deemed to have been received) by 
applicable cut-off times, then the relevant transfer is required to be made not later than the close of business on the 
Settlement Day relating to the date of the relevant demand.

--- Page 234 ---
Description of the Swap Agreement 
 
 
222 
 
 
Exchanges 
A Transferor is entitled to inform the Transferee that it wishes to exchange credit support comprised in its Credit 
Support Balance for alternative Eligible Credit Support. In such case, the Transferor and Transferee will be obliged 
to exchange the relevant credit support on the timings set out in the Credit Support Annex. 
Distributions and Interest Amounts 
Where Distributions arise in respect of credit support comprised in a Transferor's Credit Support Balance, the 
Transferee is required to transfer cash, securities or other property of the same type, nominal value, description 
and amount as such Distributions, to the extent that this would not create or increase a Delivery Amount. 
"Distributions" means, with respect to Eligible Credit Support comprised in the Credit Support Balance of a 
Transferor that comprises securities, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash or other 
property that would have been received by a holder of securities of the same type, nominal value, description and 
amount as such Eligible Credit Support from time to time, provided that Distributions shall be gross of any taxes, 
costs or other charges that may have been imposed on a payment of principal, interest or other payment or 
distribution to such a holder. 
If cash is provided as credit support, interest will be payable by the Transferee periodically at the applicable rate. 
Interest will be calculated in respect of each day (but will not be subject to daily compounding).

--- Page 235 ---
Description of the Repo Agreement 
 
 
223 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE REPO AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Instruments in connection with which there is a Repo Agreement in respect 
of which Mediobanca is the Repo Counterparty. If in respect of a Series where Mediobanca is not the Repo 
Counterparty, the applicable Series Issuance Document will specify which Repo Agreement applies. 
General 
The Issuer may enter into a 2011 Global Master Repurchase Agreement (together with each annex thereto the 
"GMRA ") with a counterparty (the "Repo Counterparty") in respect of the issue of a Series of Instruments. In 
connection with the issue of a Series of Instruments, the Issuer may enter into one or more transaction(s) under the 
GMRA (each a "Repo Transaction", and the confirmations evidencing such transactions together with the GMRA, 
the "Repo Agreement").  
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Repo Agreement (and should be construed as such) that 
will be applicable if the Repo Counterparty is Mediobanca. 
Payments and deliveries 
The payments and deliveries required between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement 
are designed to ensure that following the making of such payments and deliveries the Issuer will have such funds, 
when taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Instruments and/or 
received in respect of the Underlying Collateral (if any) relating to such Instruments and/or received pursuant to the 
other Counterparty Agreement(s) (if any), as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such Instruments and 
the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
• 
to pay the purchase price for the Underlying Collateral (if any) relating to the relevant Series of Instruments; 
and/or 
• 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), Instalment 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount and Final Redemption Amount; 
• 
to make payments under any other Counterparty Agreement; and/or 
• 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses. 
The exact payments due under the Repo Agreement for a particular Series of Instruments will vary from Series to 
Series depending on the terms of the relevant Series of Instruments. The exact payments will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Repo Agreement. There is no 
restriction upon the payments that may be agreed.  
Margining 
Certain assets may be transferable to or from the Issuer in relation to the margining provisions of the Repo 
Agreement. As with payments and deliveries under the Repo Agreement, the margining provisions will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Repo Agreement. There is 
no restriction upon the margining provisions that may be agreed. 
Events of Default 
The Repo Agreement provides for certain "Events of Default" (as defined in the Repo Agreement) relating to the 
Issuer and the Repo Counterparty, the occurrence of which may result in the termination of the Repo Agreement. 
Events of Default are limited to: 
• 
failure by the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty to pay, when due, any purchase price or repurchase price 
under the Repo Agreement required to be made by it; 
• 
failure by either party to pay amounts due on early termination of a transaction under the Repo Agreement;

--- Page 236 ---
Description of the Repo Agreement 
 
 
224 
 
 
• 
failure by the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty to comply with the relevant margin maintenance provisions 
under the Repo Agreement, to the extent applicable; 
• 
failure by the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty to transfer or credit to the other party a sum equal to (and 
in the same currency as) any sum it receives as income in respect of any securities transferred to it under 
the Repo Agreement, on the date it receives such income; 
• 
certain insolvency events relating to the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty; 
• 
the occurrence of certain material misrepresentations by the Repo Counterparty; 
• 
the Repo Counterparty admitting that it is unable to, or intends not to perform its obligations under the 
Repo Agreement; 
• 
the occurrence of an event of default in respect of the Instruments; 
• 
the occurrence of an event of default by the Issuer or the Counterparty in relation to the Swap Agreement 
and/or the Securities Lending Agreement (in each case if applicable and in their capacities thereunder); 
and 
• 
the Repo Counterparty failing to perform any of its other obligations under the Repo Agreement within 30 
days of receiving notice to do so. 
Termination Events 
The Repo Agreement also provides for certain termination events, the occurrence of any of which may result in the 
termination of the Repo Agreement prior to its scheduled maturity. 
These termination events include: 
• 
the Instruments being subject to an early redemption; 
• 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Instrumentholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions; 
• 
the Issuer failing to comply with certain covenants set out in the Trust Deed; 
• 
any Transaction Document relating to the relevant Series of Instruments is amended or waived without the 
Repo Counterparty’s prior written consent, such that the Repo Counterparty would, immediately after such 
amendment or waiver, be required to pay more or receive less under the Repo Agreement on any following 
payment date than would otherwise have been the case immediately prior to such amendment or waiver; 
• 
certain amendments being made to Collateral without the prior written consent of the Repo Counterparty; 
• 
either party being required to make any FATCA Withholding in respect of any payment due from it to the 
Repo Counterparty under the Repo Agreement; 
• 
if sums paid or received under the relevant Repo Transaction(s) are subject to a Tax Deduction and such 
Tax Deduction arises as a result of a change in Applicable Law or as a result of any action taken by a Tax 
authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant Repo Transaction(s); 
• 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Reference Rate Event, either: (a) the Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the Repo Agreement) is unable to determine what modifications to the Repo 
Agreement would result in the Benchmark Event ceasing to apply or, in the case of the Reference Rate 
Event, to account for the effect of the application of linear interpolation or replacement of the Reference 
Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate and/or to preserve to the extent practicable the economic 
equivalence of the Transaction(s) prior to the occurrence of such Reference Rate Event, as applicable, or, 
or (b) the Repo Counterparty rejects the modification proposed by the Calculation Agent, in either case, 
within 20 business days following the notification by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event or the Reference Rate Event (as applicable); and

--- Page 237 ---
Description of the Repo Agreement 
 
 
225 
 
 
• 
the occurrence of a Collateral Event during a Suspension Period. 
Consequences of Early Termination 
In connection with any "Event of Default" (as defined in the Repo Agreement), an early termination payment, based 
on the market value of the initial collateral sold under the Repo Agreement, the value of any margin posted by the 
parties under the Repo Agreement and the repurchase price payable for equivalent collateral, will be payable by 
the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or (as the case may be) by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer. 
In connection with early termination following one of the termination events described above, the parties’ obligations 
under the relevant Repo Transaction(s) will effectively be accelerated. 
Other than where the Repo Counterparty is in default under the Repo Agreement, in which case the Issuer will 
make any determinations under the Repo Agreement, the Repo Counterparty will make all determinations under 
the Repo Agreement relating to an early termination thereof. If the Repo Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will 
need to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of making such determination on the Issuer’s behalf. In 
determining an early termination payment, (i) the value of securities will be determined as either the sale price of 
such securities (taking into account reasonable fees, costs, commissions and expenses incurred by the party selling 
the securities) or their fair market value, in accordance with the Repo Agreement and (ii) the determining party is 
generally required to act in good faith.

--- Page 238 ---
Description of the Securities Lending Agreement 
 
 
226 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES LENDING AGREEMENT 
The following applies only in relation to Instruments in connection with which there is a Securities Lending 
Agreement in respect of which Mediobanca is the SL Counterparty. If in respect of a Series where Mediobanca is 
not the SL Counterparty, the applicable Series Issuance Document will specify which Securities Lending Agreement 
applies. 
General 
The Issuer may enter into an 2010 Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (together with each schedule (if 
any) thereto the "GMSLA") with a counterparty (the "SL Counterparty") in respect of the issue of a Series of 
Instruments. In connection with the issue of a Series of Instruments, the Issuer may enter into one or more securities 
loan transactions under the GMSLA (each an "SL Transaction", and the confirmations evidencing such 
transactions together with the GMSLA, the "Securities Lending Agreement").  
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Securities Lending Agreement (and should be construed 
as such) that will be applicable if the SL Counterparty is Mediobanca. 
Payments and deliveries 
The payments and deliveries required between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty under the Securities Lending 
Agreement are designed to ensure that following the making of such payments and deliveries the Issuer will have 
such funds, when taken together with remaining amounts available to it from the issue of the relevant Instruments 
and/or received in respect of the Underlying Collateral (if any) relating to such Instruments and/or received pursuant 
to the other Counterparty Agreement(s) (if any), as are necessary for it to meet its obligations under such 
Instruments and the related Transaction Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, its obligation: 
• 
to pay the purchase price for the Underlying Collateral (if any) relating to the relevant Series of Instruments; 
and/or 
• 
to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), Instalment 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount and Final Redemption Amount; 
• 
to make payments under any other Counterparty Agreement; and/or 
• 
to make payment of certain fees and expenses. 
The exact payments due under the Securities Lending Agreement for a particular Series of Instruments will vary 
from Series to Series depending on the terms of the relevant Series of Instruments. The exact payments will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant Securities Lending 
Agreement. There is no restriction upon the payments that may be agreed.  
Margining 
Certain assets may be transferable to or from the Issuer in relation to the margining provisions of the Securities 
Lending Agreement. As with payments and deliveries under the Securities Lending Agreement, the margining 
provisions will be agreed between the Issuer and the SL Counterparty at the time of entry into of the relevant 
Securities Lending Agreement. There is no restriction upon the margining provisions that may be agreed. 
Events of Default 
The Securities Lending Agreement provides for certain "Events of Default" (as defined in the Securities Lending 
Agreement) relating to the Issuer and the SL Counterparty, the occurrence of which may result in the termination 
of the Securities Lending Agreement. 
Events of Default are limited to: 
• 
failure by the Issuer or the SL Counterparty to pay or repay cash collateral or deliver or redeliver collateral 
under the Securities Lending Agreement;

--- Page 239 ---
Description of the Securities Lending Agreement 
 
 
227 
 
 
• 
failure by the Issuer or the SL Counterparty to make payments to the other in respect of income received 
on any loaned securities or non-cash collateral delivered under the Securities Lending Agreement;  
• 
failure by the Issuer or the SL Counterparty to pay any sums due to the other party relating to its failure to 
deliver Equivalent Securities or Equivalent Collateral (each as defined in the Securities Lending 
Agreement); 
• 
certain insolvency events relating to the Issuer or the SL Counterparty; 
• 
the occurrence of certain material misrepresentations by the SL Counterparty; 
• 
the SL Counterparty admitting that it is unable to, or intends not to perform its obligations under the 
Securities Lending Agreement; 
• 
all or any material part of the Issuer’s or the SL Counterparty’s assets being transferred or ordered to be 
transferred to a Trustee by a regulatory authority; 
• 
the SL Counterparty failing to perform any of its other obligations under the Securities Lending Agreement 
within 30 days of receiving notice to do so; 
• 
the occurrence of an event of default in respect of the Instruments; and 
• 
the occurrence of an event of default by the Issuer or the Counterparty in relation to the Swap Agreement 
and/or the Repo Agreement (in each case if applicable and in their capacities thereunder). 
Termination Events 
The Securities Lending Agreement provides for certain termination events, the occurrence of any of which may 
result in the termination of the Securities Lending Agreement.  
These termination events include: 
• 
the Instruments being subject to an early redemption; 
• 
the Issuer failing to give an Early Redemption Notice to Instrumentholders when required to do so pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions; 
• 
the Issuer failing to comply with certain circumstances set out in the Trust Deed; 
• 
any Transaction Document relating to the relevant Series of Instruments is amended or waived without the 
SL Counterparty’s prior written consent, such that the SL Counterparty would, immediately after such 
amendment or waiver, be required to pay more or receive less under the Securities Lending Agreement 
on any following payment date than would otherwise have been the case immediately prior to such 
amendment or waiver;  
• 
certain amendments being made to Collateral without the prior written consent of the SL Counterparty; 
• 
either party being required to make any FATCA Withholding in respect of any payment due from it to the 
SL Counterparty under the Securities Lending Agreement;  
• 
if sums paid or received under the relevant SL Transaction(s) are subject to a Tax Deduction and such 
Tax Deduction arises as a result of a change in Applicable Law or as a result of any action taken by a Tax 
authority or a court after the entry into of the relevant SL Transaction(s); 
• 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Reference Rate Event, either: (a) the Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the Repo Agreement) is unable to determine what modifications to the Repo 
Agreement would result in the Benchmark Event ceasing to apply or, in the case of the Reference Rate 
Event, to account for the effect of the application of linear interpolation or replacement of the Reference 
Rate with a Replacement Reference Rate and/or to preserve to the extent practicable the economic 
equivalence of the Transaction(s) prior to the occurrence of such Reference Rate Event, as applicable, or 
(b) the Repo Counterparty rejects the modification proposed by the Calculation Agent, in either case, within

--- Page 240 ---
Description of the Securities Lending Agreement 
 
 
228 
 
 
20 business days following the notification by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, or the Reference Rate Event (as applicable); and 
• 
the occurrence of a Collateral Event during a Suspension Period. 
Consequences of Early Termination 
In connection with any "Event of Default" (as defined in the Securities Lending Agreement), an account will be taken 
of all the sums due from one party to the other under the Securities Lending Agreement. Sums due from each party 
to the other will be set off and the net amount will be payable.  
In connection with early termination following one of the termination events described above, the parties’ obligations 
under the relevant SL Transactions will effectively be accelerated. 
Other than where the SL Counterparty is in default under the Securities Lending Agreement, in which case the 
Issuer will make any determinations under the Securities Lending Agreement, the SL Counterparty will make all 
determinations under the Securities Lending Agreement relating to an early termination thereof. If the SL 
Counterparty is in default, the Issuer will need to appoint a calculation agent for the purposes of making such 
determination on the Issuer’s behalf. In determining a termination payment, (i) the value of securities will be 
determined as either (a) the sale or purchase price of such securities (taking into account reasonable fees, costs, 
commissions and expenses incurred by the party selling or purchasing the securities), (b) the bid or offer price (as 
applicable) quoted from two or more market makers or regular dealers, or (c) their fair market value, in accordance 
with the Securities Lending Agreement and (ii) the determining party is generally required to act in good faith.

--- Page 241 ---
Description of the Swap Counterparty Replacement Process 
 
 
229 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY REPLACEMENT PROCESS 
Clause 2 (Swap Counterparty Replacement) of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex to the Master Terms and 
Conditions (the "Swap Counterparty Replacement Process") contains detailed provisions setting out the possible 
consequences of, and certain rights of Instrumentholders following, a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event (as 
described below) in respect of a Series of Instruments, including an early redemption of such Series.  
Similar provisions are included in respect of Arranger Events (see the Arranger Event Annex to the Master Terms 
and Conditions) and Agent Replacement Events (which relate to the Calculation Agent and/or the Disposal Agent 
in circumstances where no Swap Counterparty Replacement Event has occurred, and also the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, Custodian, Registrar, any Transfer Agent and/or any Paying Agent, see Clause 1 of the Transaction Party 
Replacement Annex to the Master Terms and Conditions). 
The consequences of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event are summarised below and in the flowchart set out 
on the following page. This is a summary description only of certain provisions of the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Process and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the Swap Counterparty Replacement Process. 
The Swap Counterparty Replacement Process are subject to the Constituting Document and Series Terms in 
respect of a specific Series of Instruments. No assurance is given that the provisions in the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Process and any Constituting Document or Series Terms will address to the satisfaction of investors 
any of the issues experienced by investors following a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event. 
A "Swap Counterparty Replacement Event" means one or more of the following events, as specified in the Series 
Terms: 
• 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) in respect of which the Swap Counterparty is the 
Defaulting Party; and/or 
• 
a Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event. 
Note that "Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event" will be defined separately for each Series of 
Instruments. 
If a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event occurs, the existing Swap Agreement shall terminate. 
Instrumentholders will receive notice of the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event, following which 
there shall be an Early Redemption Event and the Instruments will redeem early unless 100 per cent. of the 
Instrumentholders of the Series elect that they wish the ‘Swap Counterparty Replacement Process’ to apply (i.e. for 
a replacement swap counterparty to enter into a replacement swap agreement with the Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Series of Instruments). Such election will take the form of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice, which 
will include, among other things, the details of an Instrumentholder Representative who will represent 
Instrumentholders in connection with the Swap Counterparty Replacement Process. The Instrumentholders will 
also need to specify in the Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice either the identity of a designated Replacement 
Swap Counterparty or the identity of the agent who will run the auction process to select a Replacement Swap 
Counterparty (and, if an auction process will be followed, whether the Instrumentholder Representative last look 
right will apply for the purposes of selecting the Replacement Swap Counterparty). 
Various amounts will need to be calculated in connection with the termination of the existing Swap Agreement, the 
auction process (if any) and the entry into of a new Swap Agreement, and certain of these amounts may be payable 
by the Instrumentholders. 
In certain circumstances, the Instruments shall redeem early despite 100 per cent. of Instrumentholders of the 
Series electing that they wish the ‘Swap Counterparty Replacement Process’ to apply, for example if the 
Instrumentholders fail to pay the costs associated with an auction held to select a Replacement Swap Counterparty, 
or the auction fails, or the Instrumentholder Representative does not comply with the requirements of any last look 
right, or the "know-your-customer" checks in relation to a proposed Replacement Swap Counterparty (or in relation 
to the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent) fail, or the requisite number of Instrumentholders have not designated a 
valid replacement Disposal Agent (if required), or the Instrumentholders fail to pay any required Issuer Shortfall 
Amount. In these circumstances, and if so specified in the Series Terms, there shall be an Early Redemption Event

--- Page 242 ---
Description of the Swap Counterparty Replacement Process 
 
 
230 
 
 
by virtue of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event occurring, as defined in the Master Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 243 ---
Swap Counterparty Replacement Flowchart 
 
 
231 
 
 
The following flowchart summarises the consequences of a Swap Counterparty Replacement Event. 
Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Event occurs. 100% 
Instrumentholders have option to 
elect that the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Process should apply. 
NB Issuer election to suspend 
payments under Instruments during 
this process
Auction process, payment by Instrumentholders of 
Swap Counterparty Auction Costs and determination of 
Replacement Swap Price, Collateral Replacement Price 
and Total Replacement Price
Replacement Swap Counterparty selected (either 
automatically or by way of Instrumentholder 
Representative last look right) and commitment made 
by 100% Instrumentholders to pay any Issuer Shortfall 
Amount?
Will Replacement Swap 
Counterparty also assume the 
Replacement Disposal Agent 
role?
Have more than 50% 
Instrumentholders designated 
a valid replacement Disposal 
Agent?
Issuer to pay Total 
Replacement Price to 
Replacement Swap 
Counterparty and Swap 
Counterparty Replacement 
Additional Payment Amounts 
to Instrumentholders 
Instrumentholders to pay Issuer 
Shortfall Amount. Issuer to pay 
Total Replacement Price to 
Replacement Swap 
Counterparty
Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure Event 
(which will be an Early 
Redemption Event if so 
specified in the Series Terms)
New Swap Agreement 
effective. Delivery to the Issuer 
of any Collateral Shortfall 
Assets and settlement of any 
Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim 
Additional Payment Amount or 
assignment of unpaid Swap 
Close-Out Claim
No
Yes
No
Issuer Shortfall Amount 
not paid
Did Instrumentholders specify an 
eligible Replacement Swap 
Counterparty and all information 
required in the Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Notice?
Clause 2(a) to Clause 2(b)
Clause 2(o)
Clause 2(f)
Yes
Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Agreement 
signed, Issuer Shortfall 
Amount/Issuer Excess Amount 
calculated
Issuer Shortfall Amount 
paid
Clause 2(h) and Clause 2(i)
Clause 2(j)
Clause 2(k) to Clause 2(l)
Clause 2(l)
Clause 2(m) and Clause 2(n)
Option not exercised
Option exercised
Auction 
costs not 
paid/Auction 
fails
Issuer Shortfall 
Amount
Issuer Excess Amount
Selection not 
made
Selection 
made
Existing swap terminated and Early 
Termination Amount calculated
Clause 2(d)
Early Termination 
Amount payable by 
Issuer to Swap 
Counterparty. 
Liquidation of 
Collateral if 
necessary
Early Termination Amount payable by 
Swap Counterparty to Issuer. If 
received, used to fund Replacement 
Swap Price and payment to 
Instrumentholders. If not, assignment 
of unpaid Swap Close-Out claim will 
apply
Clause 2(c)
Clause 2(e)
Clause 2(h)
Satisfaction of Replacement 
Swap Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria (including KYC 
checks)
Clause 2(g)
KYC failed
Satisfaction of Replacement 
Swap Counterparty Eligibility 
Criteria (including KYC 
checks)
No
KYC passed
KYC passed
KYC failed
Yes
 
Note: the clause numbers above refer to the relevant clause of the Transaction Party Replacement Annex to the Master Terms 
and Conditions

--- Page 244 ---
The Company 
 
 
232 
 
 
THE COMPANY  
The Company is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a société anonyme (public limited liability company) 
under the laws of Luxembourg on 28 January 2020 under the name of Buckingham Gate S.A. for the purpose of 
issuing asset backed securities in accordance with the Securitisation Law. 
A copy of the Articles was published in the Electronic Register of Companies and Associations (Registre 
Electronique des Sociétés et Associations) on 07 February 2020 and the Company is registered with the 
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under number 
B241693.  
The registered office of the Company is at Airport Center Luxembourg, 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. The telephone number of the Company is +352 26 34 56 61. 
Share capital  
The authorised issued share capital of the Company is EUR 30,000.  The share capital of the Company is divided 
into 30 Shares (as defined in the Articles) of EUR 1,000 each. 
Ownership of the Company 
The Company has issued 30 Shares, all of which are fully paid and are held by Stichting Buckingham Gate. 
Stichting Buckingham Gate is a foundation (stichting) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands with limited 
liability and is established for a specific purpose. It is not owned or controlled by any person. Stichting Buckingham 
Gate has no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit from its holding of the issued shares. Stichting Buckingham 
Gate will apply any income derived by it from the Company solely for charitable purposes. It is governed and 
represented by a board responsible for the foundation’s administration. The board members of Stichting 
Buckingham Gate are provided by Sanne Group (Luxembourg) S.A. 
Issuer and Compartments 
The Company intends to establish several Compartments in accordance with the Securitisation Law and its Articles. 
Under the Securitisation Law, each Compartment is a separate and distinct part of the Company’s estate 
(patrimoine) and will conduct no business operations other than the issue and repayment of the relevant Instruments 
and the connected transactions. The Company acting in respect of one of its Compartments is referred to as the 
"Issuer". 
The recourse of the Company’s creditors in respect of each Compartment is limited to the assets allocated to that 
Compartment. This means that claims against the Company by the Secured Creditors (including the 
Instrumentholders) in respect of each Series of Instruments will be limited to the net proceeds of the Mortgaged 
Property for such Series included in the relevant Compartment. Under the Securitisation Law, the net proceeds of 
the Mortgaged Property for each Series are available only for distribution to the specified Instrumentholders and 
other creditors relating to such Series. 
Activities of the Company 
The corporate purposes of the Company set out in the Articles are to enter into, perform and serve as a vehicle for 
any securitisation transactions as permitted under the Securitisation Law.  
The Company may acquire or assume, directly or through another entity or vehicle, the risks relating to the holding 
or ownership of claims, structured deposits, receivables and/or other goods, structured products relating to 
commodities or assets (including securities of any kind), either movable or immovable, tangible or intangible, and/or 
risks relating to liabilities or commitments of third parties or which are inherent to all or part of the activities 
undertaken by third parties, by issuing securities of any kind (valeurs mobilières) (including but not limited to 
securities in bearer form (au porteur) and/or registered from (nominatives)) whose value or return is linked to these 
risks. The Company may assume or acquire these risks by acquiring, by any means, claims, deposits, receivables 
and/or other goods, structured products relating to commodities or assets by guaranteeing the liabilities or

--- Page 245 ---
The Company 
 
 
233 
 
 
commitments of third parties or by binding itself in any other way, as set out in the relevant issuance documentation 
of the Issuer applicable to a Series. 
The Company may, within the limits of the Securitisation Law, proceed, so far as they relate to securitisation 
transactions, to (i) the acquisition, holding and disposal, in any form, by any means, whether directly or indirectly, 
of participations, rights and interests in, and obligations of, Luxembourg and foreign companies, (ii) the acquisition 
by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as the transfer by sale, exchange or in any other manner 
of stock, bonds, debentures, securities and other instruments or financial instruments of any kind (including 
securities or parts or units issued by Luxembourg or foreign mutual funds or similar undertakings and exchangeable 
or convertible securities) and receivables, claims or loans or other credit facilities and agreements or contracts 
relating thereto, and (iii) the ownership, development and administration of a portfolio of assets (including, among 
other things, the assets referred to in (i) and (ii) above) in accordance with the provisions of the relevant issuance 
documentation. 
The Company may issue instruments in the form of securities, bonds (including exchangeable or convertible 
securities and securities linked to an index or a basket of indices or shares), debentures, certificates, warrants and 
any kind of debt or equity securities, including under one or more issuance programmes. The Company may lend 
funds including the proceeds of any borrowings and/or issues of securities, within the limits of the Securitisation 
Law and provided such lending or such borrowing relates to securitisation transactions, to its subsidiaries or 
affiliated companies or to any other company.  
The Company may, within the limits of the Securitisation Law give guarantees and grant security over its assets in 
order to secure the obligations it has assumed for the securitisation of those assets or for the benefit of investors 
(including any applicable trustee, agent, security agent or other representative) and/or any issuing entity 
participating in a securitisation transaction of the Company. The Company may not pledge, transfer, encumber or 
otherwise create security over some or all of its assets or transfer its assets for guarantee purposes, unless 
permitted by the Securitisation Law. 
The Company may enter into, execute and deliver and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, derivatives, options, 
repurchase, stock lending and similar transactions for as long as such agreements and transactions are necessary 
to facilitate the performance of the Company’s corporate object. The Company may generally employ any 
techniques and instruments relating to investments for the purpose of their efficient management, including, but not 
limited to, techniques and instruments designed to protect it against credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks 
and other risks. 
The Company may, in general, take any controlling and supervisory measures and carry out any operation or 
transaction which it considers necessary or useful in the accomplishment and development of its corporate object 
to the extent permitted under the Securitisation Law. 
The above description of the Company is to be understood in its broadest sense. The corporate object of the 
Company shall include any transaction or agreement which is entered into by the Company, provided such 
transaction or agreement is not inconsistent with the purposes stated above. 
Assets and liabilities 
The Company has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 30,000 representing the issued and paid-
up share capital and share premium, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of 
Instruments or the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any Mortgaged Property. 
Save in respect of the fees paid to it in connection with each issue of Instruments, any related profits and the 
proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such expenses or from amounts representing the Company’s 
issued and paid-up share capital and share premium, the Company will not accumulate any surpluses. 
Instruments issued by each Issuer are obligations of the Issuer alone and are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
any other person.

--- Page 246 ---
The Company 
 
 
234 
 
 
Capitalisation 
Shareholders’ funds 
Share capital (EUR 30,000, authorised and issued 30 Shares in Buckingham Gate S.A.) 
Total capitalisation: EUR 30,000 
Indebtedness 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Company had no indebtedness. 
Management and supervisory bodies 
The Company is managed by the board of directors which is composed as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Business Address 
Marc Dieter Mangerich 
Employee of Sanne Group 
(Luxembourg) S.A. 
Airport Center Luxembourg 
5, Heienhaff  
L-1736 Senningerberg, 
Luxembourg 
Daniel Otto 
Employee of Sanne Group 
(Luxembourg) S.A. 
Airport Center Luxembourg 
5, Heienhaff 
L-1736 Senningerberg, 
Luxembourg 
Jörg Oster 
Employee of Sanne Group 
(Luxembourg) S.A. 
Airport Center Luxembourg 
5, Heienhaff 
L-1736 Senningerberg, 
Luxembourg 
Daniel Otto has been appointed by the directors of the Company as chairman of the Board. 
No corporate governance regime to which the Company would be subject exists in Luxembourg as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Corporate Services Provider 
Sanne Group (Luxembourg) S.A. (the "Corporate Services Provider"). 
Pursuant to the terms of the domiciliation and corporate services agreement dated 28 January 2020 and entered 
into between the Corporate Services Provider, the Company and the shareholder of the Company, the Corporate 
Services Provider will perform in Luxembourg certain administrative, accounting and related services including 
those of a domiciliation agent. In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Services Provider will receive various 
fees payable to it by the Company at rates agreed upon from time to time. 
The appointment of the Corporate Services Provider may be terminated by either the Company or the Corporate 
Services Provider upon not less than two months’ prior written notice. 
Financial statements 
The financial year of the Company begins on 01 January of each year and ends on 31 December of the same year 
save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the Company and ended on 31 December 
2020. 
In accordance with the Companies Law, the Company is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis 
following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of its shareholders. The Company is not 
required to and does not prepare interim financial statements.

--- Page 247 ---
The Company 
 
 
235 
 
 
No financial statements have been prepared as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any future published annual 
audited financial statements prepared for the Company will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office 
of the Company or the specified office of the Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg, as described in "General 
Information". 
Statutory auditors 
The approved statutory auditor(s) (réviseur(s) d’entreprises agréé(s)) of the Company, which have been appointed 
until the annual general meeting of shareholders to be held in 2020 by a resolution of the Board dated 06 February 
2020, are PricewaterhouseCoopers whose address is 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, Luxembourg L-2182, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg and who belong to the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Instituts des réviseurs d’entreprises). 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Instruments remain outstanding, the Company acting in respect of a specific Compartment 
will be subject to the restrictions set out in Clause 4.3.36 of the Trust Deed applicable to such series of Instruments 
and the Articles. Such restrictions include that, except as provided for or contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, 
the Trust Deed applicable to such series of Instruments, any other Security Document or any other Transaction 
Document and subject to the provisions of Master Condition 10 (Liquidation), neither the Issuer nor the Company 
will: 
(i) 
incur any indebtedness or engage in any business other than acquiring and holding Mortgaged Property, 
entering into Obligations, the entry into of related agreements and transactions and the performing of acts 
incidental thereto or necessary in connection with any of the foregoing, and provided that: 
(a) 
such Obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than the Company’s share capital and 
any assets securing any other Obligations (other than Equivalent Obligations);  
(b) 
such Obligations and any related agreements signed by the Issuer contain provisions that limit the 
recourse of any holder of, or counterparty to, such Obligations and of any party to any related 
agreement to assets other than those to which any other Obligations (other than Equivalent 
Obligations) have recourse; and 
(c) 
such Obligations and any related agreements signed by the Issuer contain “non-petition” language 
substantially similar to that contained in the Trust Deed applicable to such series of Instruments; 
(ii) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Mortgaged Property or any right or interest therein or create 
any mortgage, charge or other security or right of recourse in respect thereof in favour of any person; 
(iii) 
cause or permit any Transaction Document or the priority of the Transaction Security to be amended, 
terminated or discharged; 
(iv) 
release any party to any Counterparty Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Constituting Document or any other 
Security Document from any existing obligations thereunder; 
(v) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(vi) 
exercise any power of waiver pursuant to the terms of any Transaction Document or authorise any breach 
thereof; 
(vii) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as 
an entirety to any person; 
(viii) 
have any employees; 
 
(ix) 
have any shares in issue other than those issued on the date of its incorporation or make any distribution 
to its shareholder(s); 
(x) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless (a) such account relates 
to the issuance or entry into of Obligations and such Obligations have the benefit of security over the

--- Page 248 ---
The Company 
 
 
236 
 
 
Issuer’s interest in such account or (b) such account is opened in connection with the administration and 
management of the Company and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(xi) 
declare any dividends; 
(xii) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities);  
(xiii) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obliged for the debts of any other entity or person or enter into any 
agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of such entity or 
person or any other entity or person; 
(xiv) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any agreements 
whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(xv) 
except as is required in connection with the issuance or entry into of Obligations, advance or lend any of 
its moneys or assets, including but not limited to the Mortgaged Property, to any other entity or person; or 
(xvi) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional documents.

--- Page 249 ---
The Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty and SL Counterparty 
 
 
237 
 
 
THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY, REPO COUNTERPARTY AND SL COUNTERPARTY  
This section headed “The Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty and SL Counterparty” has been accurately 
reproduced from information published by Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. So far as the Company 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A (the “Bank)” is the parent company of the Mediobanca Banking 
Group (the “Group)”. 
 
As provided in Article 3 of the Bank’s Articles of Association, the purpose of the Bank is to raise funds and provide 
credit in any of the forms permitted, especially medium- and long-term credit to corporates. In complying with the 
regulatory provisions in force, the company may perform all banking, financial and brokerage operations and 
services, and any other operation instrumental or otherwise related to the achievement of its corporate purpose. 
 
As at 30 June 2020, the Bank had a market capitalisation of approximately €5.7 billion (hereinafter, “bn”). 
 
The “Mediobanca Group” comprises the Bank and the Group, together.  
 
Consolidated financial information as at 30/06/20*  
 
Profit and loss 
account (€m) 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking 
Consumer 
Wealth 
Management 
Principal 
investing 
Holding 
Functions 
Total 
Net interest income 
271.4 
948 
271 
(7.1) 
(55) 
1,442.2 
Total income 
575.1 
1,070.6 
583.8 
312.8 
(6.9) 
2,513.0 
Profit before tax 
275.4 
438 
113.8 
297.6 
(259.3) 
795.3 
Net profit 
180.7 
296.6 
80.4 
295 
(183.7) 
600.4 
* Source: Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A audited consolidated annual financial statement as at 
and for the year ended on 30 June 2020 
 
Further information relating to the Mediobanca Group can be found in the latest Mediobanca Group 2020 Annual 
Report 
and 
Accounts, 
which 
can 
be 
located 
at 
https://mediobanca.com/static/upload_new/mb-/mb-
2020_eng_ok.pdf. 
 
Following the downgrade by Fitch of the Republic of Italy’s sovereign ratings announced on 28 April 2020, as at 5 
June 2020, Fitch rated the Bank F3 (short-term Issuer Default Rating “IDR”), BBB- (long-term IDR) and stable 
(outlook) – see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.  
 
As at 29 October 2020, S&P rated the Bank A-2 (short-term Issuer Credit Rating “ICR”), BBB (long-term ICR) and 
negative (outlook) – see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-relations/financing-rating/rating.html.  
 
As at 14 October 2020, Moody’s rated the Bank P-2 (short-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating), Baa1 
(long-term Counterparty Risk and Deposits Rating) and stable (outlook) – see www.mediobanca.com/en/investor-
relations/financing-rating/rating.html. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has securities admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 250 ---
Description of the Custodian 
 
 
238 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN 
The information set out below has been obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Incorporation, Registered Office 
The Bank of New York Mellon, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, is 
incorporated, with limited liability by Charter, under the Laws of the State of New York by special act of the New 
York State Legislature, Chapter 616 of the Laws of 1871, with its Head Office situate at 240 Greenwich Street, New 
York, NY 10286, USA and having a branch registered in England & Wales with FC No 005522 and BR No 000818 
with its principal office in the United Kingdom situated at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL. 
Nature of business 
The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust business services $12 trillion in outstanding debt from 55 locations 
around the world. It services all major debt categories, including corporate and municipal debt, mortgage-backed 
and asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, derivative securities and international debt offerings. 
The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust and agency services are delivered through The Bank of New York 
Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial services company focused on helping clients manage 
and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 100 markets. The company is a 
leading provider of financial services for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth individuals, providing superior 
asset management and wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, clearing services and treasury 
services through a worldwide client-focused team. It has more than $26 trillion in assets under custody and 
administration and more than $1.4 trillion in assets under management. Additional information is available at 
bnymellon.com.

--- Page 251 ---
Description of the Trustee 
 
 
239 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The information set out below has been obtained from BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information 
published by BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Incorporation, Registered Office 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”) will be appointed pursuant to the Trust Deed as 
Trustee for the Instrumentholders. The Trustee's registered office and principal place of business is at One Canada 
Square, London E14 5AL. 
The Trustee was formerly known as J.P. Morgan Corporate Trustee Services Limited. On 2nd October, 2006 the 
Trustee changed its name to BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and, subsequently, on the 1st March, 2011 
the Trustee changed its name to BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
Nature of business 
The Trustee is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNY International Financing Corporation and administers a substantial 
and diverse portfolio of corporate trusteeships for both domestic and foreign companies and institutions.

--- Page 252 ---
Taxation 
 
 
240 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general overview of the Issuer’s understanding of certain aspects of current Luxembourg 
and United Kingdom law and the published practice of the relevant tax authorities in those jurisdictions, 
relating to certain aspects of Luxembourg and United Kingdom taxation. It applies only to persons who are 
the absolute beneficial owners of Instruments and related Coupons and may not apply to certain classes 
of persons, such as dealers and persons connected with the Issuer, to whom special rules may apply. It is 
not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. In particular, the following section 
does not analyse any tax consequence under ATAD. Prospective Instrumentholders who are in any doubt 
as to their tax position, or who may be subject to tax in any jurisdiction other than Luxembourg or the 
United Kingdom (as applicable) should seek independent professional advice without delay as to the 
effects of any state, local or foreign laws, including tax law, to which they may be subject. 
1 
Luxembourg tax considerations 
1.1 
Taxation of the Issuer 
The Company will be considered a tax resident of Luxembourg both for purposes of Luxembourg domestic 
tax law and for purposes of the double tax treaties entered into by Luxembourg and should therefore in 
principle be able to obtain a tax residence certificate from the Luxembourg tax authorities. 
The Company will be liable for Luxembourg corporation taxes. The current standard applicable rate 
including corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt 
commercial communal) and an employment fund’s contribution (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi), is 
24.94% in Luxembourg City. Liability for such corporation taxes extends to the Company’s worldwide 
profits including capital gains, subject to the provisions of any relevant double tax treaty. The taxable 
income of the Company is computed by application of all rules of the Luxembourg income tax law of 04 
December 1967, as amended (loi concernant l’impôt sur le revenu), as commented and currently applied 
by the Luxembourg tax authorities. Under the above Luxembourg income tax law, all income of the 
Company will be taxable in the fiscal period to which it economically relates and all deductible expenses 
of the Company will be deductible in the fiscal period to which they economically relate. The Company 
may deduct payments made or accrued under the Instruments to the Instrumentholders, as well as 
commitments to its other creditors and investors, from its taxable profits, subject to the application of any 
deduction limitation rules provided for under ATAD. Indeed, in accordance with the Securitisation Law and 
subject to ATAD, payments made or accrued by the Company to investors and firm commitments by the 
Company to distribute its net profits to its investors are deemed tax deductible expenses in relation to the 
year in which they are incurred, regardless whether the investors hold equity or debt securities of the 
Company. 
Under certain conditions, dividends received by the Company from qualifying participations and capital 
gains realised by the Company on the sale of qualifying participations may be exempt from Luxembourg 
corporation taxes under the Luxembourg participation exemption regime. 
A fixed registration duty (droit fixe spécifique d’enregistrement) of EUR 75 is payable at the moment of 
incorporation and further to the amendment of the articles of incorporation of the Company. The transfer 
or sale of securities of the Issuer or the Company (as appropriate) should not be subject to Luxembourg 
registration duties. 
Luxembourg courts or an official Luxembourg authority may not require the prior registration of the 
documents relating to the Instruments and/or the Instruments (and/or any document in connection 
therewith) with the Administration de l’Enregistrement, des Domaines et de la TVA in Luxembourg, even 
if they were to be produced in a Luxembourg court action or exhibited before an official Luxembourg 
authority, except if they operate as a transfer of rights over real estate, aeroplanes or ships registered in 
Luxembourg. The documents relating to the Instruments and/or the Instruments may however be 
voluntarily registered with the competent authority (Administration de l’Enregistrement, des Domaines et 
de la TVA), in which case they are submitted to a fixed or ad valorem registration duty.

--- Page 253 ---
Taxation 
 
 
241 
 
 
In principle, the Company will be exempt from net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune). However, the Company 
will be within the scope of the Luxembourg minimum net wealth tax, which may, depending on the total 
amount of its balance sheet and type of assets held, either be EUR 4,815 or range from EUR 535 to EUR 
32,100. 
1.2 
Withholding tax 
1.2.1 
Instrumentholders not resident in Luxembourg 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Instrumentholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of the Instrument, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Instruments held by non-resident Instrumentholders. 
1.2.2 
Instrumentholders resident in Luxembourg 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
introducing final withholding tax on certain interest deriving from savings income, as amended (the 
"RELIBI"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg 
resident Instrumentholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Instrument, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Instruments held by 
Luxembourg resident Instrumentholders. 
Under the RELIBI, payments of interest or similar income under the Instruments by a Paying Agent (as 
defined below) established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 20%, which is the responsibility of the 
Luxembourg Paying Agent to apply. Luxembourg resident individual holders of Instruments acting in the 
course of their private wealth can opt to self-declare and pay a self-assessed 20% tax levy on receipt of 
interest payments made by non-Luxembourg Paying Agents located in an EU Member State other than 
Luxembourg, or a State of the European Economic Area (other than an EU Member State). If such an 
option is exercised by an individual holder for a fiscal year, that option is irrevocable for that individual 
holder for that fiscal year, and makes that individual responsible for applying and paying the 20% tax levy 
in respect of interest they receive on Instruments. For these purposes, the “paying agent” under the RELIBI 
is the economic operator which pays interest or allocates the payment of the interest to the immediate 
benefit of the beneficial owner – i.e. the last person in the payment chain before the Luxembourg resident 
individual (the “Paying Agent”). 
1.3 
Income Taxation of Instrumentholders 
1.3.1 
Instrumentholders not resident in Luxembourg 
A non-resident Instrumentholder, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which such Instruments are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Instruments. A gain 
realised by such non-resident Instrumentholder on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Instruments is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate Instrumentholder or an individual Instrumentholder acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom such Instruments are attributable, is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under 
the Instruments and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Instruments.

--- Page 254 ---
Taxation 
 
 
242 
 
 
1.3.2 
Instrumentholders resident in Luxembourg 
(A) 
Individual Instrumentholders 
An individual Instrumentholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Instrument, except if (i) withholding tax has 
been levied on such payments in accordance with the RELIBI, or (ii) the individual 
Instrumentholder has opted for the application of a 20% tax levy in full discharge of income tax in 
accordance with the RELIBI, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed 
by a Paying Agent established in a EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a State of 
the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State). 
A gain realised by an individual Instrumentholder, acting in the course of the management of 
his/her private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Instruments is not 
subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months 
after the Instruments were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued 
but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on 
such interest in accordance with the RELIBI. 
(B) 
Corporate / professional Instrumentholders 
A corporate Instrumentholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Instruments, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes. 
The same inclusion applies to an individual Instrumentholder, acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance 
with the RELIBI will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
An Instrumentholder that is governed by the (i) Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended; or by the (ii) Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on 
undertakings for collective investment, as amended; or by the (iii) Luxembourg law of 13 February 
2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or (iv) is an Instrumentholder that is subject 
to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds not investing in risk capital, 
is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Instruments. 
1.4 
Net wealth tax 
A corporate Instrumentholder, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, which 
maintains a permanent establishment in Luxembourg to which such Instruments are attributable, is subject 
to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Instruments, except if the Instrumentholder is governed by the (i) 
Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended; by the (ii) 
Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended; by the (iii) 
Luxembourg the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended; or (iv) is a 
securitisation company governed by the Securitisation Law as amended; or (v) a capital company 
governed by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended; or (vi) it is a 
professional pension institution in the form of variable capital companies (société d'épargne-pension à 
capital variable - SEPCAV) or an association (association d'épargne-pension - ASSEP) governed by 
Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of 
pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; or is (vii) 
a reserved alternative investment fund, subject to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds.

--- Page 255 ---
Taxation 
 
 
243 
 
 
Nevertheless, (i) securitisation companies governed by the Securitisation Law, (ii) venture capital 
companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, 
and (iii) professional pension institution in the form of variable capital companies (société d'épargne-
pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) or an association (association d'épargne-pension - ASSEP) 
governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in 
the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as 
amended;  and (iv) reserved alternative investment funds subject to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds which invest in risk capital are in the scope of the Luxembourg minimum net 
wealth tax, which may, depending on the total amount of its balance sheet and type of assets held, either 
be EUR 4,815 or range from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100. 
An individual Instrumentholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on Instruments. 
1.5 
Other taxes 
Where an Instrumentholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his death, the 
Instruments are included in his taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Instruments if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front 
of a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
2 
United Kingdom tax considerations 
2.1 
Withholding tax 
The Issuer may make payments in respect of the Instruments without deduction or withholding for or on 
account of United Kingdom tax where such payments do not have a "United Kingdom source". Interest on 
Instruments may have a United Kingdom source ("UK Interest"); for example interest on Instruments 
secured on assets situated in the United Kingdom may have a United Kingdom source. 
Payments of UK Interest made in respect of Instruments which carry a right to interest and are listed on a 
"recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 ("ITA 2007"), or 
are admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by an EEA-regulated recognised stock 
exchange within the meaning of section 987 ITA 2007, may be made without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of United Kingdom income tax. Section 1005(3) ITA 2007 provides that securities will be 
listed on a recognised stock exchange if (and only if) they are admitted to trading on that exchange, and 
either they are included in the United Kingdom official list (within the meaning of Part 6 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000) or they are officially listed, in accordance with provisions corresponding 
to those generally applicable in European Economic Area states, in a country outside the United Kingdom 
in which there is a recognised stock exchange. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a recognised 
stock exchange. Accordingly, provided Instruments are and remain admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin, and are and remain officially listed as described above, the Issuer is entitled to 
make payments of interest on such Instruments without deduction for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax.  
In cases falling outside the exemptions described above, UK Interest on the Instruments may fall to be 
paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%) subject to such relief 
as may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double 
taxation treaty, or to any other exemption which may apply. 
If Instruments are issued at a discount to their principal amount, any such discount element is not subject 
to any United Kingdom withholding tax. If Instruments are redeemed at a premium to principal amount (as 
opposed to being issued at a discount) then, depending on the circumstances, such premium may 
constitute a payment of interest for United Kingdom tax purposes and hence be subject to the United 
Kingdom withholding tax rules outlined above.

--- Page 256 ---
Taxation 
 
 
244 
 
 
3 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA (“FATCA”), a “foreign financial 
institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Company may be a 
foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA 
or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to securities such as the Instruments, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on securities such as the Instruments, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change.   
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on securities 
such as the Instruments, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register 
and Instruments characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Instruments (as 
described under Master Condition 20 (Further Issues) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Instruments are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Instruments, including the Instruments offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Instruments. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on the Instruments, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
4 
The proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Instruments should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Instruments 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional Member 
States may decide to participate.

--- Page 257 ---
Taxation 
 
 
245 
 
 
Prospective holders of Instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
5 
U.S. section 871(m) withholding 
Section 871(m) of the Code treats U.S. "dividend equivalent" payments as dividends from sources within 
the United States for United States tax purposes. Under Section 871(m), such payments generally would 
be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax that may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit 
against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or 
refund from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a 
substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that 
(directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from 
sources within the United States; (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" 
that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend 
from sources within the United States; or (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially 
similar to a payment described in (i) and (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) (the 
“Section 871(m) Regulations”) require withholding on payments to certain non-U.S. holders of 
Instruments with respect to amounts treated as attributable to dividends from certain U.S. securities. Under 
the Section 871(m) Regulations, only Instruments that have an expected economic return sufficiently 
similar to that of the underlying U.S. securities as determined on the Instruments’ issue date based on 
tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations (“871(m) Instruments”) will be subject to the Section 
871(m) withholding regime. The Section 871(m) Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding 
requirement, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made 
on an 871(m) Instrument or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a non-U.S. holder of 
an 871(m) Instrument. If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during 
the term of the 871(m) Instrument, withholding will generally still be required even if the 871(m) Instrument 
does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. If the Issuer or any withholding agent 
determines that 871(m) withholding is required in respect of any payment on any Instrument, neither the 
Issuer nor any of its agents will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld. 
If the Issuer states in the Series Memorandum of any Series of Instruments, that such Series are 871(m) 
Instruments, then any non-U.S. holder of the Securities should expect payments under such Instruments 
to be subject to 871(m) withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those 
Instruments. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to 
Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific Series of Instruments may be 
uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Instruments.

--- Page 258 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the dealer agreement (constituted by the execution of the 
Constituting Document in respect of each Series of Instruments) (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Instruments may 
be sold to Mediobanca or any further financial institution appointed as dealer under the Dealer Agreement (together, 
the "Dealers"), who shall act as principals in relation to such sales. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Instruments to be issued in Series or Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer may pay a Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and a Dealer in respect of the Instruments 
subscribed by it.  
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Instruments. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in 
relation to all the Dealers or any of them by the Issuer or, in relation to itself and itself only, by any Dealer, at any 
time on giving not less than ten days’ notice. 
The Dealers may sell Instruments to subsequent purchasers in individually negotiated transactions at negotiated 
prices, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be greater or less than the issue price of the 
Instruments. 
United States of America 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or under the Securities Act or under the securities law of any state or other jurisdiction United 
States. No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under CEA and the 
rules thereunder (the "CFTC Rules") of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under any other United States federal laws. The 
Instruments are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
The Instruments may not at any time be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "Offshore 
Transaction" (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) to or for the account or benefit of a 
Permitted Transferee. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this United States selling and transfer restriction: 
"Permitted Transferee" means any person who is not: 
(i) 
a U.S. person (as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S under the Securities Act); 
(ii) 
a U.S. person (as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"); or 
(iii) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (including but not limited to any person who is not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) and also including but 
not limited to a “U.S. Person” as described in and for the purposes of the CFTC’s Interpretive Guidance 
and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations, 78 Fed Reg. 45292 (July 26, 
2013) as amended from time to time). 
Transfers of Instruments within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee are prohibited. 
Any transfer of Instruments to a person other than a Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal effect 
whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in an Instrument in 
such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Instrument. 
The Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in 
an Instrument is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to require such Non-Permitted

--- Page 259 ---
Subscription and Sale  
 
 
 
247 
 
 
Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to sell such interest to (a) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Law); or (b) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor, in each case in 
accordance with Condition 3(h). 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S under the Securities Act, "U.S. person" means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered under 
the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited investors (as 
defined in §230.501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined Section 15G of the Exchange Act, "U.S. person" means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organization or entity organized or 
incorporated under the laws of any U.S. state or under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of 
this definition); 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition); 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition); 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
Organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition) principally for the 
purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, modified as indicated above, "Non-United States person" means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States;

--- Page 260 ---
Subscription and Sale  
 
 
 
248 
 
 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive investment, 
organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of business in a foreign 
jurisdiction; 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of source; 
(d) 
An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other similar 
entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify as Non-United 
States persons represent in the aggregate less than 10 per cent. of the beneficial interest in the entity, and 
that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not 
qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain 
requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s regulations by virtue of its 
participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its principal place 
of business outside the United States. 
As defined in the CFTC’s interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding compliance with certain swap 
regulations, 78 Fed. Reg. 45292 (July 26, 2013), "U.S. person" includes, but is not limited to:  
(a) 
Any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
Any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death;  
(c) 
Any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, joint-stock 
company, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other than an entity described in 
clauses (d) or (e), below) (a "legal entity"), in each case that is organized or incorporated under the laws 
of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States or having its principal place of business in the United 
States; 
(d) 
Any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in clause (c), unless 
the pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity; 
(e) 
Any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court within the 
United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust; 
(f) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is not 
described in clause (c) and that is majority-owned by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), 
(d), or (e), except any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment 
vehicle that is publicly offered only to non-U.S. persons and not offered to U.S. persons; 
(g) 
Any legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar entity where all 
of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or indirectly majority-owned by one or more 
persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) and in which such person(s) bears unlimited 
responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of the legal entity; and 
(h) 
Any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or one of the 
beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), or 
(g).  
"Benefit Plan Investor" means: 
(a)  
an employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, as amended, ("ERISA")), whether or not subject to ERISA;  
(b)  
a plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the Code; or  
(c)  
an entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's investment in the entity under 
U.S. Department of Labor Regulations § 2510.3-101 (29 c.f.r. § 2510.3-101).

--- Page 261 ---
Subscription and Sale  
 
 
 
249 
 
 
Each prospective purchaser of the Instruments, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Instruments, 
and each transferee of the Instruments by accepting the transfer of the Instruments, will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
it understands that the Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
agrees that it will not, at any time during the term of the Instruments, offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Instruments, in an "Offshore Transaction" (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) to or for the account of a Permitted Transferee, or;  
(b) 
it understands and acknowledges that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of the Issuer under the CEA and the CEA Rules; 
(c) 
(i) it is a Permitted Transferee and (ii) if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such other 
person is also a Permitted Transferee; 
(d) 
it understands and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of an interest 
in the Instruments to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial owner is a Permitted Transferee; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest 
in the Instruments in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Instruments; 
(f) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware that any 
legal or beneficial ownership interest in an Instrument is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit 
Plan Investor to require such Non-Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor to sell such interest to (i) 
an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) or (ii) a person who is not a Non-
Permitted Transferee or Benefit Plan Investor, in each case in accordance with Condition 3(h);  
(g) 
it agrees to provide notice of the restrictions set forth herein to any transferee of its interest in the 
Instruments;  
(h)  
it understands that Instruments will bear a legend regarding the restrictions set forth herein; and 
(i) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the 
Instruments will be void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the Non-Permitted Transferee.  
Public offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation (EEA) 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Series Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the relevant Series Terms in relation to the Instruments specify that an offer of those Instruments may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-
exempt Offer") following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Instruments which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Series Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Series Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 262 ---
Subscription and Sale  
 
 
 
250 
 
 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Instruments to the public" in relation to any Instruments 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Instruments, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Instruments which are the subject of any offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by any Series Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression “an offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Instruments.”. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Instruments which are the subject of any offering by this Base Prospectus as completed by any 
Series Terms in relation to any retail investor in the EEA. For purposes of this provision: 
the expression a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Instruments has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial 
Regulator (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under

--- Page 263 ---
Subscription and Sale  
 
 
 
251 
 
 
the Programme and each other Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that no Instruments may be offered, 
sold, promoted, advertised or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Italy, nor may copies 
of this Base Prospectus, any Series Terms or any other document relating to the Instruments be distributed, made 
available or advertised in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Instruments or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Series Terms 
or any other document relating to the Instruments in the Republic of Italy under the paragraph above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, and CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (each as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act") and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy which came into force on 1 October 2016, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank 
of Italy requests periodic information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy to be 
provided by uploading such information on the Infostat platform of the Bank of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian competent authority. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Instruments which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Instruments other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Instruments would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in 
which Section 21(1) of FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite 
the issue of any Instruments in Ireland otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a)  
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended);  
(b)  
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) (the "Companies Act"); 
(c) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will conduct 
itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, or any other 
enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland ("Central Bank");

--- Page 264 ---
Subscription and Sale  
 
 
 
252 
 
 
(d)  
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market 
abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules issued and / or 
in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act;  
(e)  
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on 
key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs); and 
(f)  
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the applicable Series Issuance 
Document issued in respect of the issue of Instruments to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Instruments, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
applicable Series Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Instruments or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any applicable Series Terms and neither the Issuer 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 265 ---
Information Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents, which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Such documents are available as specified in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “General Information”. 
No financial statements have been prepared as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 266 ---
General Information 
 
 
254 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
This Base Prospectus was approved by a resolution of the Board of the 
Company passed on 23 March 2021. The issue of each Series of Instruments 
issued by the Company and each creation of a Compartment will be 
authorised by a separate resolution of the Board of the Company. 
No significant change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the 
Company, and no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Company in each case, since the date of its incorporation. 
No legal proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Company is 
aware) which may have, or have had since the date of its incorporation, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Company. 
Securities 
Identification 
Number 
Instruments have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The Common Code, the International 
Instruments Identification Number (ISIN)and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series 
of Instruments will be set out in the Series Terms. 
Euroclear/Clearstream 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any Alternative Clearing 
System will be specified in the Series Terms. 
Listing 
This Base Prospectus and each applicable Final Terms or Series Issuance 
Document for Instruments that are admitted to the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and will be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com). 
The Base Listing Particulars and each applicable Pricing Supplement or 
Series Listing Particulars for Instruments that are admitted to the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the GEM of Euronext Dublin will be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (live.euronext.com) for a period of 12 months 
from the date of publication. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third 
parties this information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by 
such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party 
information is identified where used. 
Post issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to any issues of Instruments or in relation to the Collateral, except as 
required by any Applicable Law or as specified in the relevant Series Terms. 
Websites 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
by reference (see section “Information Incorporated by Reference”), the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers herein do 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this 
document has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland. 
Available documents 
For so long as Instruments may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
copies of the following documents will when published (to the extent

--- Page 267 ---
General Information  
 
 
255 
 
 
applicable), be available for inspection on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24213/documents:  
(i) 
the Master Trust Terms (which includes the form of the Global Bearer 
Instruments, the definitive Bearer Instruments, the Global Registered 
Certificate, the Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons) -  
(ii) the Articles of the Company; 
(iii) a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or further prospectus; 
(iv) each relevant Final Terms or Series Issuance Document and each 
subscription agreement (if any) and the related Constituting Document; 
(v) such other documents as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which any Instrument is at the relevant time listed. 
The Issuer does not publish interim financial statements. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of each issue of a Series of Instruments will be used to 
purchase the Underlying Collateral in respect of such Series and/or enter into 
the Transaction Documents and/or to fund any initial payment obligations 
under any related Counterparty Agreement and/or in meeting certain 
expenses and fees payable in connection with the operations of the Issuer 
and the issue of any Instruments. 
Underlying Collateral 
Securities to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin may only be issued under this Base Prospectus by 
way of Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
where the Underlying Collateral is collateral having the following 
characteristics (the "Specified Underlying Collateral"): 
 
Issuer of Specified 
Underlying Collateral: 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
 
Legal nature: 
Bonds 
 
In all other cases, the Underlying Collateral in respect of a Series of Securities 
will be as specified in the applicable Series Issuance Document. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing 
agent for the Issuer in relation to the Instruments and is not itself seeking 
admission of the Instruments to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin.

--- Page 268 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
256 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Buckingham Gate S.A. 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with its registered office at Airport Center 
Luxembourg, 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce 
and Companies (Registre de commerce et des sociétés) under number B241693) 
(acting in respect of its Compartment [•]) 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF INSTRUMENTS] 
under its 
Repackaging Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EEA MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation

--- Page 269 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
257 
 
 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]” 
[EU Benchmark Regulation - Amounts payable under the Instruments are calculated by reference to 
[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR], which is provided by [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited]/[the European Money Markets 
Institute]. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, [ICE Benchmark Administration Limited]/[the European Money 
Markets Institute] [does not]/appear[s] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] [does]/[do] not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply], such that [ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited]/[the European Money Markets Institute] [is]/[are] not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
The Instruments issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Terms and Conditions and also to the following 
terms (the "Final Terms") in relation to the Instruments. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Master Terms and Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2021 [and the supplement(s) dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of 
these Final Terms, references to Series Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be read and construed as references 
to Final Terms in respect of the Instruments. This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the 
Instruments described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Instruments is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these applicable Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus is available for viewing at live.euronext.com. 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Instruments may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer. 
(Final Terms shall only be used for Instruments where (i) a public offering of the Instruments is not intended, 
(ii) the minimum specified denomination shall be €125,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Instruments), and (iii) the Underlying Collateral is the Specified Underlying Collateral 
(as defined in the Base Prospectus)). 
(Consideration should be given as to a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
might be required.) 
SERIES DETAILS 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Buckingham Gate S.A. (LEI: 635400OEUHDOWOHPOK63), 
acting in respect of its Compartment [•] 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
A separate Compartment has been created by the Board in 
respect of the Instruments ("Compartment [•]"). Compartment [•]

--- Page 270 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
258 
 
 
is a separate part of the Company’s assets and liabilities. The 
Collateral (relating to the Instruments) is exclusively available to 
satisfy the rights of the Instrumentholders (in accordance with the 
terms and conditions set out in these Final Terms) and the rights 
of the other Secured Creditors whose claims have arisen at the 
occasion of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of 
Compartment [•], as contemplated by the Articles. 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[•] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Instruments become 
fungible]. 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Specified Currency in the Master 
Terms and Conditions] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Instruments: 
[•] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] (Minimum of €125,000 or equivalent on the Issue Date) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] subject to the [Business Day 
Convention]/[Payment Business Day Convention] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Variable Rate] 
[Pass-Through Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non Interest Bearing] 
(Further particulars specified in the "Provisions Relating to 
Interest" section below) 
11. 
Status: 
The Instruments are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed. 
The Instruments (which are subject to the provisions of the 
Securitisation Law) are secured, limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer at all times ranking pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and secured in the manner 
described in Master Condition 5(a) (Transaction Security) and

--- Page 271 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
259 
 
 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
the Master Terms and Conditions. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST  
12. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[weekly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year ([adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]]/[not adjusted]) 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Period Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]. Each Interest Period Date shall [be 
adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/[not be adjusted] for the purposes of determining 
the Interest Accrual Period. 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in]/[on] [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Interest Amount: 
[[•]]/[As per definition of Interest Amount in the Master Terms and 
Conditions] 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual–ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual–ICMA] 
(viii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[As per the definition of Determination Date in 
the Master Terms and Conditions] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA. 
Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 272 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
260 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year ([adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]]/[not adjusted]) 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Period Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]. Each Interest Period Date shall [be 
adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]]/[not be adjusted] for the purposes of 
determining the Interest Accrual Period. 
(iii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate Determination] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
– 
Page: 
[•] 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Reference Banks in the Master Terms 
and Conditions] 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[+]/[-]/[•] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual–ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual–ICMA] 
(viii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[As per the definition of Determination Date in 
the Master Terms and Conditions]] (Only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA. Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon.) 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 273 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
261 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Specified Interest 
Accrual Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
- 
Specified Duration: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
               (x) 
Specified Alternative Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Variable Rate Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year ([adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]]/[not adjusted]) 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Period Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]. Each Interest Period Date shall [be 
adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]]/[not be adjusted] for the purposes of 
determining the Interest Accrual Period. 
(iii) 
Interest Amount: 
[•] 
15. 
Pass-Through Interest Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Payment Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Rate of Interest for overdue 
principal: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
17. 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Interest 
Determination Date in the Master Terms and Conditions] 
18. 
Default Interest: 
[As per Master Condition 7(f) (Accrual of interest)]/[insert 
rate]]/[Not Applicable] 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
 
19. 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
(i) 
Underlying Collateral: 
The Underlying Collateral shall initially comprise [•] in principal 
amount of [insert description of the underlying assets] identified 
below: 
Underlying Collateral Obligor: 
Mediobanca 
– 
Banca 
di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A

--- Page 274 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
262 
 
 
Address: 
 Piazetta Cuccia Enrico, 1, 
20121  Milan, Italy 
Country of incorporation: Italy 
Nature of business: 
[•] 
Regulated market on 
[•] 
which admitted to trading: 
Asset: 
ISIN: 
 
 
[•] 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[•] 
Coupon:  
 
[•] 
Maturity: 
 
[•] 
Currency: 
 
[•] 
Status:  
 
[•] 
Legal nature: 
 
Bonds 
Governing law: 
 
[•] 
Clearing:                            [•] 
Market on which 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
Hyperlink to 
documentation relating to 
Underlying Collateral: 
[•] 
(ii)       
Counterparty 
Agreement(s): 
 
(A) 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Master Agreement: [•] [insert description of the ISDA Master 
Agreement in respect of the Swap Agreement if this is not the 
Master Agreement specified in the Master Terms and Conditions]] 
(B) 
Swap 
Counterparty: 
[Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(C) 
Credit Support 
Annex: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Counterparty Reserved 
Matter: 
[As per the definition of Counterparty Reserved Matter in the 
Master Terms and Conditions]/[Additional event[s]:[specify any 
additional events]] 
(iv) 
Additional Security 
Document: 
[Not Applicable]/[specify] 
(v)      
Designated Counterparty: 
[If applicable insert name (NB: must be a listed entity on a 
regulated market)]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 275 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
263 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[As per the definition of Final Redemption Amount in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]/[insert amount] 
21. 
Instalment Instruments: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(If no, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
22. 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation 
redemption (Master Condition 
8(c)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Early Redemption Events (Master 
Condition 9 (Early Redemption): 
 
Collateral-related Early Redemption Events 
Early Redemption Event 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
Determining 
Party 
Determining 
Party Option 
(i) 
Settlement Failure Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Collateral Event: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(1) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Repayment: 
[Applicable]/ 
/[from the Issue 
Date/ Trade 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(2) 
Underlying 
Collateral Default 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(3) 
Underlying 
Collateral Payment 
Failure: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 276 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
264 
 
 
(4) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(5) 
Underlying 
Collateral Currency 
Redenomination 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(6) 
Underlying 
Collateral Obligor 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(a) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor Failure 
to Pay: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Obligation 
Acceleration: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(c) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Restructuring: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Bankruptcy: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Governmental 
Intervention: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issue Date/ 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 277 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
265 
 
 
(iii) 
Value Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Tax-related Early Redemption Events 
 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Collateral Tax 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Instrument Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Issuer Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Counterparty, Arranger and Agent-related Early Redemption Events 
 
(vii) 
Swap Termination Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ix) 
Agent Replacement Failure 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(x) 
Arranger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 278 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
266 
 
 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Series Reserve Account 
Balance Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Other Early Redemption Events 
 
(xii) 
Illegality Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Regulatory Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xv) 
Reference Rate Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Product Supplement 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Additional Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
24.     
Benchmark Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from the [Trade Date]/[Issue Date]]  
(Note: applicable only if Benchmark Redemption Event is 
specified as an Early Redemption Event)

--- Page 279 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
267 
 
 
25. 
Regulatory Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from the [Trade Date]/[Issue Date]] 
(Note: applicable only if Regulatory Redemption Event is specified 
as an Early Redemption Event) 
26. 
Specified Regulatory Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: [insert description]] 
(Note: applicable only if Regulatory Redemption Event is specified 
as an Early Redemption Event) 
27. 
Additional Redemption Event: 
Not Applicable 
28. 
Value Trigger Level: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(Note: applicable only if Value Trigger Event is specified as an 
Early Redemption Event) 
29. 
Early Redemption Notification 
Period: 
[As per the definition of Early Redemption Notification Period in 
the Master Terms and Conditions]/[•] 
30. 
Early Redemption Settlement 
Method (Master Condition 9(e) 
(Early Redemption Amount)): 
[Instrumentholder Settlement Option]/[The Early Redemption 
Amount will be the Early Cash Redemption Amount as per Master 
Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption Amount)] 
(Note: select Instrumentholder Settlement Option if the intention 
is for the Sole Instrumentholder to be able to elect for physical 
settlement upon early redemption of the Instruments) 
31. 
Early Cash Redemption Amount: 
[As per the definition of Early Cash Redemption Amount in the 
Master Terms and Conditions]/[•] 
(Note: to be completed even if physical settlement is intended to 
apply) 
32. 
Liquidation: 
As per the definition of Liquidation in the Master Terms and 
Conditions 
33. 
Application of Liquidation 
Proceeds (Master Condition 13(a)): 
[Counterparty Priority]/[Instrumentholder Priority]/[Other Priority 
as specified below)]1 
 
ISSUER CALL OPTION  
34. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Optional Redemption 
Amount  in the Master Terms and Conditions]. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Optional Redemption 
Date in the Master Terms and Conditions]. 
(Note: this date should be no earlier than 5 Business Days 
following notice of exercise of the call option being given) 
 
1 Any changes to Counterparty Priority or Instrumentholder Priority may involve further changes to Transaction Documents.

--- Page 280 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
268 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Exercise Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Optional Redemption 
Exercise Date in the Master Terms and Conditions]. 
(Note: this date should be no earlier than 5 Business Days 
following notice of exercise of the call option being given) 
(iv) 
Additional Terms of Issuer 
Call Option: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
35. 
Void Transfer/Forced Transfer: 
Void Transfer: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Forced Transfer: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
36. 
Form of Instruments: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer: 
[Definitive form] 
[Temporary Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Bearer Instrument which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Instruments in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Bearer Instrument] 
 
[Temporary Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Instruments on [•] days’ notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Instruments in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Bearer Instrument]] 
 
[Registered: 
 
[Registered certificate other than Global Registered Certificates] 
 
[Global Registered Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global Registered 
Certificate]] 
(ii) 
Classic Global Note/New 
Global Note: 
[CGN form]/[NGN form]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[No]/[Yes]/[Not Applicable] 
37. 
Business Day: 
[As per the definition of Business Day in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[other business day] 
38. 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(Note: this definition feeds into the definition of Business Day) 
39. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
40. 
Payment Business Day: 
[As per the definition of Payment Business Day in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]/[other payment business day]

--- Page 281 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
269 
 
 
(Note: the concept of Payment Business Day is used only in 
Master Condition 16(h) (Non-Business Days)) 
41. 
Payment Business Centre: 
[•] 
(Note: this definition feeds into the definition of Payment Business 
Day) 
42. 
Payment Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Note: the concept of Payment Business Day Convention is used 
only in Master Condition 16(h) (Non-Business Days)) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REPLACEMENT OF AGENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTY AND ARRANGER 
EVENTS 
43. 
Agent Replacement Event: 
 
(i) 
Agent Bankruptcy Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Agent Downgrade Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[“Agent Downgrade Event” means [•].] 
44. 
Replacement Agents: 
 
(i) 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(ii) 
Custodian: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(iii) 
Registrar: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(iv) 
Paying Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(vi) 
Disposal Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
45. 
Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Event: 
 
(i) 
Swap Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Downgrade Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[“Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event” means [•].] 
46. 
Replacement Swap Agreement: 
[permitted differences to be set out]/[No permitted differences 
specified] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
47. 
Transaction Parties: 
[As per the definition of Transaction Party in the Master Terms 
and Conditions]/[Additional Transaction Part[y][ies]: [specify any 
additional Transaction Parties]]

--- Page 282 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
270 
 
 
48. 
Arranger: 
[•] 
49. 
Trustee: 
[As per the definition of Trustee in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[specify other] 
50. 
Agents: 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(ii) 
Custodian: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(iii) 
Disposal Agent: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(iv) 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(v) 
Paying Agent(s): 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(vi) 
Registrar: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(vii) 
[Transfer Agent(s): 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•]] 
51.      
Seller of the initial Underlying 
Collateral  
[As per the definition of Seller in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[specify other] 
CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX 
52. 
One way or two way CSA 
[One way-Amounts due from the Issuer only] 
 
[One way- Amounts due from the Swap Counterparty only] 
 
[Two Way – Amounts due from both the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty] 
53.      
[Base Currency: 
[•]] 
54. 
[Eligible Currency: 
[•]] 
55. 
Eligible Credit Support: 
The following items will qualify as Eligible Credit Support for the party 
specified: 
 
Party A 
Party B 
Valuation 
Percentage 
(A) cash in an Eligible Currency 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
(B) negotiable debt obligations issued by 
the Government of [ ] having an original 
maturity at issuance of not more than one 
year. 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]%

--- Page 283 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
271 
 
 
(C) negotiable debt obligations issued by 
the government of [ ] having an original 
maturity at issuance of more than one 
year but no more than 10 years. 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
(D) negotiable debt obligations issued by 
the government of [ ] having an original 
maturity at issuance of more than one 
year but no more than 10 years. 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
(E) other: 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
 
 
 
 
56. 
Independent Amount: 
Means with respect to Party A: [ ] 
57. 
Interest Rate: 
Means with respect to Party B: [ ] 
 
The “Interest Rate” in relation to each Eligible Currency specified 
below will be: 
 
Eligible Currency 
Interest Rate 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
58. 
Dealer: 
[As per the definition of Dealer in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[specify other(s)] 
59. 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
60. 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules]/[D Rules]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph 19 has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on such 
information or made any enquiries as to its own possession of non-publicly available information.]] 
Signed on behalf of BUCKINGHAM GATE S.A: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 284 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
272 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Instruments to 
be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and for the Instruments to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Instruments are already 
admitted to trading.) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
(Only include where the Instruments are being 
listed) 
2. 
RATINGS: 
 
Ratings: 
Not Applicable. 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:] 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Instruments has an interest material to the offer.] 
[The [Dealer] and its Affiliates have engaged and may engage in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform the same for, the Issuer in the ordinary course of business.] 
[insert other] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete entire Section 3. If conflicts have been discussed, reference should 
be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed.) 
4. 
ESTIMATED AMOUNT OF NET PROCEEDS: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Instruments only – YIELD] 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
(Only include this paragraph (5) where the 
Instruments are Fixed Rate Instruments) 
6. 
[Floating Rate Instruments only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES] 
Details of historic [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters [page [•]]]/[other].] 
(Only include this paragraph (6) where the Instruments are Floating Rate Instruments)

--- Page 285 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
273 
 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
[CUSIP 
[•]] 
[CISN 
[•]] 
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.] 
[Specify name(s), number(s) and address(es) of 
any additional clearing systems] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Instruments are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [or registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Instruments 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Instruments are capable of 
meeting them the Instruments may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
Safekeeper]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Instruments will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]] 
Status under Section 871(m) of the Code: 
 
[Not Section 871(m) Instruments] [Section 871(m) 
Instruments]  
8. 
POST ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide any post issuance information in relation to the Instruments or in relation 
to the Collateral, unless required to do so by applicable law.]/[The Issuer intends to provide post issuance 
information [specify what information will be reported and where it can be obtained].]

--- Page 286 ---
Form of Final Terms  
 
 
274 
 
 
9. 
DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR ISSUANCE OF INSTRUMENTS OBTAINED 
The issue of the Instruments has been authorised by the Board on [•].

--- Page 287 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document 
 
 
275 
 
 
FORM OF SERIES TERMS OF A SERIES ISSUANCE DOCUMENT 
 
Series Terms dated [•] 
Buckingham Gate S.A. 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg with its registered 
office at Airport Center Luxembourg, 5, Heienhaff, L-1736 Senningerberg , Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered 
with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de commerce et des sociétés) under number 
B241693) 
(acting in respect of its Compartment [•]) 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF TRANCHE] [TITLE OF INSTRUMENTS] 
under its 
Repackaging Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EEA MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 288 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
276 
 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Instruments 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Instruments is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Instruments to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[EU Benchmark Regulation - Amounts payable under the Instruments are calculated by reference to [specify 
benchmark], which is provided by [specify administrator’s legal name]. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
[specify administrator’s legal name] [does not]/appear[s] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of 
the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[specify benchmark] [does]/[do] not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation,] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply], such that [specify 
administrator’s legal name] [is]/[are] not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
The Instruments issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Master Terms and Conditions and also to the following 
terms in relation to the Instruments. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Master Terms and Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [•] [and the supplement(s) dated [•]] (the "Base Prospectus").  
This document constitutes the Series Terms for the Instruments described herein.  This document must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Instruments is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Series Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus 
is available for viewing at live.euronext.com. 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Instruments may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer. 
SERIES DETAILS 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Buckingham Gate S.A. (LEI: 635400OEUHDOWOHPOK63), 
acting in respect of its Compartment [•] 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
A separate Compartment has been created by the Board in 
respect of the Instruments ("Compartment [•]"). Compartment [•] 
is a separate part of the Company’s assets and liabilities. The 
Collateral (relating to the Instruments) is exclusively available to 
satisfy the rights of the Instrumentholders (in accordance with the 
terms and conditions set out in these Series Terms) and the rights 
of the other Secured Creditors whose claims have arisen at the 
occasion of the creation, the operation or the liquidation of 
Compartment [•], as contemplated by the Articles.

--- Page 289 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
277 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
provide details of that Series, 
including the date on which the 
Instruments become fungible)]. 
 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Specified Currency in the Master Terms 
and Conditions] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Instruments: 
[•] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denomination(s): 
[•] (Minimum of €125,000 or equivalent on the Issue Date) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Issue Date]/[•]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] subject to the [Business Day 
Convention]/[Payment Business Day Convention] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Variable Rate] 
[Pass-Through Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non Interest Bearing] 
(Further particulars specified in the "Provisions Relating to 
Interest" section below) 
11. 
Status: 
The Instruments are constituted and secured by the Trust Deed.  
The Instruments (which are subject to the provisions of the 
Securitisation Law) are secured, limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and secured in the manner 
described in Master Condition 5(a) (Transaction Security) and 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
the Master Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 290 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
278 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
12. 
Fixed Rate Instrument Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually]/[semi-
annually]/[quarterly]/[monthly]/[weekly]/[•] in arrear]]/[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year ([adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]]/[not adjusted]) 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Period Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]. Each Interest Period Date shall [be 
adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]]/[not be adjusted] for the purposes of determining 
the Interest Accrual Period. 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in]/[on] [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Interest Amount: 
[[•]]/[As per definition of Interest Amount in the Master Terms and 
Conditions] 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual–ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual–ICMA] 
(viii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[As per the definition of Determination Date in the 
Master Terms and Conditions] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA. 
Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.)] 
13. 
Floating Rate Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year ([adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]]/[not adjusted])

--- Page 291 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
279 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Period Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]. Each Interest Period Date shall [be 
adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]]/[not be adjusted] for the purposes of determining 
the Interest Accrual Period. 
(iii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination]/[Screen Rate Determination]/[•] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[As per the definition of ISDA Definitions in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[•] 
(v) 
Screen Rate 
Determination 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
– 
Page: 
[•] 
– 
Determination of Rate 
of Interest (unless 
determined in 
accordance with 
Master Condition 
7(b)(iv)): 
[[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[[•]]/[As per the definition of Reference Banks in the Master Terms 
and Conditions] 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[+]/[-]/[•] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual–ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual–ICMA] 
(viii) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[As per the definition of Determination Date in the 
Master Terms and Conditions] (Only relevant where Day Count

--- Page 292 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
280 
 
 
Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA. Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.)] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Specified Interest 
Accrual Period: 
[[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Specified Duration: 
[[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Specified Alternative Rate: 
[[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Variable Rate Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year ([adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]]/[not adjusted]) 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Period Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]. Each Interest Period Date shall [be 
adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]]/[not be adjusted] for the purposes of determining 
the Interest Accrual Period. 
(iii) 
Interest Amount: 
[•]/[in accordance with the Product Supplement specified in 
paragraph 33 below]/[or specify manner in which the Interest 
Amount payable will be determined] 
15. 
Pass-Through Interest Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•]/[As per the definition of Interest Payment Date in the Master 
Terms and Conditions] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Instrument 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
Rate of Interest for 
overdue principal: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
17. 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Interest 
Determination Date in the Master Terms and Conditions] 
18. 
Default Interest: 
[As per Master Condition 7(f) (Accrual of interest)]/[insert rate]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 293 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
281 
 
 
MORTGAGED PROPERTY 
 
19. 
Mortgaged Property: 
 
(i) 
Underlying Collateral: 
[The Underlying Collateral shall initially comprise [•] in principal 
amount of [insert description of the underlying assets] identified 
below: 
Underlying Collateral Obligor: 
[•] 
Address: 
[•] 
Country of incorporation: [•] 
Nature of business: 
[•] 
Regulated market on 
[•] 
which admitted to trading: 
Asset: 
ISIN: 
 
 
[•] 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[•] 
Coupon:  
 
[•] 
Maturity: 
 
[•] 
Currency: 
 
[•] 
Status:  
 
[•] 
Legal nature: 
 
[•] 
Governing law 
 
[•] 
Clearing: 
 
[•] 
Market on which 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
[Other details]:                   [•]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii)       
Counterparty 
Agreement(s): 
 
(A) 
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Master Agreement: [•] [insert description of the ISDA Master 
Agreement in respect of the Swap Agreement if this is not the 
Master Agreement specified in the Master Terms and Conditions]] 
(B) 
Swap 
Counterparty: 
[Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(C) 
Credit Support 
Annex: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Repo Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 294 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
282 
 
 
[If applicable, insert description] 
(E) 
Repo 
Counterparty: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(F) 
Securities 
Lending 
Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert description] 
(G) 
SL Counterparty: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(H) 
Other 
Counterparty 
Agreement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert description] 
(I) 
Other 
Counterparty: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Counterparty Reserved 
Matter: 
[As per the definition of Counterparty Reserved Matter in the 
Master Terms and Conditions]/[Additional event[s]:[specify any 
additional events]] 
(iv) 
Additional Security 
Document: 
[Not Applicable]/[specify] 
(v)     
Designated Counterparty: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[As per the definition of Final Redemption Amount in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]/[As per the Product Supplement specified 
in paragraph 33 below]/[•] 
21. 
Instalment Instruments: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(If no, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
22. 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation 
Redemption (Master Condition 
8(c)): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Early Redemption Events (Master 
Condition 9 (Early Redemption)): 
 
 
Collateral-related Early Redemption Events 
Early Redemption Event 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
Determining 
Party 
Determining 
Party Option 
(i) 
Settlement Failure Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 295 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
283 
 
 
(ii) 
Collateral Event: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(1) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Repayment: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(2) 
Underlying 
Collateral Default 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(3) 
Underlying 
Collateral Payment 
Failure: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(4) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Conversion: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(5) 
Underlying 
Collateral Currency 
Redenomination 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(6) 
Underlying 
Collateral Obligor 
Credit Event: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(a) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor Failure 
to Pay: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Obligation 
Acceleration: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 296 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
284 
 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Repudiation/ 
Moratorium: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Restructuring: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Bankruptcy: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Underlying 
Collateral 
Obligor 
Governmental 
Intervention: 
[Applicable]/[from 
the Issuer Date / 
Trade Date]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Value Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
Tax-related Early Redemption Events 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Collateral Tax 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Instrument Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Issuer Tax Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 297 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
285 
 
 
Counterparty, Arranger and Agent-related Early Redemption Events 
 
(vii) 
Swap Termination Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
Repo Agreement 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(ix) 
Securities Lending 
Agreement Termination 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(x) 
Swap Counterparty 
Replacement Failure Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Agent Replacement Failure 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xii) 
Arranger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Series Reserve Account 
Balance Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Other Early Redemption Events 
(xiv) 
Illegality Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 298 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
286 
 
 
(xv) 
Regulatory Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Benchmark Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Reference Rate Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[•]/[The party 
specified in 
Master Condition 
(9(a)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Product Supplement 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Additional Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[specify]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
24.       [Benchmark Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from the [Trade Date]/[Issue Date]] 
(Note: applicable only if Benchmark Redemption Event is 
specified as an Early Redemption Event) 
25. 
Regulatory Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable from the [Trade Date]/[Issue Date]] 
(Note: applicable only if Regulatory Redemption Event is specified 
as an Early Redemption Event) 
26. 
Specified Regulatory Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: [insert description]] 
(Note: applicable only if Regulatory Redemption Event is specified 
as an Early Redemption Event) 
27. 
Additional Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[specify any Additional Redemption Events] 
(Note: applicable only if Additional Redemption Event is specified 
as an Early Redemption Event) 
28. 
Value Trigger Level: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(Note: applicable only if Value Trigger Event is specified as an 
Early Redemption Event) 
29. 
Early Redemption Notification 
Period: 
[As per the definition of Early Redemption Notification Period in 
the Master Terms and Conditions]/[•]

--- Page 299 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
287 
 
 
30. 
Early Redemption Settlement 
Method (Master Condition 9(e) 
(Early Redemption Amount)): 
[Instrumentholder Settlement Option]/[The Early Redemption 
Amount will be the Early Cash Redemption Amount as per Master 
Condition 9(e) (Early Redemption Amount)] 
(Note: select Instrumentholder Settlement Option if the intention is 
for the Sole Instrumentholder to be able to elect for physical 
settlement upon early redemption of the Instruments) 
31. 
Early Cash Redemption Amount: 
[As per the definition of Early Cash Redemption Amount in the 
Master Terms and Conditions]/[•] 
(Note: to be completed even if physical settlement is intended to 
apply) 
32. 
Liquidation: 
[As per the definition of Liquidation in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[specify other manner of realisation of Collateral] 
33. 
Application of Liquidation 
Proceeds (Master Condition 13(a)): 
[Counterparty Priority]/[Instrumentholder Priority]/[Other Priority 
as specified below)]2 
ISSUER CALL OPTION  
34. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Optional Redemption 
Amount  in the Master Terms and Conditions]. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Optional Redemption 
Date in the Master Terms and Conditions]. 
(Note: this date should be no earlier than 5 Business Days 
following notice of exercise of the call option being given) 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Exercise Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]/[As per the definition of Optional Redemption 
Exercise Date in the Master Terms and Conditions]. 
(Note: this date should be no earlier than 5 Business Days 
following notice of exercise of the call option being given) 
(iv) 
Additional Terms of 
Issuer Call Option: 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
PRODUCT SUPPLEMENT(S) 
35. 
Applicable Product Supplement: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE INSTRUMENTS 
36. 
Void Transfer/Forced Transfer: 
Void Transfer: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Forced Transfer: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
37. 
Form of Instruments: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer: 
[Definitive form] 
 
2 Any changes to Counterparty Priority or Instrumentholder Priority may involve further changes to Transaction Documents.

--- Page 300 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
288 
 
 
[Temporary Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Bearer Instrument which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer Instruments in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Bearer Instrument] 
 
[Temporary Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Instruments on [•] days’ notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Bearer Instrument exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer Instruments in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Bearer Instrument]] 
 
[Registered: 
 
[Registered certificate other than Global Registered Certificates] 
 
[Global Registered Certificate exchangeable for Certificates in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global Registered 
Certificate]] 
(ii) 
Classic Global Note/New 
Global Note: 
[CGN form]/[NGN form]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[No]/[Yes]/[Not Applicable] 
38. 
Business Day: 
[As per the definition of Business Day in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[other] 
39. 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
(Note: this definition feeds into the definition of Business Day) 
40. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
41. 
Payment Business Day: 
[As per the definition of Payment Business Day in the Master 
Terms and Conditions]/[other] 
(Note: the concept of Payment Business Day is used only in 
Master Condition 16(h) (Non-Business Days)) 
42. 
Payment Business Centre: 
[•] 
(Note: this definition feeds into the definition of Payment Business 
Day) 
43. 
Payment Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention]/[Following Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Note: the concept of Payment Business Day Convention is used 
only in Master Condition 16(h) (Non-Business Days)) 
44. 
Transaction Documents: 
[As per the definition of Transaction Document in the Master 
Terms and Conditions] / [[•] (specify any additional Transaction 
Documents)]

--- Page 301 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
289 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REPLACEMENT OF AGENTS AND SWAP COUNTERPARTY AND ARRANGER 
EVENTS 
45. 
Agent Replacement Event: 
 
(i) 
Agent Bankruptcy Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Agent Downgrade Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[“Agent Downgrade Event” means [•].] 
46. 
Replacement Agents: 
 
(i) 
Issuing and Paying 
Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(ii) 
Custodian: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(iii) 
Registrar: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(iv) 
Paying Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
(vi) 
Disposal Agent: 
[•]/[None specified] 
47. 
Additional Replacement Agent 
Eligibility Criteria: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: [•]] 
48. 
Additional Disposal Agent 
Eligibility Criteria: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: [•]] 
49. 
Swap Counterparty Replacement 
Event: 
 
(i) 
Swap Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Downgrade Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[“Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event” means [•].] 
50. 
Additional Replacement Swap 
Counterparty Eligibility Criteria: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: [•]] 
51. 
Replacement Swap Agreement: 
[permitted differences to be set out]/[No permitted differences 
specified] 
52. 
Swap Counterparty Additional 
Auction Requirements: 
[requirements to be specified]/[None specified] 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
53. 
Transaction Parties: 
[As per the definition of Transaction Party in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[Additional Transaction Part[y][ies]: [specify any 
additional Transaction Parties]] 
54. 
Arranger: 
[•]

--- Page 302 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
290 
 
 
55. 
Trustee: 
[As per the definition of Trustee in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[[specify other]] 
56. 
Agents: 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(ii) 
Custodian: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(iii) 
Disposal Agent: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(iv) 
Issuing and Paying 
Agent: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(v) 
Paying Agent(s): 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(vi) 
Registrar: 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•] 
(vii) 
[Transfer Agent(s): 
[•] 
Specified Office: [•]] 
57. 
Seller of the initial Underlying 
Collateral: 
[As per the definition of Seller in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[[specify other]] 
CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX 
 
 
 
 
58. 
One way or Two way CSA 
[One way-Amounts due from the Issuer only] 
 
[One way- Amounts due from the Swap Counterparty only] 
 
[Two Way - Amounts due from both the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty] 
59. 
[Base Currency: 
[•]] 
60. 
[Eligible Currency: 
[•]] 
61. 
Eligible Credit Support: 
The following items will qualify as Eligible Credit Support for the party 
specified: 
 
 
 
Party A 
Party B 
Valuation 
Percentage 
(A) cash in an Eligible Currency 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
(B) negotiable debt obligations issued by 
the Government of [ ] having an original 
maturity at issuance of not more than one 
year. 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]%

--- Page 303 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
291 
 
 
(C) negotiable debt obligations issued by 
the government of [ ] having an original 
maturity at issuance of more than one 
year but no more than 10 years. 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
(D) negotiable debt obligations issued by 
the government of [ ] having an original 
maturity at issuance of more than one 
year but no more than 10 years. 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
(E) other: 
[ ] 
[ ] 
[ ]% 
 
 
 
 
 
62. 
Independent Amount: 
Means with respect to Party A: [ ] 
 
Means with respect to Party B: [ ] 
63. 
Interest Rate: 
The “Interest Rate” in relation to each Eligible Currency specified 
below will be: 
 
 
 
Eligible Currency 
Interest Rate 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
[ ] 
[ ] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
64. 
Dealer: 
[As per the definition of Dealer in the Master Terms and 
Conditions]/[[specify other(s)]] 
65. 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
66. 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules]/[D Rules]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
67. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable]/[specify] 
 
 
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[[Insert relevant third party information] set out in paragraph 19 has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not conducted extensive due diligence on such 
information or made any enquiries as to its own possession of non-publicly available information.]] 
Signed on behalf of BUCKINGHAM GATE S.A: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 304 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
292

--- Page 305 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
293 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING: 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made for the 
Instruments to be admitted to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and for the Instruments to be 
admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin.] 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made for the 
Instruments to be admitted to the Official List [•] and 
for the Instruments to be admitted to trading on 
[•].]/[The Instruments will not be listed.] 
No assurance can be given that any such application 
for listing and/or admission to trading will be granted 
(or if granted will be granted on the Issue Date). The 
Issuer has no obligation to maintain the listing (if any) 
of the Instruments on any stock exchange during their 
term. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that 
original Instruments are already admitted to trading.) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
(Only include where the Instruments are being listed) 
2. 
RATINGS: 
Ratings: 
Not Applicable. 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:] 
[Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Instruments has an interest material to the offer.] 
[The [Dealer] and its Affiliates have engaged and may engage in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform the same for, the Issuer in the ordinary course of business.] 
[insert other] 
(If no conflicts have been disclosed, delete this entire paragraph 3. If conflicts have been discussed, reference 
should be to the section of the relevant document where such conflicts were disclosed.) 
4. 
ESTIMATED AMOUNT OF NET PROCEEDS: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Instruments only – YIELD] 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]

--- Page 306 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
294 
 
 
(Only 
include 
this 
paragraph 
(5) 
where 
the 
Instruments are Fixed Rate Instruments) 
6. 
[Floating Rate Instruments only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES] 
Details of historic [LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[other rate specified in the conditions] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters [page [•]]]/[other].] 
(Only include this paragraph (6) where the Instruments are Floating Rate Instruments) 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
[CUSIP 
[•]] 
[CISN 
[•]] 
Clearing system(s) and any relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.] 
[Specify name(s), number(s) and address(es) of any 
additional clearing systems] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Instruments are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [or 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Instruments will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Series Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Instruments are capable of meeting them the 
Instruments may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common Safekeeper]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Instruments will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
Status under Section 871(m) of the Code: 
[Not Section 871(m) Instruments] [Section 871(m) 
Instruments]  
8. 
POST ISSUANCE INFORMATION

--- Page 307 ---
Form of Series Terms of a Series Issuance Document  
 
 
295 
 
 
[The Issuer does not intend to provide any post issuance information in relation to the Instruments or in relation 
to the Collateral, unless required to do so by applicable law.]/[The Issuer intends to provide post issuance 
information [specify what information will be reported and where it can be obtained].] 
9. 
DATE OF BOARD APPROVAL FOR ISSUANCE OF INSTRUMENTS OBTAINED 
The issue of the Instruments has been authorised by the Board on [•].

--- Page 308 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
296 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
£ ......................................................................... 170 
€ ......................................................................... 139 
100 per cent. Instrumentholders ......................... 117 
30/360 ................................................................ 130 
30E/360 .............................................................. 131 
30E/360 (ISDA) .................................................. 131 
360/360 .............................................................. 130 
871(m) Instruments ............................................ 245 
Actual/360........................................................... 130 
Actual/365 (Fixed) .............................................. 130 
Actual/Actual....................................................... 130 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ............................................ 132 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ............................................. 130 
Additional Disposal Agent Eligibility Criteria ....... 118 
Additional Redemption Event ............................. 118 
Additional Replacement Agent Eligibility Criteria 118 
Additional Replacement Swap Counterparty 
Eligibility Criteria ................................................. 118 
Additional Terms and Conditions ........................ 118 
Affected Agent .................................................... 118 
Affiliate ................................................................ 118 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 53, 118 
Agent .................................................................. 119 
Agent Downgrade Event ..................... 118, 269, 289 
Agent Proposal Rejection Event ................. 118, 190 
Agent Replacement Cut-Off Date ............... 118, 189 
Agent Replacement Event .................................. 118 
Agent Replacement Event Date ................. 119, 189 
Agent Replacement Event Notice ............... 119, 189 
Agent Replacement Failure Event .............. 119, 190 
Agent Replacement Notice ................................. 119 
Agents ................................................................ 119 
AIF ........................................................................ 28 
AIFMD .................................................................. 28 
Alternative Clearing System ............................... 204 
Applicable Law ................................................... 119 
Arranger ............................................................. 119 
Arranger Event ........................................... 119, 200 
Arranger Event Annex ........................................ 119 
Arranger Event Determination Date............ 119, 200 
Arranger Trigger Event ....................................... 119 
Arranger Trigger Event Determination Date 120, 200 
Arranger Trigger Event Determination Notice .... 120, 
200 
Arranger’s Group .................................................. 37 
ATAD ...................................................................... 6 
ATAD I .................................................................... 6 
ATAD II ................................................................... 6 
Auction Agent ..................................................... 120 
Bank ......................................................99, 121, 237 
Banking Act ........................................................ 251 
Bankruptcy Event ............................................... 121 
Bankruptcy Event of Default ............................... 122 
Base Currency ............................................ 123, 221 
Base Listing Particulars .......................................... iv 
Base Prospectus ...................................... i, 257, 276 
Bearer Instruments ....................................... 54, 123 
Benchmark ......................................................... 123 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 82, 123 
Benchmark Redemption Event ..................... 83, 123 
Benchmark Regulation ..................................... ix, 31 
Benefit Plan Investor .................................. 124, 248 
BMR ....................................................... ix, 257, 276 
Board .................................................................. 124 
Board of Governors .............................................. 23 
Bond Basis ......................................................... 130 
Broken Amount ................................................... 124 
BRRD ................................................................... 23 
Business Centre ................................................. 124 
business day ........................................................ 57 
Business Day ..................................................... 124 
Business Day Convention .................................. 124 
C Rules ............................................................... 206 
Calculation Agency Agreement .................... 53, 125 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 64, 125 
Calculation Amount ............................................ 125 
Calculation Amount Factor ................................. 125 
Calculation Period ...................................... 125, 130

--- Page 309 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
297 
 
 
CEA .............................................................. iii, 9, 48 
Central Bank ................................................... iv, 251 
Certificates.................................................... 55, 125 
CFTC .................................................... iii, 9, 48, 154 
CFTC Rules ........................................................ 246 
CGN ..................................................... 55, 125, 204 
Classic Global Note ............................................ 204 
Clause ........................................................ 119, 176 
Clearing System ................................................. 125 
Clearing System Business Day .......................... 207 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................................. 125 
Code ................................................................... 125 
Collateral .................................................... 108, 125 
Collateral Event .................................................. 126 
Collateral Obligor ................................................ 126 
Collateral Replacement Price ............................. 126 
Collateral Shortfall .............................................. 126 
Collateral Shortfall Assets .................................. 126 
Commission’s Proposal ...................................... 244 
Common Depositary ........................................... 204 
Companies Act ................................................. 251 
Companies Law .................................................. 127 
Company .............................................. i, 39, 53, 126 
Compartment ...................................................... 127 
Compartment [•] ......................................... 257, 276 
Compartments ......................................................... ii 
Conditions to Delivery ......................................... 127 
Constituting Document ................................. 53, 127 
Continuation Funding Amount Shortfall ...... 127, 202 
Continuation Funding Amount Shortfall Notice .. 127, 
202 
control ................................................................. 118 
Corporate Services Agreement .......................... 127 
Corporate Services Provider....................... 127, 234 
Corporate Services Provider Fees ...................... 127 
Counterparty ....................................................... 127 
Counterparty Agreement ............................ 108, 127 
Counterparty Event ............................................. 127 
Counterparty Posted Collateral..................... 45, 128 
Counterparty Posted Collateral (CSA) .......... 22, 128 
Counterparty Posted Collateral (Repo) ............... 128 
Counterparty Posted Collateral (SL) ................... 128 
Counterparty Reserved Matter ........................... 128 
Counterparty Reserved Matter Veto Notice ........ 129 
Couponholder ..................................................... 129 
Coupons ....................................................... 54, 129 
Covered Entities ................................................... 23 
Covered QFC ....................................................... 23 
CPO...................................................................... 29 
Credit Support Amount ....................................... 220 
Credit Support Annex ..........................129, 152, 218 
Credit Support Balance .............................. 129, 220 
CSSF ....................................................................... ii 
CTA ...................................................................... 29 
Custodian ........................................................... 129 
Custody Agreement ...................................... 53, 129 
D Rules ............................................................... 206 
D1 ........................................................130, 131, 132 
D2 ........................................................130, 131, 132 
Day Count Fraction............................................. 130 
Dealer ................................................................. 132 
Dealer Agreement .................................54, 132, 246 
Dealers ............................................................... 246 
Default Interest ............................................. 67, 132 
Default Redemption Amount .............................. 132 
Default Valuation Date........................................ 134 
Defaulting Party .................................................. 133 
Definitive Instruments ......................................... 205 
Delivery Amount ................................................. 220 
Designated Counterparty .................................... 134 
Designated Maturity.............................................. 64 
Determination Date............................................. 134 
Determination Period .......................................... 134 
Determining Party ............................................... 134 
Disposal Agency Agreement ........................ 53, 134 
Disposal Agent ................................................... 134 
Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event ...................... 134 
Disposal Agent Eligibility Criteria ........................ 134 
Disposal Agent Fees .......................................... 135 
Distributions ........................................................ 222 
distributor .............................................. viii, 256, 275 
Dodd-Frank Act .................................................... 28

--- Page 310 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
298 
 
 
Early Cash Redemption Amount ........................ 136 
Early Redemption Amount ................ 43, 84, 85, 136 
Early Redemption Date ...................................... 136 
Early Redemption Event ............................... 73, 137 
Early Redemption Event Determination Date ..... 137 
Early Redemption Event Determination Notice.... 75, 
137 
Early Redemption Notice .................................... 137 
Early Redemption Notice Date ........................... 137 
Early Redemption Notification Period ................. 137 
Early Termination Amount .................................. 137 
Early Termination Date ....................................... 137 
Early Valuation Date ........................................... 138 
EEA ...................................................... viii, 256, 275 
Electronic Consent ..................................... 104, 138 
Eligible Credit Support ........................................ 138 
Eligible Currency ................................................ 221 
EMIR ............................................................ 30, 138 
Enforcement Event ............................................. 138 
Enforcement Notice ............................................ 139 
EONIA .................................................................. 32 
Equivalent Credit Support ................................... 221 
Equivalent Obligations ........................................ 139 
ERISA ......................................................... 124, 248 
ESMA ......................................................... 257, 276 
EU BRRD ............................................................. 23 
EU EMIR .............................................................. 30 
EU SFTR .............................................................. 30 
EUR .................................................................... 139 
EURIBOR ..................................................... 31, 139 
Euro .................................................................... 139 
Eurobond Basis .................................................. 131 
Euroclear ............................................................ 139 
Euronext Dublin ...................................................... iv 
Event of Default ............................................ 88, 139 
Excess Collateral Amount .................................. 139 
Excess Collateral Amount (Repo Counterparty) . 139 
Excess Collateral Amount (SL Counterparty) ..... 139 
Excess Collateral Amount (Swap Counterparty). 140 
Excess Collateral Liquidation Proceeds ............. 140 
Exchange Act ................................................. iii, 246 
Exchange Date ................................................... 205 
Exercise Notice .................................................. 140 
Existing Swap Agreement .................................. 140 
Exposure ............................................................ 221 
Extraordinary Resolution .................................... 140 
FATCA ........................................................ 141, 244 
FATCA Test Date ............................................... 183 
FATCA Withholding ............................................ 141 
FC......................................................................... 30 
FCA ...................................................................... 32 
FCA Announcement ............................................. 32 
Final Redemption Amount .................................. 141 
Final Rule ............................................................. 23 
Final Terms ............................................. ii, 141, 257 
Fixed Coupon Amount ........................................ 141 
Fixed Rate Instrument ........................................ 141 
Floating Rate ........................................................ 64 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention ............ 141 
Floating Rate Instrument .................................... 141 
Floating Rate Option............................................. 64 
Following Business Day Convention .................. 141 
foreign passthru payments ................................. 244 
FSMA ................................................................. 251 
FTT ..................................................................... 244 
Full Collateral Entitlement ................................... 141 
Further Continuing Series Instrumentholders .... 142, 
201 
Further Series Continuation Determination Date 142, 
201 
Further Series Continuation Election .......... 142, 202 
Further Series Continuation Funding Amount ... 142, 
201 
Further Series Continuation Funding Notice142, 201 
GBP .................................................................... 170 
GEM ....................................................................... iv 
Global Bearer Instrument ................................... 143 
Global Instrument ............................................... 143 
Global Registered Certificate .............................. 143 
GMRA ......................................................... 143, 223 
GMSLA ....................................................... 143, 226 
Governmental Authority ...................................... 143 
Group ................................................................. 237

--- Page 311 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
299 
 
 
GSIB ..................................................................... 23 
holder ................................................................. 144 
holders .................................................................... 1 
IDD ....................................................... viii, 256, 275 
Identical Collateral .............................................. 144 
IGA ..................................................................... 141 
IGAs ................................................................... 244 
Illegality Event .................................................... 144 
Initial Continuing Series Instrumentholders 144, 200 
Initial Issuer Application Date ..................... 144, 147 
Initial Series Continuation Funding Amount 144, 200 
Initial Series Continuation Funding Notice .. 144, 201 
Instalment Amount .............................................. 144 
Instalment Date .................................................. 144 
Instalment Instrument ......................................... 144 
Instrument Tax Event ......................................... 145 
Instrumentholder ................................................. 144 
Instrumentholder Representative ........................ 145 
Instrumentholder Representative Last Look Right
 ........................................................................... 145 
Instrumentholder Settlement Option ................... 145 
Instrumentholder Tax Continuation Election .. 78, 79, 
145 
Instrumentholder-related Tax Event ................... 145 
Instrumentholders ................................................... 1 
Instruments .............................................. ii, 108, 145 
Integral Multiples .................................................... 9 
interest ................................................................ 146 
Interest Accrual Period ....................................... 146 
Interest Amount .................................................. 146 
Interest Commencement Date ............................ 146 
Interest Determination Date ................................ 146 
Interest Payment Date ........................................ 146 
Interest Period .................................................... 146 
Interest Period Date ............................................ 146 
Involuntary Dispossession Law 1996 ......... 102, 147 
IRS ..................................................................... 245 
ISDA ................................................................... 147 
ISDA Definitions ................................................. 147 
ISDA Master Agreement ..................................... 218 
ISDA Rate..................................................... 64, 147 
Issue Date .......................................................... 147 
Issue Level Documents ........................................ 49 
Issuer ....................................... ii, 4, 39, 53, 147, 232 
Issuer Application Date ....................................... 147 
Issuer Call Option ............................................... 148 
Issuer Excess Amount ........................................ 148 
Issuer Posted Collateral ................................. 22, 45 
Issuer Shortfall Amount ...................................... 148 
Issuer Tax Event ................................................ 148 
Issuer’s Swap Counterparty Replacement Account
 ........................................................................... 148 
Issuing and Paying Agent ................................... 149 
ITA 2007 ............................................................. 243 
legal entity .......................................................... 248 
LIBOR ........................................................... 31, 150 
Linear Interpolation ............................................. 150 
Liquidate ............................................................. 150 
Liquidated ........................................................... 150 
Liquidating .......................................................... 150 
Liquidation .......................................................... 150 
Liquidation Commencement Date ...................... 150 
Liquidation Event ................................................ 150 
Liquidation Expenses ......................................... 150 
Liquidation Proceeds .......................................... 150 
Luxembourg ....................................................... 151 
Luxembourg AIFM Law ........................................ 28 
M1 .............................................................. 130, 131 
M2 .............................................................. 130, 131 
Mandate Agreement ........................................... 152 
Mandatory Reference Rate Event ...................... 152 
Margin ................................................................ 152 
Master Agency Terms .................................. 53, 152 
Master Agreement ...................................... 152, 218 
Master Calculation Agency Terms ................ 53, 153 
Master Condition ................................................ 153 
Master Custody Terms ................................. 53, 153 
Master Dealer Terms ............................................ 54 
Master Disposal Agency Terms .................... 54, 153 
Master Terms and Conditions ...................... 49, 153 
Master Trust Terms ...................................... 53, 153 
Maturity Cut-off Date .................................... 90, 153

--- Page 312 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
300 
 
 
Maturity Date ...................................................... 153 
Mediobanca ...................................................... i, 119 
Mediobanca Group ............................................. 237 
MiFID II ................................................... iv, 256, 275 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules ....................... ix 
Modified Following Business Day Convention .... 153 
Mortgaged Property .................................... 108, 153 
negative interest ................................................... 94 
Net Liquidation Proceeds ................................... 154 
New Global Note ................................................ 204 
New Safekeeping Structure ................................ 204 
NFC- ..................................................................... 30 
NFC+ .................................................................... 30 
NGN ..................................................... 55, 154, 204 
Non-Compliance Event of Default ...................... 154 
Non-exempt Offer ............................................... 249 
Non-Permitted Transferee .............................. 9, 154 
Non-Series Overheads ................................. 39, 154 
Non-United States person .................................. 247 
NSS .................................................................... 204 
Obligation ........................................................... 155 
Official List .............................................................. iv 
Optional Redemption Amount............................. 155 
Optional Redemption Date ................................. 155 
Optional Redemption Exercise Date ................... 155 
Optional Redemption Exercise Notice ................ 155 
Optional Redemption Exercise Notice Date ....... 155 
Other Counterparty ............................................. 155 
Other Counterparty Agreement .......................... 155 
Page ................................................................... 156 
participating Member States ............................... 244 
Pass-Through Interest Instruments .................... 156 
Payee Tax Representation ................................. 156 
Payer Tax Representation .................................. 156 
Paying Agent .............................................. 156, 241 
Payment Business Centre .................................. 156 
Payment Business Day ...................................... 156 
Payment Business Day Convention ................... 156 
Payment Event of Default ................................... 156 
Permitted Transferee .......................................... 246 
Physical Redemption Amount............................. 157 
Physical Redemption Priority Payment Amount . 157 
Potential Collateral Event ............................. 76, 157 
Potential Event of Default ................................... 157 
Preceding Business Day Convention ................. 157 
Pricing Supplement ................................................ iv 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................ viii, 256, 275 
principal .............................................................. 157 
Pro Rata Non-Series Overheads ........................ 157 
Proceedings ............................................... 113, 157 
Product Supplement ........................................... 157 
Product Supplement Redemption Event ............. 157 
Product Supplements ........................................... 50 
Programme ....................................................... i, 157 
Programme Level Documents .............................. 49 
Proposed Exercise of Rights ........................ 61, 158 
Proposed Exercise of Rights Cut-off Date ............ 62 
Proposed Exercise of Rights Cut-Off Date ......... 158 
Prospectus Regulation ........................... iv, 158, 250 
Purchase Agreement .......................................... 158 
QFCs .................................................................... 23 
Rate of Interest ................................................... 159 
RCS .................................................................... 159 
Receipts ....................................................... 54, 159 
Record Date ....................................................... 159 
Reference Banks ................................................ 159 
Reference Rate .................................................. 159 
Reference Rate Event ........................................ 159 
Reference Rate Redemption Event .............. 69, 160 
Register ........................................................ 56, 160 
Registered Instruments ................................ 54, 160 
Registrar ............................................................. 160 
Regulatory Event ................................................ 160 
Regulatory Event Party ....................................... 161 
Regulatory Redemption Event ...................... 82, 161 
Related Underlying Collateral Payment Date ..... 161 
Relevant Authority .............................................. 160 
relevant clearing system ..................................... 204 
Relevant Collateral ............................................... 31 
Relevant Counterparty .......................................... 30 
Relevant Date ..................................................... 161 
Relevant Nominating Body ................................. 161

--- Page 313 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
301 
 
 
Relevant State .................................................... 249 
Relevant Stock Exchange .................................. 162 
RELIBI ................................................................ 241 
Replacement Adjustment Spread ....................... 162 
Replacement Agent ............................................ 162 
Replacement Alternative Rate ............................ 163 
Replacement Industry Rate ............................. 163 
Replacement Reference Rate ............................ 163 
Replacement Swap Agreement .......................... 163 
Replacement Swap Counterparty ....................... 164 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Eligibility Criteria
 ........................................................................... 164 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Selection Date164 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Settlement Cut-
Off Date ...................................................... 165, 197 
Replacement Swap Counterparty Settlement Date
 ........................................................................... 165 
Replacement Swap Price ................................... 165 
Repo Agreement ................................ 108, 165, 223 
Repo Agreement Termination Event .................. 165 
Repo Counterparty ..................................... 165, 223 
Repo Transaction ....................................... 165, 223 
Reserved Matters ............................................... 166 
Reset Date............................................................ 64 
Residual Claim Amount ...................................... 167 
Return Amount ................................................... 221 
RFR ...................................................................... 32 
Schedule .................................................... 152, 168 
Screen Rate.................................................. 64, 168 
Section 871(m) Instruments................................ 168 
Section 871(m) Regulations ............................... 245 
Secured Creditor ........................................ 108, 168 
Secured Payment Obligation .............................. 168 
Secured Payment Obligations ............................ 108 
Securities Act.................................................. iii, 246 
Securities Lending Agreement............ 108, 168, 226 
Securities Lending Agreement Termination Event
 ........................................................................... 168 
Securitisation Law ........................................... ii, 168 
Security Document ............................................. 168 
Seller .................................................................. 168 
Series .............................................................. ii, 169 
Series Continuation Election ...................... 169, 200 
Series Continuation Funding Amount Shortfall Cut-
Off Date ...................................................... 169, 202 
Series Issuance Document .............................. ii, 169 
Series Listing Particulars ........................................ iv 
Series Memorandum ............................................... ii 
Series Overheads ......................................... 39, 169 
Series Prospectus ................................................... ii 
Series Reserve Account ............................. 169, 201 
Series Reserve Account Balance Event ..... 169, 201 
Series Reserve Account Balance Trigger Event 169, 
201 
Series Terms ................................................... v, 169 
Settlement Failure Event .................................... 169 
Settlement Option Cut-off Date .................... 85, 169 
SFC ...................................................................... 30 
SFTR ............................................................ 30, 169 
SL Counterparty ......................................... 169, 226 
SL Transaction ........................................... 169, 226 
Sole Instrumentholder ........................................ 169 
Special Quorum .......................................... 103, 170 
Specified Alternative Rate .................................. 170 
Specified Currency ............................................. 170 
Specified Denomination ...................................... 170 
Specified Duration .............................................. 170 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) .................... 170 
Specified Jurisdiction .......................................... 170 
Specified Office .................................................. 170 
Specified Regulatory Event ................................ 170 
Specified Underlying Collateral ........................... 255 
Sterling ............................................................... 170 
Successor ........................................................... 170 
Suspension Cancellation Event Date ........... 77, 170 
Suspension Determination Date ................... 76, 170 
Suspension Period ....................................... 76, 170 
Swap Agreement .................................108, 171, 218 
Swap Counterparty ..................................... 171, 218 
Swap Counterparty Auction ................................ 171 
Swap Counterparty Auction Costs ...................... 171 
Swap Counterparty Auction Costs Payment Date
 ................................................................... 171, 194 
Swap Counterparty Auction Requirements ......... 171

--- Page 314 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
302 
 
 
Swap Counterparty Auction Result Notice .. 171, 194 
Swap Counterparty Downgrade Trigger Event .. 171, 
229, 269, 289 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Additional 
Payment Amount ................................................ 171 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Agreement .... 171 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Date
 ........................................................................... 172 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Calculation Notice
 ................................................................... 172, 197 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Election . 172, 191 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Election Cut-Off 
Date ............................................................ 172, 191 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Event ..... 172, 229 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Failure Event . 172 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Notice ............ 173 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Process . 173, 229 
Swap Counterparty Replacement Resumption Date
 ................................................................... 173, 199 
Swap Termination Event .................................... 173 
Swap Transaction ................................. 64, 174, 218 
Talons ........................................................... 54, 175 
TARGET Business Day ...................................... 124 
TARGET System ................................................ 175 
Tax Deduction .................................................... 175 
Tax” or ”Taxes .................................................... 175 
TEFRA ................................................................ 206 
Termination Amount ........................................... 175 
Terms and Conditions .................................. 50, 175 
Third Party Information ............................................ i 
Title Transfer Collateral Arrangement ................... 30 
Total Replacement Price .................................... 175 
Trade Date.......................................................... 175 
Tranche ..................................................... ii, 54, 175 
Transaction Document ....................................... 175 
Transaction Party ............................................... 176 
Transaction Party Replacement Annex .............. 176 
Transaction Security ........................................... 176 
Transfer Agent .................................................... 176 
Transferee ........................................................... 30 
Transferor............................................................ 30 
Trust Deed .................................................... 53, 176 
Trustee ............................................................... 176 
Trustee Application Date .................................... 176 
U.S. dollars ......................................................... 184 
U.S. person ................................................ 247, 248 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ......................... 23 
U.S.$ .................................................................. 184 
UK ........................................................ viii, 256, 275 
UK BRRD ............................................................. 23 
UK EMIR .............................................................. 30 
UK Interest ......................................................... 243 
UK SFTR .............................................................. 30 
Underlying Collateral .............................39, 108, 177 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation ..................... 177 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption 
Amount ............................................................... 177 
Underlying Collateral Amortisation Redemption Date
 ........................................................................... 177 
Underlying Collateral Conversion ....................... 177 
Underlying Collateral Currency Redenomination 
Event .................................................................. 177 
Underlying Collateral Default .............................. 178 
Underlying Collateral Default Requirement ........ 178 
Underlying Collateral Early Payment Date ......... 178 
Underlying Collateral Obligor .............................. 178 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Bankruptcy ........... 178 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Credit Event ......... 178 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Failure to Pay ....... 178 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Governmental 
Intervention ......................................................... 179 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Grace Period ........ 179 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Grace Period 
Business Day ..................................................... 180 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation............. 180 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Obligation 
Acceleration ........................................................ 180 
Underlying Collateral Obligor 
Repudiation/Moratorium ..................................... 180 
Underlying Collateral Obligor Restructuring ....... 181 
Underlying Collateral Payment Failure ............... 182 
Underlying Collateral Payment Requirement ...... 182 
Underlying Collateral Proceeds .......................... 185 
Underlying Collateral Repayment ....................... 183 
Underlying Collateral Settlement Failure ............ 183 
Underlying Collateral Tax Event ......................... 183

--- Page 315 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
303 
 
 
unit ................................................................ 98, 183 
Unlisted Instruments ............................................... v 
Unpaid Early Termination Amount ...................... 183 
Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim Additional Payment 
Amount ............................................................... 183 
Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim Additional Payment 
Amount Payment Date ....................................... 184 
Unpaid Swap Close-Out Claim Proceeds ........... 184 
USD .................................................................... 184 
Valuation Agent .................................................. 221 
Valuation Date .................................................... 221 
Valuation Percentage ......................................... 221 
Value .................................................................. 221 
Value of the Underlying Collateral ...................... 185 
Value Trigger Event ............................................ 185 
Value Trigger Level ............................................ 185 
Value Trigger Swap Gain ................................... 185 
Value Trigger Swap Loss ................................... 185 
Value Trigger Swap Value .................................. 185 
Variable Rate Instrument .................................... 186 
Volcker Rule ......................................................... 29 
Written Resolution ...................................... 104, 187 
X ......................................................................... 221 
Y ......................................................................... 221 
Y1 ............................................................... 130, 131 
Y2 ............................................................... 130, 131 
Zero Coupon Instrument ..................................... 188

--- Page 316 ---
L_LIVE_EMEA1:49186604v10 
Registered office of the Company 
Buckingham Gate S.A. 
Airport Center Luxembourg 
5, Heienhaff  
L-1736 Senningerberg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
Arranger, Dealer, Disposal Agent and Calculation 
Agent 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 
1 20121 Milan 
Italy 
Issuing and Paying Agent and Custodian 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
Paying Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
branch 
2-4 rue Eugéne Ruppert 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
Legal advisers 
to the Arranger in respect of English law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London  EC2Y 9SS 
United Kingdom 
 
to the Company and the Arranger in respect of 
Luxembourg law 
Simmons & Simmons Luxembourg LLP 
26A Boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland