--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 4 March 2025 
      
 
BUREAU VERITAS S.A.  
(a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France) 
Euro 4,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Bureau Veritas S.A. (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed Euro 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
Base Prospectus received the approval number 25-057 on 4 March 2025 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as 
of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission 
(a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to 
trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form as more fully described herein. 
The Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in 
the books of Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iii)), in either fully registered 
form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the 
Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
The Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A3 (stable outlook) by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (“Moody's”). Moody's is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.  
The relevant Final Terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein, any supplement thereto and the relevant Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.bureauveritas.com) and, as the case may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Arranger and Dealer 
NATIXIS 
Dealers  
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS 
COMMERZBANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
HSBC 
ING 
MIZUHO  
NATWEST MARKETS 
 SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard 
to the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which 
is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses, prospects of the Issuer and the Group, rights attaching to the Notes and reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), each of which 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus (including for the avoidance of doubt any information on the websites 
which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) unless that information is incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or the Dealers (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”) or Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or 
Eurostat, makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any 
particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as

--- Page 3 ---
3 
the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not 
responsible for or has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the 
Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such 
Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context 
of Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any 
such persons to disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID 
II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR 
Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and no action has been or will be undertaken to offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes, 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and

--- Page 4 ---
4 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
UK PRIIPs IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 (the “SF (CMP) Regulations”) that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes issued under the Programme shall be “prescribed capital markets” products as defined in SF (CMP) 
Regulations and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE 
NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES 
ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND 
ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors 
are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) 
might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors should ask for their own tax 
adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the subscription, acquisition, holding, disposal 
and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the 
potential investor.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in the section headed “Risk Factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than 
in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold,

--- Page 5 ---
5 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be 
made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by 
reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as 
a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The Dealers do not make any representation, express or implied, and do not accept any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
The Dealers do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Dealers.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
“EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which 
was introduced on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America, references to “AUD” and Australia dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
Australia, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and 
references to “Swiss francs” or “CHF” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ............................................................................................................................................ 6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 16 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................. 28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 29 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 37 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................................. 113 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .......................................................................................................................... 114 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................. 115 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................. 116 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................... 120 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 139 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................ 143

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Bureau Veritas S.A.  
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
the heading “Risks relating to the Issuer” in the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading 
“Risks relating to the Notes” in the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
969500TPU5T3HA5D1F11 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
Natixis 
Banco Santander S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement.  
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time (the 
“Programme Limit”).  
The Programme Limit may be increased, as provided in the dealer agreement 
dated 4 March 2025 between the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Put Agent, Redenomination 
Agent, Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation Agent: 
Société Générale 
Use of Proceeds: 
 
As described in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus, the 
net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds.  
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue 
Dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, 
with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one (1) month from the original Issue Date of the relevant 
Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 12 (whichever is the later). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling, Yen, Swiss francs, Australian Dollars 
and USD and in any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
(engagements chirographaires) and rank and will at all times rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and shall 
procure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist 
any Security Interest upon all or part of the Issuer's or any Principal 
Subsidiary's present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security 
for the Notes as may be approved by a Collective Decision in accordance 
with Condition 11, as set out in Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default (including 
cross-default): 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes, including a cross-
default, as set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable. 
Optional Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes (either in whole or in part) may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call 
Option”, “Redemption at the Option of the Issuer”, “Acquisition Event Call 
Option” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in Condition 6(k)) or illegality (as 
provided in Condition 6(o)). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing 
conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) to redeem the Notes, 
in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to (i) the Maturity 
Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (the “Make-
Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” will be an amount in the 
Specified Currency being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal 
Amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
until the Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest 
rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes 
from and including the Issue Date or, as the case may be, the scheduled 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-Whole 
Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-Whole Redemption Date) 
discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a 
Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each 
case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
such Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or, if so provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part, at par, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with 
any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any 
time during the period starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes 
in that Series at par, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(their “Optional Redemption Amount”), together with any interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer: 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. Any 
partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption at the Option of 
the Noteholders: 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Noteholder, redeem all or part of the Notes held by such 
Noteholder on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional 
Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms together with 
interest accrued, if any, to the date fixed for redemption. 
Acquisition Event Call 
Option: 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and if an Acquisition Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in 
whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Put Option in case of a 
Change of Control: 
If a Change of Control Put Option in case of Change of Control is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and if a Change of Control Put Event occurs, 
each Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder 
on the Change of Control Put Date at their Optional Redemption Amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued up to but 
excluding such date of redemption or repurchase.  
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If, pursuant to French law or regulation, payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note become subject to withholding or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in 
that order that the Noteholders, after such withholding or deduction, will 
receive the full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction, subject to certain exceptions.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 
2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments, or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, TONA, SARON or 
SOFR (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or, any successor rate or any alternative rate, in each 
case as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less 
than zero. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest and/or 
the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an 
inflation index ratio derived from either: (i) the consumer price index 
(excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated 
and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques; or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding 
tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and 
published monthly by Eurostat. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
(with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
potential application of an Adjustment Spread) as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently participates 
in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union may be 
subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other 
Notes denominated in euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination” 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and 
Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, either in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and 
Redenomination”. 
Representation of 
Noteholders: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the 
“Masse”) which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et 
seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L. 228-
59, L. 228-65 I. 1°, 3°(only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger 
or demerger with or into another entity of the Group), 4° and 6°, L. 228-65 
II., L. 228-71, L. 228-72, R. 228-61, R. 228-69, R. 228-79 and R. 228-80 of 
the French Code de commerce. 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective Decisions”). If and for so long

--- Page 14 ---
14 
as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder 
shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Representation of Noteholders”. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Jurisdiction:  
The Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in 
Paris.  
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to the Notes. 
Initial Delivery of the Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Notes, a lettre comptable or an application form relating to such Tranche 
of Notes shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or other Regulated 
Markets as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes 
may not be admitted to trading or may be unlisted.  
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference, any 
supplement thereto (if any) and the relevant Final Terms related to the Notes 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published, 
as the case may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on 
the website of the Issuer (www.bureauveritas.com) and copies may be 
obtained on request without charge at the registered office of the Issuer. The 
relevant Final Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be 
obtained.  
Rating:  
The Issuer’s long-term debt is rated A3 (stable outlook) by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH (“Moody's”). Moody's is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Moody's is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with such regulation. Notes issued pursuant to 
the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings 
of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The rules of the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 do not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Group and/or the Notes and material for 
an informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of 
the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should also, in light of their financial circumstances and investment 
objectives, read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant 
sections of any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks 
relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes.  
In each sub-category below, the most material risks are listed based on the Issuer's assessment of the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence and taking into account 
risk management policies in place. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. In this section, reference to a “Condition” is a reference 
to the numbered paragraphs in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, unless otherwise specified. 
I 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks relating to the Issuer and its business are set out in the 2023 Universal Registration Document and 
the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as set 
out in the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”. 
These risks include: 
Risks relating to the Group's operations and activities 
• 
Cybersecurity risk 
• 
Legal risk related to changing regulations  
• 
Ethics risk  
• 
Risk related to litigation or pre‑litigation proceedings 
• 
Risk related to the production of forged certificates  
• 
Risk related to the non‑renewal, suspension or loss of certain authorizations 
Human risks 
• 
Risks related to human capital 
Risks relating to acquisitions

--- Page 17 ---
17 
• 
Risk of impairment of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions 
II 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. RISKS APPLICABLE TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES  
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable since 1 
October 2021, has amended French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings.  
According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the 
Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes 
shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on 
the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly 
be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the 
court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting 
classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in 
Condition 11 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency 
law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, could 
negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for collective decisions to consider matters affecting their interest generally 
to be adopted either through a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a written 
consultation (the “Written Resolution”). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the 
Written Resolution and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions 
deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the 
limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a decision is adopted by a

--- Page 18 ---
18 
majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their 
investment. 
In addition, Condition 11 provides in particular that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of 
the French Code de commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the 
Noteholders (i) of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or 
demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de 
commerce (only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or demerger with or into another entity 
of the Group), (iii) of any issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit to 
the Masse and (iv) of any proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another member 
State of the European Union, shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval 
of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests 
generally. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated A3 (stable outlook) by Moody's. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
1. Early redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a Make-
Whole Redemption option as provided in Condition 6(b), a Residual Maturity Call Option as provided in 
Condition 6(c), a Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d), a Call Option as provided in Condition 
6(e) or an Acquisition Event Call Option as provided in Condition 6(h).  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75% of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
With respect to the Redemption on Acquisition Event, the probability and risks related to the non-
consummation of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
may depend on a variety of factors, including (but not limited to) securing competition, foreign investment 
and other regulatory approvals, obtaining consents from commercial counterparties or creditors of the 
Acquisition Target, completing required employee consultation procedures and the implementation of the 
Group's strategy with respect to the particular Acquisition Target, some of which will be outside of the 
control of the Issuer. In addition, should the completion of the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target 
not be completed within the Acquisition Notice Period, the Issuer will have the right (but not the obligation) 
to exercise the Redemption on Acquisition Event at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms) and in such case Noteholders would not receive the total return expected to be 
received on the Notes. Moreover, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through a 
Redemption on Acquisition Event may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
redeemed Notes. Conversely, if the proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not consummated, and 
the Issuer determines not to redeem the Notes, the Notes will remain outstanding as obligations of the Issuer 
and the Acquisition Target will not be a member of the Group. The existence of these early redemption 
options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(k) and/or in case of 
illegality as described in Condition 6(o). 
With respect to the Residual Maturity Call Option, if such option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 6(c) of the Terms and 
Condition of the Notes at any time as from (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) until (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
Furthermore, the exercise of the Make-Whole Redemption option by the Issuer may be subject to certain 
refinancing conditions referred to in the notice published by the Issuer in connection thereto. However, even 
if notice is given in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(b), in the event that such refinancing 
condition has not been satisfied, the Issuer may revoke such notice, in which case the redemption at the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 6(b) will not occur, which may have a 
negative impact on the Noteholders as the market price of the Notes is likely to fall below the expected 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes may have a significant impact on their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon 
redemption may be significantly lower than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. In addition, the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholders. These could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders 
who may lose all or a substantial part of the capital invested in the Notes.  
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing 
the Notes and could have significant financial impact on the Noteholders. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the Residual 
Maturity Call Option, the Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders, the Acquisition Event Call 
Option by the Issuer and the Put Option in case of Change of Control are exercisable in whole or in 
part and exercise of such options by the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, in respect of 
certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option 
is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b), the Residual Maturity Call Option 
provided in Condition 6(c) the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e), the 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders provided in Condition 6(g), the Acquisition Event Call Option 
by the Issuer in Condition 6(h) and the Put Option in case of Change of Control provided in Condition 6(i) 
are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by application 
of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed). The Issuer could also be compelled to redeem the Notes in part only

--- Page 20 ---
20 
if the Noteholders decide to exercise their Put Option (if specified in the relevant Final Terms), as provided 
in Condition 6(g) and/or their Put Option in case of Change of Control (if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and if a Change of Control were to occur, as provided in Condition 6(i). 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(i) and Condition 6(g), (i) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Noteholders are entitled to exercise a Put Option in case of Change of Control if a Change of Control Put 
Event occurs and (ii) the relevant Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Noteholders through the exercise of a Put Option. Exercise of a Put Option 
or a Put Option in case of Change of Control in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms or the Put Option in case of Change of Control provided in the relevant Final Terms is 
exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid, which shall in turn adversely impact those Noteholders from a financial point of view. 
2. Interest rate risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears or in advance on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. While the nominal interest 
rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital 
markets (“market interest rate”) typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest 
rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes 
would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The 
degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) 
which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest

--- Page 21 ---
21 
income, Noteholders are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability 
to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating 
Rate Notes (and vice versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the 
existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the 
relevant margin, being lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant Interest 
Amount be less than zero. These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher 
reference rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower interest under 
the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The Interest Amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest 
Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of 
the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
As contemplated by Condition 5(d), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. The market values of the Zero 
Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any 
such volatility may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c), the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute benchmarks for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published in the Official Journal 
of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provisions of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation), which seek to 
mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse 
impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, in particular: 
- 
an index that is a benchmark may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the 
Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based 
in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed 
and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirement of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the benchmark and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment 
or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
benchmarks. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under 
the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF 
Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the 
relevant benchmark is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based 
on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available (please 
refer to the risk factor entitled “The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks” below). Any of the 
foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii) (D) (Benchmark Discontinuation) provides for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in respect of an Original Reference Rate 
(such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap

--- Page 23 ---
23 
rate, but shall exclude €STR, SOFR, TONA, SONIA and SARON), and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any other successor service), becomes unavailable.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii) (D)), with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread (which, if applied, could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) and without the consent of the Noteholders and as more fully described in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D). 
It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any Adjustment Spread, 
may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as expected or intended at the relevant time.   
In certain circumstances, including where no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Accrual Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Investors 
holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate 
environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes 
and as a result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Tokyo 
Overnight Average (“TONA”) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”), as reference rates in 
the capital markets for euro, Swiss francs, sterling, yen or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and their adoption 
as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used 
in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
may issue notes referencing SONIA, €STR, TONA, SOFR or SARON pursuant to Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(IV), 5(c)(iii)(C)(V), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VIII) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing SONIA, €STR, TONA, SOFR or SARON.  
The ongoing development of the use of SONIA, €STR, TONA or SOFR as interest reference rate for bond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, €STR-, TONA-, SOFR- or SARON-based rates for 
such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference 
a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as SONIA is published by the Bank of England, €STR is published by the European Central 
Bank, TONA is published by the Bank of Japan, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York and SARON is published by the SIX Swiss Exchange AG, the Issuer has no control over their

--- Page 24 ---
24 
determination, calculation or publication. SONIA, €STR, TONA, SOFR or SARON may be discontinued 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the SONIA, €STR, TONA, SOFR or SARON reference rate is discontinued or is no longer 
published as described in the Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of 
Interest on the Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in the Conditions 
5(c)(iii)(C)(IV), 5(c)(iii)(C)(V), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI), 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VIII) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the SONIA, 
€STR, TONA, SOFR or SARON reference rate had been provided by the Bank of England, the European 
Central Bank, the Bank of Japan, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the SIX Swiss Exchange AG, 
as relevant, in their current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may entail 
material risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt securities. 
Noteholders will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by 
reference to SARON, SONIA, SOFR, €STR or TONA  
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to SARON, SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or TONA. Because such rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Notes that reference such rates 
with Interest Accrual Periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of:  
(a) 
in the case of SARON, a compounded SARON in respect of a period that starts a specified number 
of days prior to the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days 
prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period, 
(b) 
in the case of SONIA, (i) the weighted average mean of SONIA over the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period in respect of an Interest Accrual Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain 
number of days prior to the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, (ii) a compounded SONIA 
(x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that the SONIA used as the basis for 
calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior to the observation date or 
(y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period,  
(c) 
in the case of SOFR, (i) the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
where the SOFR is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual 
Period, (ii) a compounded SOFR (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided that the 
SOFR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior 
to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of 
such Interest Accrual Period or (iii) calculated by reference to the SOFR Index published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website,  
(d) 
in the case of €STR, a compounded €STR (x) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided 
that €STR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days 
prior to the observation date or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end 
of such Interest Accrual Period, or

--- Page 25 ---
25 
(e) 
in the case of TONA, a compounded TONA (i) in respect of the Interest Accrual Period, provided 
that the TONA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of 
days prior to the observation date or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days 
prior to the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to 
the end of such Interest Accrual Period. 
As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment 
date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Noteholders 
therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes and there is a 
possibility that such amount could be lower than expected. 
Risk Factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c)(iv), the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes 
are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of which the 
principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the performance of an 
inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (the “CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each 
an “Inflation Index” and together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at 
any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the 
Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or 
the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if the 
nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par.  
The above-mentioned factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and 
Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Liquidity risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. The Notes may not have an established 
trading market when issued, and one may never develop. The absence of liquidity may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the 
complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of 
such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any 
redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and the 
level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the 
Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. 
Although particular series of Notes may specify that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted or an

--- Page 26 ---
26 
active trading market may not develop. If an active market for the Notes does not develop or is not sustained, 
the market price or the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. As a consequence, 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their 
anticipated yield and as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency in accordance with 
Condition 5. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes, all of 
which could have a significant adverse effect on the return on the investment of the investors. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependent principally in a currency other than euro may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the 
perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated A3 (stable outlook) by 
Moody's, as described in the section headed “General Description of the Programme”. The rating of the 
Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings might not continue for any period of time and 
might be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-
solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the 
Issuer which could also adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, 
the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated A3 (stable outlook) by Moody's. 
However, if the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on 
the Noteholders and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under 
the Notes and the value of the Notes may decrease. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and 
growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by 
or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit 
forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation 
to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or 
circumstances or otherwise.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The information set out in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus, provided, however, that any statement contained in any document incorporated by reference in, and 
forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of such documents will be made available, without charge, during usual business hours at the specified offices 
of the Issuer, unless such documents have been modified or superseded. Such documents and the free English 
translations thereof will be available to view on the website of the Issuer (https://group.bureauveritas.com). The 2022 
Universal Registration Document and the 2023 Universal Registration Document (as defined below) will also be 
available to view on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
For ease of reference, the table below sets out the relevant page references of:  
a. 
the 2022 Document d'Enregistrement Universel in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with 
the AMF on 30 March 2023 under no. D.23-0182, including the statutory and audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2022 and the related notes 
thereto 
(the 
“2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document”)–- 
hyperlink: 
https://group.bureauveritas.com/sites/g/files/zypfnx196/files/media/document/Bureau-
Veritas_Document_Enregistrement_Universel_2022_vFinale_16.4Mo.pdf;  
b. the 2023 Document d'Enregistrement Universel in the French language relating to the Issuer filed with 
the AMF on 9 April 2024 under no. D.24-0262, including the statutory and audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2023 and the related notes 
thereto 
(the 
“2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document”) 
–- 
hyperlink: 
https://group.bureauveritas.com/sites/g/files/zypfnx196/files/media/document/Bureau-
Veritas_Document_Enregistrement_Universel_2023_15.0_Mo.pdf;  
c. 
the 2024 Rapport Financier Semestriel in the French language relating to the Issuer dated 25 July 2024, 
including the unaudited condensed half-year consolidated financial statement of the Issuer as, and for 
the six-month period ended, 30 June 2024 (the “2024 Half-Year Financial Report”) – hyperlink: 
https://group.bureauveritas.com/sites/g/files/zypfnx196/files/media/document/Rapport-Financier-
Semestriel-2024.pdf;  
d. the press release dated 23 October 2024 on quarterly information as at 30 September 2024 published on 
the Issuer's website in the French language (the “Q3 Press Release”) - hyperlink: https://cdn3-
group.bureauveritas.com/sites/g/files/zypfnx196/files/media/document/CP_Chiffre_d_affaires_Q3_20
24.pdf; and 
e. 
the press release dated 25 February 2025 on the full year results as at 31 December 2024 published on 
the Issuer's website in the French language (the “2024 Full Year Results Press Release”) – hyperlink: 
https://ml-eu.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/9788ab55-57a1-464d-910c-84c4bc5febd6. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the table below but included in the documents listed above is given for information 
purposes only.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information contained 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
 
Cross-reference table 
 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
 
Information 
incorporated by 
reference 
2022 
Registration 
Document 
(page 
number) 
2023 
Registration 
Document 
(page 
number) 
2024 Half-
Year Financial 
Report (page 
number) 
Q3 Press 
Release (page 
number) 
2024 Full Year 
Results Press 
Release (page 
number) 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
3.1 
A description of 
the material risks 
that are specific 
to the issuer and 
that may affect 
the 
issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its 
obligations under 
the securities, in 
a limited number 
of categories, in a 
section 
headed 
‘Risk Factors’. 
 
In each category 
the most material 
risks, 
in 
the 
assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or 
person asking for 
admission 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated market, 
taking 
into 
account 
the 
negative impact 
on the issuer and 
the probability of 
their occurrence, 
shall be set out 
first. The risk 
factors shall be 
corroborated by 
the content of the 
registration 
document. 
- 
306 to 317 
28  
- 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and 
commercial 
- 
458 
- 
-

--- Page 31 ---
31 
name of the 
Issuer 
4.1.2 
The 
place 
of 
registration 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
its 
registration 
number and legal 
entity identifier 
(“LEI”). 
- 
458 
- 
- 
 
4.1.3 
The 
date 
of 
incorporation 
and length of life 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
except where the 
period 
is 
indefinite. 
- 
458 
- 
- 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and 
legal form of the 
Issuer, 
the 
legislation under 
which the Issuer 
operates, 
its 
country 
of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone 
number 
of 
its 
registered office 
(or 
principal 
place of business 
if different from 
its 
registered 
office) 
and 
website of the 
Issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer 
that 
the 
information 
on 
the website does 
not form part of 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by 
reference into the 
prospectus. 
- 
458 
- 
 
 
4.1.5 
any recent events 
particular to the 
issuer and which 
are to a material 
extent relevant to 
the evaluation of 
the 
issuer's 
solvency 
- 
- 
42-43 and 56 
1 to 15 
1 to 33 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
Principal activities  
 
5.1.1 
A 
brief 
description of the 
- 
8-9 
- 
-

--- Page 32 ---
32 
issuer’s principal 
activities stating 
the 
main 
categories 
of 
products 
sold 
and/or 
services 
performed. 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is 
part of a group, a 
brief description 
of the group and 
the 
issuer’s 
position 
within 
the group. This 
may be in the 
form 
of, 
or 
accompanied by, 
a diagram of the 
organisational 
structure if this 
helps to clarify 
the structure.  
- 
459 
- 
- 
 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
 
9.1 
Names, business 
addresses 
and 
functions within 
the issuer of the 
following 
persons and an 
indication of the 
principal 
activities 
performed 
by 
them outside of 
that issuer where 
these 
are 
significant with 
respect to that 
issuer: 
(a) members of 
the 
administrative, 
management or 
supervisory 
bodies; 
- 
197 to 209 
- 
- 
 
9.2. 
Administrative, 
management, 
and supervisory 
bodies conflicts 
of interests 
Potential 
conflicts 
of 
interests between 
- 
243-244 
- 
-

--- Page 33 ---
33 
any duties to the 
issuer, 
of 
the 
persons referred 
to in item 9.1, 
and their private 
interests and or 
other duties must 
be clearly stated.  
 
In the event that 
there are no such 
conflicts, 
a 
statement to that 
effect must be 
made. 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 
To 
the 
extent 
known 
to 
the 
issuer, 
state 
whether 
the 
issuer is directly 
or 
indirectly 
owned 
or 
controlled and by 
whom 
and 
describe 
the 
nature of such 
control 
and 
describe 
the 
measures 
in 
place to ensure 
that such control 
is not abused. 
- 
467, 470 and 
481 
42 
- 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
covering 
the 
latest 
two 
financial 
years 
(at 
least 
24 
months) or such 
shorter period as 
the issuer has 
been in operation 
and 
the 
audit 
report in respect 
of each year 
390 to 460 
356 to 428 
37 to 57 
(limited 
review) 
-

--- Page 34 ---
34 
11.1.3 
Accounting 
standards 
The 
financial 
information must 
be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the 
Union based on 
Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 
397 
362 
43 
- 
 
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated 
financial 
statements  
If 
the 
issuer 
prepares 
both 
stand-alone and 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
include at least 
the consolidated 
financial 
statements in the 
registration 
document 
390 to 454 
356 to 422 
37 to 56 
- 
 
11.1.6 
Age of financial 
information 
The balance 
sheet date of the 
last year of 
audited financial 
information may 
not be older than 
18 months from 
the date of the 
registration 
document 
- 
358 
- 
- 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 
The 
historical 
financial 
information must 
be independently 
audited. 
The 
audit report shall 
be prepared in 
accordance with 
Directive 
2006/43/EC and 
Regulation (EU) 
No 537/2014. 
455 to 460 
423 to 428 
57 (limited 
review) 
- 
 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
Information 
on 
any 
- 
326 
28 
-

--- Page 35 ---
35 
governmental, 
legal 
or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such proceedings 
which 
are 
pending 
or 
threatened 
of 
which the Issuer 
is aware), during 
a period covering 
at 
least 
the 
previous 
12 
months 
which 
may 
have, 
or 
have had in the 
recent 
past 
significant 
effects on the 
Issuer 
and/or 
group’s financial 
position 
or 
profitability, 
or 
provide 
an 
appropriate 
negative 
statement. 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
12.1 
A brief summary 
of all material 
contracts that are 
not entered into 
in the ordinary 
course 
of 
the 
issuer's business, 
which 
could 
result 
in 
any 
group 
member 
being under an 
obligation 
or 
entitlement that 
is material to the 
issuer's ability to 
meet 
its 
obligations 
to 
security holders 
in respect of the 
securities being 
issued. 
- 
346 and 353 
- 
-

--- Page 36 ---
36 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer and the Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, 
the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent listing and admission to trading 
on a regulated market, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base Prospectus to the AMF 
for approval and supply each Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement 
to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in 
the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Bureau Veritas S.A. (the “Issuer”). An agency agreement dated 4 March 2025 (the 
“Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and Société Générale as fiscal agent, paying 
agent, put agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent, and calculation agent for the purpose of the 
Conditions (the “Fiscal Agent”, “Paying Agent”, “Put Agent”, “Redenomination Agent”, “Consolidation 
Agent” and “Calculation Agent”) (which expressions shall, where the context so admits, include any 
successor for the time being as fiscal agent, paying agent, put agent, redenomination agent, consolidation 
agent or calculation agent, as the case may be, and are collectively referred to as the “Agents”). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-
1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held 
by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration 
Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French 
laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”).  
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. 
Title to the Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in 
the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes; and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on 
which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set

--- Page 39 ---
39 
out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which 
such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate established 
by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the 
Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion 
of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations 
of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders 
by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business 
day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which 
it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or 
additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders and 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
principal amount of Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible with 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (except the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche), which will be

--- Page 40 ---
40 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(i) 
Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in registered form, 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, 
be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice 
versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer (engagements chirographaires) and rank and will 
at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not and shall procure that none of 
its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon all or any part 
of the Issuer's or any Principal Subsidiary's present or future undertaking, assets or revenues to 
secure any Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved 
by a Collective Decision in accordance with Condition 11. 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than: (a) those 
which have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to, but excluding, the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable under Condition 5 after such date) have been duly paid 
to the Fiscal Agent, (c) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been 
cancelled as provided in Condition 6 and (d) those in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed under Condition 10. 
(ii) 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
(iii) 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other 
person or entity (present or future) as defined in Article L. 233-1 of the French Code de 
commerce.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(iv) 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for borrowed money of any Person 
which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan 
stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded 
on any stock exchange or in any securities market. 
(v) 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of 
any jurisdiction. 
(vi) 
“Subsidiary” means in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or 
entity (present or future) controlled directly or indirectly by such person or entity within the 
meaning of Article L. 233-3 of the French Code de commerce. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations  
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and 
in the ISDA Definitions have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by the ISDA, as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem or any successor thereto or replacement for that system (“T2”) is 
operating (a “T2 Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the principal financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified, 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is

--- Page 42 ---
42 
365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended,  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the “FBF 
Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date, 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
“ISDA Definitions” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided in each case 
that if the Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any 
successor definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as 
supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, all as 
determined as of the date of the relevant determination, 
“Margin” means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that such 
margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero, 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either 
EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, TONA, SOFR or SARON (or any successor or replacement rate),

--- Page 45 ---
45 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made, 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Reference Rate, 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or 
any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service),  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in advance as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest (“Fixed Coupon Amount”) or a broken amount of interest (“Broken 
Amount”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest 
on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Conditions 5(g) and 5(h). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the 
relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Interest Accrual Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day

--- Page 46 ---
46 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant 
Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an 
“unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the 
application of that Business Day Convention.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined below) as a rate equal to the relevant FBF 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
I. 
the Floating Rate (Taux Variable) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
II. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” 
and “Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, and, “Calculation Agent” means the Calculation Agent or 
any other party (with the necessary expertise and acting independently) 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of

--- Page 47 ---
47 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Applicable Maturity” 
means the period of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and “2006 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined below) as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
I. 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, and, “Calculation Agent” means the 
Calculation Agent or any other party (with the necessary expertise and 
acting independently) responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and “2021 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent ( as defined below) as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
I. 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
II. 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
III. 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
IV. 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
V. 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
VI. 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period; 
VII. 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to “Effective Date” and 
“Period End Date” (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed 
to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); 
and 
VIII. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the relevant Final Terms is 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
- 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring 
Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms, and if so, the applicable 
number of days is either (x) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, and if so, 
the “Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number specified as the 
“Lookback” for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 49 ---
49 
and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms, “Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and the “Observation Period 
Shift” is either (x) as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number specified as the 
“Observation Period Shift” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no 
such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, and if so, 
“Lockout Period Business Day” is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined 
in such sub-paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Compounding with 
Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed Payment”, “Designated 
Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Day”, 
“Lockout”, 
“Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight 
Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in 
Advance” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, and, “Calculation Agent” means the 
Calculation Agent or any other party (with the necessary expertise and 
acting independently) responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms. 
If 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, the provisions relating to “Linear 
Interpolation” set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall apply to an 
ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such purpose, 
references to “Relevant Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
If 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, when the paragraph "Floating Rate 
Option" in the relevant Final Terms provides that the rate of interest will 
be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual Period will, 
where the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on

--- Page 50 ---
50 
the relevant Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of interest 
corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the duration of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the second rate corresponds to a 
maturity immediately superior to the same relevant Interest Accrual 
Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
I. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) 
subject to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, 
be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) as determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other party 
(with the necessary expertise and acting independently) 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms). If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
II. 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph I.(i) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if sub-paragraph I.(ii) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent (or any other party (with the necessary expertise and acting 
independently) responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Final Terms) shall request the principal Euro-zone 
office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
III. 
if paragraph II. above applies and the Calculation Agent (or any other 
party (with the necessary expertise and acting independently) 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Final Terms) determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are 
providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro 
zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
IV. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period, 
will 
be 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(A) below or 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(B) below subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV)(D) below. 
For the purpose of this Conditions 5(c)(iii)(IV), “Calculation Agent” 
means the Calculation Agent or any other party (with the necessary 
expertise and acting independently) responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV) : 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily 
Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(x) 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
 [∏(1 + SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
;  or 
(y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
⌊∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
⌋× 365
𝑑 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
“d” means the number of calendar days in (x) if “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period; 
“do” means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of London

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, or (y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Lookback Period, the number of London Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the day following 
the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Period Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“London Business Day” means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London 
Business Days); 
“ni” means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such London 
Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following London 
Business Day; 
“Observation Lookback Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the 
date falling p London Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is p London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Period Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Reference Day” means each London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period that is not a London 
Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period;  
“SONIA i” means, in respect of a London Business Day i:

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect 
of such London Business Day i; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that 
is a Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Determination Date for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day i; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means:  
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of a London 
Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London 
Business Day falling p London Business Days prior 
to such London Business Day i; or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of a 
London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such 
London Business Day i. 
“SONIA Rate” means, in respect of any London Business 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such London Business Day, as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; and  
“Weighted Average SONIA” means: 
(x) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA 
Rate in respect of each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by 
the number of calendar days during such 
Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes,

--- Page 55 ---
55 
the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; or 
(y) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of the 
SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, provided that, for any calendar day 
of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-
out Period for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar 
day which is not a London Business Day shall, 
subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at the close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or 
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the immediately preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of 
England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the 
SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (subject to the application of the 
relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Accrual Period). 
V. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (as defined below) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
T2 Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined 
below) has occurred, then the €STR for such T2 Business Day shall 
be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
T2 Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate 
of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each 
T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the 
relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall 
be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each 
T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period

--- Page 58 ---
58 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate 
or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph 5(c)(iii)(C)(V): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Calculation Agent or any other 
party (with the necessary expertise and acting independently) 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the 
European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on 
the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central 
Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
1) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 (thirty) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
2) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) 
T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing 
costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the European 
Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as 
provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at 
or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on 
the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business 
Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in 
the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR for the T2 
Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the relevant 
T2 Business Day “i”;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from and including the date falling “p” 
T2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (and the first €STR Observation Period shall begin 
on and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” T2 Business 
Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding 
to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but

--- Page 61 ---
61 
excluding, the immediately following T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of T2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of 
the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu 
or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank. 
VI. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being TONA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily TONA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined below), 
and calculated in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI), 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(A) below and 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(B) below, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI): 
“Calculation Agent” means the Calculation Agent or any other 
party (with the necessary expertise and acting independently) 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Compounded Daily TONA” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for an 
investment in Japanese yen on each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, compounded daily (with the daily 
Tokyo Overnight Average rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest), calculated by the Calculation Agent, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) if “TONA Compound with Lookback” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards;

--- Page 62 ---
62 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number 
is specified, 5 Tokyo Banking Days; 
“ni” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up 
to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
“TONAi” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
“TONAi-pTBD” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONAi 
in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling p Tokyo Banking 
Days prior to such Tokyo Banking Day; 
 
(ii) if “TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖× n𝑖
365
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
“d” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days in such TONA Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, the number 
of Tokyo Banking Days in such TONA Observation Period; 
“I” means, in respect of a TONA Observation Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the Tokyo 
Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Tokyo Banking Day in such TONA Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Dayi up 
to (but excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Relevant 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
number is specified, 5 Relevant Business Days;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
“Relevant Business Day” means a day which is (i) a Tokyo 
Banking Day, (ii) if one or more Observation Shift Business 
Centre(s) (other than T2) are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Observation Shift Business Centre(s) and (iii) if “T2” is specified 
as an Observation Shift Business Centre, a day on which the T2 is 
open;  
“TONA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date that 
is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period;  
“TONAi” means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, TONA in 
respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi;  
“Tokyo Banking Day” means a day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; and 
“TONA” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, being the Tokyo Overnight 
Average (TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or any 
successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day as provided 
by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) in each case as of approximately 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified 
by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate is 
published by the administrator of TONA or an authorised 
distributor and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index Cessation 
Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA last 
provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise published by relevant authorised distributors) that 
appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Bank of 
Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following 
such Tokyo Banking Day. 
(A) Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently corrected 
and provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors of 
TONA and published on the Relevant Screen Page no later than the

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Correction Cut-off Time (if any) or, if later (or there is no such Correction 
Cut-off Time), one hour after the rate for such Tokyo Banking Day is 
published on the Relevant Screen Page, then TONA in respect of such 
Tokyo Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and published rate 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Where: 
“Correction Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such by the 
administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
(B) TONA Fallbacks 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time 
prior to the TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA 
Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in respect of each Tokyo 
Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date, but 
neither the administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the 
JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to the below, in respect of any day 
for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided 
or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which 
the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or 
published TONA.  
If: 
(i) there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date; or  
(ii) there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in respect of 
such JPY Recommended Rate, 
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the 
TONA Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate Fixing 
Day occurring on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date, as the case may be, will be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate, as the case may be, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate implemented 
by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with 
trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) that the Calculation Agent, considers 
sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VI)(B): 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, 
the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the Bank of Japan for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another 
administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that 
rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor 
administrator), published by an authorised distributor in respect of such 
day; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended 
Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate 
would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer 
published or provided;  
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of 
the JPY Recommended Rate:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; or  
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
the central bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the JPY Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; 
“TONA Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of TONA and 
a TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would 
ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer published or 
provided;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
“TONA Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide TONA; or  
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the 
currency of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of TONA, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of TONA or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of TONA, which states that the administrator of 
TONA has ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide TONA; and 
“TONA Reference Time” means, with respect to any determination of 
TONA, 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following the date of such determination. 
VII. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period 
will 
be 
calculated 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(A) or 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(B) below, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate 
of Interest will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “SOFR Compound”, the Rate of 
Interest will be the Compounded Daily SOFR on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined 
below). 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII) :

--- Page 67 ---
67 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Calculation Agent or any other 
party (with the necessary expertise and acting independently) 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each 
calendar day during the Interest Accrual Period, compounded 
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days;  
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi (“pUSBD”), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-
Off Date is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest 
Period Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
(ii) if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date that is the number Observation Shift Days 
prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date in such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi;  
(iii) if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where: 
“dc” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“SOFR Index” means with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as 
published by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the SOFR Index as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website;  
“SOFR IndexFinal” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring 
Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“SOFR IndexInitial” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or, in the case of the first Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date);  
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the 
NY Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page 
designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in 
accordance with the following provisions:  
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that appears 
at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported 
on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on 
the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Screen Page”); or 
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each 
calendar day during such Interest Accrual Period, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent provided that, SOFR in 
respect of each calendar day during the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next 
occurring Interest Period Date will be SOFR on the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, SOFR in respect of any 
calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be 
deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day;  
“SOFR Cut-Off Date” means, unless specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the fourth U.S. Government

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Securities Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period (or such other 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); and  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(“SIFMA”) recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the 
Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the 
provisions set forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D) below 
will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines 
at any time prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR 
Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent 
(the “Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) an affiliate of the Calculation Agent or (z) such 
other independent entity that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role.  
In connection with the determination of the SOFR 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that

--- Page 72 ---
72 
the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR 
Replacement 
and 
any 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution 
have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark 
and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, 
the following definitions shall apply:  
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published 
by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the applicable 
tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event 
with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto; 
“SOFR Benchmark” means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
relevant Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(C) above);  
“SOFR Replacement” means any one (or more) of the 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Calculation Agent, failing which the 
Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to 
the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(b) if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance 
with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and each subsequent Interest Accrual Period, 
subject to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition 
Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
“SOFR Replacement Alternatives” means:  
(a) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
(ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the “Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement”); 
(b) the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment 
(the 
“ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement”); or 
(c) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
“Industry Replacement”); 
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date:  
(a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;  
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time; 
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other 
administrative 
matters) 
that 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is

--- Page 75 ---
75 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition 
of “SOFR Transition Event” the later of (i) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“SOFR Transition Event” the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred 
to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date 
falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be 
deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for 
such determination. 
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of any one 
or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant),

--- Page 76 ---
76 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction over 
the 
administrator for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which 
states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component, 
if 
relevant) 
announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has 
been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(d) the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for six 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
“Unadjusted SOFR Replacement” means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
VIII. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SARON, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the overnight interest rate of the secured funding

--- Page 77 ---
77 
market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other independent financial institution of international repute with 
appropriate expertise responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Independent 
Calculation Adviser”)) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such day “i” up to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking 
Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling a number 
of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to, but 
excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
provided by the SARON Administrator (as defined below) on the 
SARON Screen Page (as defined below) at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; and 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, 
for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
“SARON Screen Page”) at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day and no SARON Index Cessation 
Event and no SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich 
Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator's Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator's Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day 
and both a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date, the SARON shall be the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for that Zurich Banking 
Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the policy rate 
of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the 
“SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
above provisions by the Calculation Agent (or any other 
Independent Calculation Adviser), no SARON Replacement Rate 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON 
Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be

--- Page 79 ---
79 
equal to the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(VIII): 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG or any 
other successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator’s Website” means the website of the 
SARON Administrator; 
“SARON Benchmark Cessation Effective Date” means the 
earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) 
of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the SARON; 
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in subparagraph (v) of the 
definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of such 
statement or publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in 
such statement or publication as the date on which the 
SARON will no longer be representative, and (iii) if a 
SARON Index Cessation Event described either in 
paragraphs (iv) or (vi) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph, the date as 
of which the SARON may no longer be used; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in paragraphs (iv) and (vi) of 
the definition thereof, the date as of which the SARON 
may no longer be used; 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
the SARON ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the SARON Administrator that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the SARON 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the SARON); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON 
Administrator, that the SARON has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON 
Administrator as a consequence of which the SARON 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes; 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
SARON Administrator that the SARON, in the opinion 
of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or that its calculation method has 
significantly changed; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
SARON; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
SARON Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the 
cessation of publication of the SARON, the discontinuation of the 
SARON, or the prohibition of use of the SARON, as the case may 
be, and not the date of the relevant public statement; 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with 
respect to any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the 
spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that 
the 
SARON 
Recommending 
Body 
has 
recommended 
be 
applied 
to 
such 
SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the 
SARON as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not 
recommended such a spread, formula or methodology as 
described in paragraph (i) above, to be applied to such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the SARON with such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other Independent 
Calculation Adviser), acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities 
with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable 
rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that 
has been recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any 
working group or committee in Switzerland organized in the same 
or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc 
Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among 
other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest 
rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the 
“SARON Recommending Body”); 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB 
Policy Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for 
purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year 
period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation 
Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in 
the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign 
exchange transactions. 
IX 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (IX), “Applicable 
Maturity” means the period of time designated in the Reference 
Rate. 
(D) 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any 
time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A) and 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not 
apply to SONIA, €STR, TONA, SOFR and SARON.  
(a) Independent Adviser  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or 
fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
(b) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that: 
1. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
2. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (A) that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(f) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(g) Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Independent Adviser 
has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback 
provisions relating to the Original Reference Rate specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the Rate of Interest determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, will continue to 
apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms). This may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in 
question. 
(h) Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely

--- Page 86 ---
86 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that (i) the 
Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) 
that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder 
using 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); 
or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of 
any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted. 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, 
two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is 
specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
CPI (the “CPI Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
I. On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A), the “Inflation Index 
Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(f)(iii), 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the 
first calendar day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to 
a calendar day (D) (other than the first calendar day) in any given

--- Page 88 ---
88 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month 
(M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference 
Index M-3 + 
D-1 
x (CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3) 
NDM 
With: 
“NDM”: number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in 
the case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M – 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(f)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears 
on 
the 
Agence 
France 
Trésor 
Reuters 
page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> pages and on 
the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In case of doubt in the interpretation of 
the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the 
French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor 
indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer 
price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such 
index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. 
II. The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation 
issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled 
“Inflation linked bonds”. In the event of any conflict between the 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided 
by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the 
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
III.  
(A) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
“Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(indice provisoire) has already been published, such 
index shall automatically be used as the Substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under 
the heading “indice de substitution”. Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the calendar day 
following its release to all calculations taking place 
from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on 
the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
IV. In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a 
different basis will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds 
to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following 
year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
(excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the 
“HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1 ×
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 1
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM – 13
1
12
 
Key = CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Index New Basis
Date D
= CPI Monthly Reference Index Previous Basis
Date D
× Key

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
HICP (the “HICP Linked Interest”) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
I. On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
“Interest Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B), the “Inflation Index 
Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(f)(iii), the 
IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the 
first calendar day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a 
calendar day (D) (other than the first calendar day) in any given month 
(M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) 
and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
With: 
“NDM”: number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(f)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM – 3
+ 
D – 1
NDM
×  HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 2 − HICP Monthly Reference Index M – 3

--- Page 91 ---
91 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
II. The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate 
per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
III.  
(A) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
“Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
1
2 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-13 
 
 
IV. In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes 
for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the 
two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a 
different basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP 
Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March 
of the following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance 
with the following equation:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new 
basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the 
previous basis 
Such that:  
HICP Monthly Reference 
Index 
Date D 
= HICP Monthly 
Reference Index 
Date D 
X 
Key 
New 
Basis 
Previous 
Basis 
 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(j)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, on such due date, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 5(a)). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will the Rate of Interest 
be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. Whether or not a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of interest (including for the avoidance of 
doubt, as adjusted with any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Acquisition Event Redemption Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to 
be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders, 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
(i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual 
Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all 
times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final 
Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement or 
the Calculation Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Make-whole 
Redemption Amount, Acquisition Event Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall

--- Page 94 ---
94 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, 
notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to the satisfaction of any refinancing 
conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any), compliance with all relevant laws 
and regulations and the Issuer's giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five 
(45) calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall be 
irrevocable unless it specifies any refinancing conditions to which the redemption may be 
subject, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to the Relevant Redemption 
Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
The “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” will be calculated by the Calculation Agent and 
will be an amount in the Specified Currency rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being 
rounded upwards) being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the 
Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes up to, but excluding, the Relevant 
Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest rate applicable to the Notes (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes from and including the Issue Date or, as the 
case may be, the scheduled Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-
Whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-Whole Redemption Date)) 
discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in 
the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Principal Amount” means the Specified Denomination of the Notes, subject, as the case 
may be, to any adjustment as described in Condition 6(f). 
The “Redemption Rate” means 
(i) if “Reference Dealer Quotation” is specified as the method of determination 
of the Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the average (rounded to 
the nearest whole multiple of 0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) 
of the five quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-
Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET); or 
(ii) if “Reference Screen Rate” is specified as the method of determination of the 
Redemption Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Security (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 
0.001%, with 0.0005% being rounded upwards) displayed on the relevant 
Reference Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent on the fourth 
(4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 
11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET) or, if the Reference Screen Page is 
not available, Reference Dealer Quotation shall apply. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the 
Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the 
circumstances at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business day 
in Paris preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 13. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the five banks selected by the Calculation Agent which 
are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) a reference bond 
or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount and the Redemption Rate will be notified in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(b). 
The Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for the Issuer or 
the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
forty-five (45) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders and to the Fiscal Agent (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Terms, in part, at par, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (their 
“Optional Redemption Amount”), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, at any time during the period starting on (and including) the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms and which 
shall be no earlier than hundred and eighty (180) calendar days before the Maturity Date) 
and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date.  
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 75% or more of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include 
any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche 
of a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, at its option but subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-
five (45) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 and to the Fiscal Agent (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes in that Series at par, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (their “Optional Redemption Amount”), 
together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption.  
This Clean-up Call Option shall not be exercised within the 12 months following the 
exercise of a partial redemption by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer) or Condition 6(h) (Redemption on Acquisition Event). 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five 
(45) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, in 
whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date, as the case may be, at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption. Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption shall be effected 
by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all 
Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed), subject to 
compliance with any other applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
Any partial redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in 
which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance

--- Page 97 ---
97 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority and/or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading a 
notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice 
period. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed 
to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised 
and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the 
prior consent of the Issuer.  
(h) 
Redemption on Acquisition Event: If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders within the 
Acquisition Notice Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), at its option, redeem, 
in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes of the relevant 
Series then outstanding at the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for 
redemption. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. Concurrently with the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(h), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred.  
For the purposes of this Condition:  
an “Acquisition Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if on or prior to the Acquisition 
Completion Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Issuer (i) has not completed 
and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or (ii) has publicly announced that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of 
the Acquisition Target. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control:  
If a Put Option in case of Change of Control (as defined below) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below) occurs, each 
Noteholder will have the option (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control 
Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption under 
Condition 6(k) (Redemption for tax reasons)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, repurchase all or part of the Notes held by such Noteholder on the Change

--- Page 98 ---
98 
of Control Put Date (as defined below) at their Optional Redemption Amount as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued up to but excluding such date of 
redemption or repurchase. Such option (the “Put Option in case of Change of Control”) 
shall operate as set out below. 
(A) A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(iii) any person (other than the Controlling Shareholder) or group of persons (other 
than the Controlling Shareholder) acting in concert directly own (or indirectly 
through the Control of the direct owners) equity share capital of the Issuer 
having the right (through ownership, agreement or otherwise) to cast (a) more 
votes capable of being cast in general meetings of the Issuer than those of the 
Controlling Shareholder and (b) more than one third (1/3rd) of the votes 
capable of being cast in general meetings of the Issuer (a “Change of 
Control”); and 
(iv) on the date notified to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13 that is the earlier of (a) the date of the first public announcement 
of the result (avis de résultat) by the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) 
or by the Issuer of the Change of Control; and (b) the date of the earliest 
relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (the “Relevant 
Announcement Date”), the Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of 
the Issuer carry from Moody’s or any of its respective successors or affiliates 
to the rating business thereof, or any other rating agency of equivalent 
international standing (each, a “Rating Agency”), in each case solicited by 
the Issuer:  
(x) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or their equivalent for the 
time being, or better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is, within 
the Change of Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment 
grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent for the time being, or worse) 
or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating 
Agency; or 
(y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or their equivalent for the 
time being, or worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within 
the Change of Control Period either downgraded by one or more notches 
(for illustration, Ba1/BB+ to Ba2/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and 
is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its 
earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
1. any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency referred to in (x) or 
(y) above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control or potential Change of Control if such 
Rating Agency does not publicly announce or confirm that such 
decision was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or

--- Page 99 ---
99 
circumstance relating to such Change of Control or potential Change 
of Control; and 
2. if on the Relevant Announcement Date neither the Notes nor the 
senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer is rated by a Rating 
Agency, and no Rating Agency assigns within the Change of Control 
Period an investment grade rating to the Notes or the senior unsecured 
long-term debt of the Issuer, a Change of Control Put Event will be 
deemed to have occurred. 
(B) Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 specifying the nature of the 
Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the option contained 
in this Condition. 
(C) If a Put Option in case of Change of Control occurs, any Noteholder which 
requires the redemption or repurchase of Notes must transfer or cause to be 
transferred the Notes to be so redeemed or repurchased to the account of any 
Paying Agent and deliver to the Issuer a duly completed or repurchase notice in 
writing (a “Change of Control Put Notice”), in which such Noteholder will 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this paragraph, 
within the period (the “Change of Control Put Period”) of sixty (60) calendar 
days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given (except where (i) the 
Noteholder gives the Issuer written notice of the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Put Event of which it is aware and (ii) the Issuer fails to give a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to the Noteholders by close of business of the third (3rd) 
Business Day after the receipt of such notice from the Noteholder, in which case 
the Change of Control Put Period will start from such third Business Day and will 
end on the day falling sixty (60) calendar days thereafter). 
A Change of Control Put Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall 
redeem or repurchase the Notes in respect of which the Put Option in case of 
Change of Control has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to 
the transfer of the Notes, on the date which is seven (7) calendar days following 
the end of the Change of Control Put Period (the “Change of Control Put Date”). 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made by transfer to the bank account 
specified in the Change of Control Put Notice. 
(D) For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date, and ending 180 calendar days (inclusive) after the 
occurrence of the relevant Change of Control (or such longer period for which the 
Notes or the senior unsecured long-term debt of the Issuer are under consideration 
(such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 120 
calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control) for rating 
review or, as the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to 
exceed 60 calendar days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
and

--- Page 100 ---
100 
“Control” means, for the purposes only of the definitions of “Change of Control” 
and “Controlling Shareholder Affiliate”, the right, directly or indirectly through 
agreement or otherwise, (a) to cast in general meetings of a given person fifty (50) 
per cent. or more of the votes capable of being cast in general meetings of such 
person so long as no other person has any right (by agreement or otherwise) to 
direct the activities of such person or consent to the exercise of any voting right 
in respect of the activities of such person in general meetings of such person or 
(b) to appoint or remove all, or the majority, of the directors or other equivalent 
officers of such person and “Controlled” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Controlling Shareholder” means: 
(a) 
Wendel SE, a societas europaea incorporated under the laws of France 
and governed by European provisions, having its registered office at 4, 
rue Paul Cézanne, 75008 Paris, France, registered with the Registre du 
commerce et des sociétés of Paris under number 572 174 035;  
(b) 
Wendel-Participations SE, a societas europaea incorporated under the 
laws of France and governed by European provisions, having its registered 
office at 4, rue Paul Cézanne, 75008 Paris, France, registered with the 
Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Paris under number 379 690 167; 
and/or 
(c) 
any of their Controlling Shareholder Affiliates. 
“Controlling Shareholder Affiliate” means, with respect to any person set out in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Controlling Shareholder (“Person 1”), 
a Person which Controls Person 1, is Controlled by Person 1, or is under the 
Control of another Person which Controls Person 1. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement 
or statement by the Issuer or by any actual or potential bidder(s) relating to a 
potential Change of Control. 
(j) 
Optional Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 
6(g), 6(h), 6(i), 6(k) and 6(o) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption Amount, of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption 
Amount, an Early Redemption Amount, a Make-Whole Redemption

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Amount or an Acquisition Event Redemption Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant 
to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(g), 6(h), 6(i), 6(k) and 6(o) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, 
the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Acquisition Event Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the 
Acquisition Event Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provide that Condition 6(l) shall apply in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption 
of such Notes pursuant to Condition 6(k) or Condition 6(o) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, or the Optional 
Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
“Early Redemption Amount” or “Optional Redemption Amount” = IIR 
x nominal amount of the Notes. 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the 
fifth (5th) Business Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) 
if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the 
Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, 
the Notes will be redeemed at par.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(l) applies) fall to 
be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will 
pay the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption 
of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the relevant 
Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(k) 
or 6(o), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of France 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) subject to having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-
five (45) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, 
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, 
but excluding, the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 8(b) below and if such payments are or would become prohibited by 
French law and if the obligation to make such additional payments cannot be 
avoided by reasonable measures of the Issuer, then the Issuer shall forthwith give 
notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes then outstanding at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption

--- Page 103 ---
103 
pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if that 
date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(l) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes (“Inflation Linked Redemption”) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition 6(l) the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the 
HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
(m) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries shall have the right at all times to purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price and in any quantity subject to the 
applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is 
expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may 
be held and resold in accordance with French laws and regulations. 
(n) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be 
cancelled by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear 
France and, if so transferred, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Notes). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(o) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful 
for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than fifteen (15) nor less than forty-five (45) 
calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 13, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments  
(a) 
Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account

--- Page 104 ---
104 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and, (in the case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and 
the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and/or to appoint another Fiscal Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and 
additional or other Paying Agents, Fiscal Agent, Redenomination Agent Consolidation 
Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
(including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long 
as the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case 
of Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may 
be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed or admitted 
to trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to

--- Page 105 ---
105 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which Euroclear France is open for business, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and 
(C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), 
which is a T2 Business Day.  
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If, pursuant to French law or regulation, payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note become subject to withholding or 
deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the 
Noteholders, after such withholding or deduction, will receive the full amount then due and 
payable thereon in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that 
the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any Note to, 
or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection 
with France other than the mere holding of such Note. 
Any references in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under the provisions of this Condition 8. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11), upon written notice of any 
Noteholder, will, upon written notice to the Issuer, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by 
such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable, at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued since the last Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, since the 
relevant Issue Date) preceding the early redemption date and until the date of effective redemption 
(excluded), if any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, unless such Events 
of Default have been cured by the Issuer prior to the receipt of such notice: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on the 
due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes 
within fifteen (15) calendar days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the due performance or observance of 
any other material obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains

--- Page 106 ---
106 
unremedied for thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by the Issuer of a written notice 
by the Representative of the Masse of such default; or  
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiaries:  
(i) 
any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period, or  
(ii) 
any such indebtedness for borrowed money becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity or as a result of an event of default (however described)), or  
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any guarantee of any indebtedness for borrowed money, 
provided that the amount of indebtedness for borrowed money referred to in sub-paragraph 
(i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee referred 
to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds Euro 150,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to 
its debts or (ii) a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or 
for the transfer of the whole of the business (cessation totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer 
or (iii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency 
or bankruptcy proceedings or is granted a moratorium of payments or (iv) the Issuer makes 
any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of, or enters into a 
composition with, all or a substantial number of its creditors with a view to a restructuring 
or rescheduling of its indebtedness; or 
(f) 
Change in general nature of the Issuer' s business: the Issuer makes any change to the 
general nature of its business, from that carried on at the relevant Issue Date, provided such 
change has a material adverse effect on the capacity of the Issuer to perform or comply 
with its obligations under the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
“Material Subsidiary” means Bureau Veritas Holding Inc. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for the payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) and five (5) 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce with the exception of Articles L. 228-59, L. 228-65 I. 1°, 3° (only to the extent that such 
proposal relates to a merger or demerger with or into another entity of the Group), 4° and 6°, L. 
228-65 II., L. 228-71, L. 228-72, R. 228-61, R. 228-69, R. 228-79 and R. 228-80 of the French Code 
de commerce, subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective 
Decisions”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of 
appointment of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. 
In the event of death, liquidation, dissolution, retirement, resignation or revocation of 
appointment of the alternate Representative (if any), another Representative will be elected 
through a Collective Decision. Another Representative may be appointed. The appointment of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, shall automatically cease on the 
Maturity Date, or total redemption prior to the Maturity Date. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer.  
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the “Written Decision”) (as further described in 
Condition 11(iv)(b) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 13(d). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 
(a) General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding, may address to 
the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the relevant Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-
third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meetings or represented thereat, it being specified that abstentions, blank or invalid 
votes shall not be counted for the purpose of the calculation of such majority. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13(d) not less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than 
five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, by correspondence or videoconference or any other means of 
telecommunications allowing the identification of the participating Noteholders as 
provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at

--- Page 109 ---
109 
any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence 
of a Representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present 
or represented at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the 
provisions of Article L. 228-64 of the French Code de commerce, designate a 
provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed. 
(b) Written Decision 
 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will be published as provided 
under Condition 13(d) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed 
for the passing of such Written Decision on first notice and five (5) days prior to 
such date on second notice (the “Written Decision Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits 
to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to 
dispose of their Notes until after the Written Decision Date. 
 
A Written Decision will be deemed to have been approved if, on first notice, (i) 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection of a proposed Written Decision 
hold at least one fifth (1/5) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval of such proposed 
Written Decision hold at least two-third (2/3) of such quorum. 
 
If such quorum is not met, a Written Decision will be deemed to have been 
approved if, on second notice, Noteholders expressing their approval represent at 
least two-thirds (2/3) of the principal amount of the Notes held by Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. 
It is specified that any Noteholder (i) abstaining or not expressing any approval or 
rejection to such proposed Written Decision or (ii) not complying with the 
conditions of form and time-limits contained in the Written Decision notice, shall 
not be taken into account for the purpose of the calculation of the majority as 
described above. 
Approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with 
the Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce (“Electronic Consent”). 
Any Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution 
passed at a General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Decisions may be 
contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or 
on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders and shall be published in accordance 
with Condition 13(d).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
(c)  Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
relating to Noteholders’ consultations 
The provisions of Articles L. 228-65 I. 1°, 3° (without prejudice of Condition 4), 
4° and 6° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior 
approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any change in the 
corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) of any proposal to merge or demerge 
the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L. 236-14 and L. 236-23 of the French 
Code de commerce (only to the extent that such proposal relates to a merger or 
demerger with or into another entity of the Group), (iii) of any issue of bonds 
benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit to the 
Masse (without prejudice of Condition 4) and (v) of any proposal to transfer the 
registered office of a société européenne to another EU member state) and the 
related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
 
(v) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated 
that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse.  
(vii) 
Sole Noteholder 
 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes 
of such Series. 
(viii) Notice to the Noteholders 
 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13(d) below. 
(ix) 
Outstanding Notes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those 
Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that are held by 
it and not cancelled. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create 
and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series with the Notes

--- Page 111 ---
111 
provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects save for Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of interest and the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar 
days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are 
mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market 
so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of 
any other Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.  
(d) 
In addition, notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the 
Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-61 and R. 236-79 of 
the French Code de commerce or generally required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice 
required by Conditions 13(a) and 13(b) above; except that so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so

--- Page 112 ---
112 
require, on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are 
admitted to trading, or as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer 
for its general corporate purposes or as otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue 
of Notes for which there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds 
for acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms will also state the potential use for general financing requirements if the Acquisition Event 
occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the Acquisition Event Call Option.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
For a general description of the Issuer and the Group, please refer to the sections of the 2023 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2024 Half-Year Financial Report referred to in the cross-reference table appearing in the section 
headed “Documents incorporated by reference” above.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
Based on the latest regulated information published on 10 February 2025 on the Issuer's website in relation to the 
number of shares and voting rights in accordance with applicable regulation, the share capital of the Issuer amounts 
to €54,501,578.40 as at 31 January 2025.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 4 March 2025 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Dealers, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the 
Dealer(s). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, 
as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as 
agent(s) of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
 
General 
 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer of any of the Notes to retail investors, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
France 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the 
offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes.  
United States 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such an 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or 
to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other relevant laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Canada  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes in Canada other than to 
purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National 
Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable

--- Page 119 ---
119 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. 
Singapore  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be “prescribed capital markets” products (as defined in the 
SF (CMP) Regulations) and “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients only, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 2 3 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID 
II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or superseded (“IDD”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
 
 
1 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”) — In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “SF (CMP) Regulations”), the Issuer has 
determined the classification of the Notes as [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] 
(as defined in the SF (CMP) Regulations) and [Specified Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]4 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
BUREAU VERITAS S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500TPU5T3HA5D1F11 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 4 March 2025 which received approval no. 25-057 on 4 March 2025 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [⚫] which received approval no. [⚫] 
 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in 
Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
on [⚫] from the AMF which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on 
the website of the Issuer (https://group.bureauveritas.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the relevant 
Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 Issuer: 
Bureau Veritas S.A. 
(2) 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
(3) 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[⚫]5 
(4) 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
(5) 
 Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
(6) 
 Specified Denomination(s): 
[⚫] (one denomination only)6 
(7) 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
 
 
5  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
6  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(9) 
 Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[specify particular reference 
rate][EURIBOR/SOFR/€STR/SONIA/TONA/SARON] 
+/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI/HICP] Linked 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
(11) 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer]  
[Acquisition Event Call Option]  
[Put Option in case of Change of Control] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
  
 
(12) 
 Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration of the Issuer 
dated [⚫] deciding the issue of the Notes]/[⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) PAYABLE 
 
(13) 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ other (specify)] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [commencing on [⚫] and ending on [⚫] 
[[the Maturity Date]/[⚫]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[⚫] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 /Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(vi) Determination 
Dates 
(Condition 
5(a)): 
[[⚫] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity 
Date in the case of a long or short first or last Coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(14) 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Accrual Period(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] in each year [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[⚫] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[⚫] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫] (specifiy any other party) 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation:  
[Applicable/Not applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest accrual period)] 
 
(x) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[⚫]/[EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR/SONIA/TONA/SARON]  
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[⚫] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page:  
[⚫](in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
[In the case of SOFR and €STR, delete this paragraph]]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[- Reference Banks (when the 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
is 
not 
available): 
 
[⚫][In the case of SOFR, SONIA, TONA, SARON and 
€STR, delete this paragraph]] 
 
[- Calculation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: [TONA 
Compound: [TONA Compound with Lookback]/[TONA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift]] 
 
[- Observation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]] 
 
[- Lookback Period: 
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[ U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[T2 Business Days]/ [Tokyo 
Banking 
Days]/ 
[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR 
(where the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR Compound with Lookback) or TONA (where the 
Calculation Method is TONA Compound with Lookback) 
and ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts include 
amounts in respect of accrued interest.)] 
 
[- Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
[Observation Shift Business Centre(s): [specify]] 
[[specify] Relevant Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and the 
Calculation 
Method 
is 
TONA 
Compound 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[[specify] Zurich Banking Day(s)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SARON)

--- Page 126 ---
126 
– 
[- SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must apply 
where the Calculation Method is SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean) 
 
[- SOFR Replacement Alternatives 
Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
listed 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(VII)(D).]] 
 
[- ISDA Definitions:  
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[⚫] (only applicable in the case of SOFR or SONIA or 
€STR) / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[⚫] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
[⚫]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 [ – Calculation Period: 
[⚫] 
 
– Fixing Day: 
[⚫] 
 
– Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [⚫] 
 
– Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) / [⚫] 
 
– Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days 
shall be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
– OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
– Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
– Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
– Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[⚫] 
 
– Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
 
– 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] ] 
 
 
 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)]/[⚫] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[⚫] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 
5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 /Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(15) 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 
6(j)(i)):  
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 /Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis]  
(16) 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions 
relating to CPI or HICP Linked 
Interest 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index:  
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [⚫]) 
 
(vi) Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 /Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
(viii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[⚫] per cent. per annum (such rate to 
be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(viii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(17) 
 
Call Option (Condition 6(e)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) Notice period7: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
(18) 
 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:8 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) Similar Security: 
(v) 
Method of determination of the 
Redemption Rate: 
(vi) Reference Screen Page: 
(vii) Redemption Margin:  
[As per the Conditions]/[⚫] 
[Reference Dealer Quotation]/[Reference Screen Rate] 
 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
[⚫] 
(19) 
 
Acquisition 
Event 
Call 
Option 
(Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(ix) Acquisition Target: 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
Acquisition Completion Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) Acquisition 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes 
 
(xii) If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination] 
 
Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[⚫]/[the Issue Date]] to [[⚫]/the 
Acquisition Completion Date] 
 
 
7  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
8 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(20) 
 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option 
(Condition 6(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date:  [[30/90/180] calendar days](Insert number of days 
before Maturity Date as from which option is 
exercisable)  
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
 
(iii) Notice period9:  
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
 
(iv) If redeemable in part: 
 
[- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the items below) 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination 
[⚫] per Specified Denomination] 
(21) 
 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [⚫] 
(22) 
 
Put Option (Condition 6(g)) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
(iii) Notice period10: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination] 
[As per the Conditions] / [⚫] 
(23) 
 
Put Option in case of Change of Control 
(Condition 6(i)) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination] 
(24) 
 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
 
9  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
10 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(l) applies] 
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [⚫]) 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(25) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination]] 
(26) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(k)), for illegality (Condition 
6(o)) or for an event of default (Condition 
9): 
[[⚫] per Note [of [⚫] Specified Denomination]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(27) 
 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether] [bearer 
form (au porteur) / administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) / fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [/if Applicable give name 
and details] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to fully registered Notes only) 
 
(iii) [Exclusion of the possibility to 
request 
identification 
of 
the 
Noteholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
(28) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(d)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph, 14(ii) and 
(15(vi) relate) 
(29) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
(30) 
 
Purchase in accordance with Article L. 
213-0-1 and D. 213-0-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(31) 
 
[Masse (Condition 11):  
[Name and address of the Representative: [⚫] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [⚫]]]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration.]/[The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [⚫].] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder and 
unless a Representative has been appointed for such 
Series, it shall exercise all rights and obligations 
assigned by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting of the Noteholders. A Representative will be 
appointed as soon as the Notes are held by several 
Noteholders.]]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [the Issuer Date]/[⚫].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant 
regulated market]] with effect from [⚫].] [Not 
Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated/The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]]: [⚫].] 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [⚫]] 
[Other: [⚫]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include 
appropriate 
Credit 
Rating 
Agency 
Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] applied 
for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority.]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”)]. As such, [Insert credit rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with CRA 
Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and [has/have 
each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).] [However, 
certain 
of 
[it/their respective] 
affiliates 
are 
established in the European Union and registered 
under CRA Regulation by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation). Such affiliates endorse 
the ratings of [insert credit rating agency/ies] for use 
for regulatory purposes in the European Union.]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealer(s)] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
[(i) Use of proceeds: 
 
[⚫]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes] 
 
* (See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus. If an 
Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable, 
specify (i) the use of proceeds for acquisition consideration, 
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, and (ii) the potential use 
for general financing requirements if the Acquisition Event occurs 
but the Issuer elects not to use the Acquisition Event Call Option. 
If reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, will need to include those reasons here.)]  
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[⚫]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/€STR/TONA/SARON/[⚫]
] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charges from 
[Reuters/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/[⚫]] which is provided by [⚫]. 
[As at [⚫], [⚫] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]] 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING] 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published [[monthly] / [●]] by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques.] / [Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (excluding

--- Page 137 ---
137 
tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) 
(“HICP”) as calculated and published [[monthly / [●]] by Eurostat.]] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and where past and future performances can be obtained, 
[but not free of charge], from: [●]/ [give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of volatility 
and performance]. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes. The rules of the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 do not 
apply to the Notes. 
(v) 
[Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]11 
 
 
11  Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. Indicate 
“Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are 
also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Approval by the AMF, Listing and Admission to Trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 4 March 2026 provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. Application may be made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and application 
may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member State of 
the EEA. 
2 
Corporate Authorisations 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) 
under French law, require the prior authorisation of the Conseil d’administration of the Issuer in accordance 
with Article L. 228-40 of the French Code de commerce.  
For that purpose and during its meeting held on 12 December 2024, the Conseil d’administration of the 
Issuer has delegated to the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) of the Issuer and the EVP Finance 
Groupe of the Issuer (acting separately) the power to issue Notes up to a maximum nominal amount of 1 
billion euros in aggregate for a period of one year commencing on 12 December 2024.  
3 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Except as disclosed in item 11.3.1 of the cross-reference table in the section headed “Documents 
incorporated by reference” of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had during twelve 
(12) months preceding the date of this document, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer, or the Group nor is the Issuer aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened.  
4 
No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and the Group since the date of its 
last audited consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023. 
5 
No Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 
31 December 2024. 
6 
No Conflicts of Interest 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the Conseil d'administration of the Issuer and the Directeur Général of the Issuer and their 
private interests and or other duties.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
7 
Clearing of the Notes 
Notes may be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.  
The Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The Notes which 
are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed with the Registration Agent. The address of Euroclear 
France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. The address of any alternative clearing system 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8 
Material contracts 
Except as disclosed in item 12.1 of the cross-reference table in the section headed “Documents incorporated 
by reference” of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary 
course of the Issuer's business, which could result in any member of the Issuer's group being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in 
respect of the Notes being issued.  
9 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (https://group.bureauveritas.com):  
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be available, 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) below on the website 
of the Issuer (https://group.bureauveritas.com):  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(ii) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or are offered to 
the public in France and/or in any Member State of the European Economic Area so long as such 
Notes are outstanding; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
10 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine and Ernst & Young Audit, 1-2 
place des Saisons, Paris La Défense 1, 92400 Courbevoie are the statutory auditors of the Issuer and have 
(i) audited the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 and rendered unqualified audit reports thereon and (ii) reviewed the condensed half-year 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 and rendered a 
review report. The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Ernst & Young Audit are members of the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre and are regulated by the Haute autorité de l'audit. 
11 
Yield  
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
12 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
13 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates (including their 
parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and/or 
other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities 
issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary course of their business, (i) engage in 
investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage 
business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection 
with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial advisers 
to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, the Dealers have or may 
hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, it has or will receive 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions.  
The Dealers, the Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, the Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.  
14 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016,

--- Page 142 ---
142 
as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, it being specified that SONIA, SOFR, TONA 
and €STR are outside the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation, in accordance with the provisions of Article 
2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, and their administrators are not subject to the requirements of approval or 
registration of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
15 
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 969500TPU5T3HA5D1F11.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1.1. 
Persons responsible for the Prospectus 
Bureau Veritas S.A., Immeuble Newtime, 40/52 Boulevard du Parc, 92200 Neuilly sur Seine, France. 
1.2.  
Declaration by persons responsible for the Prospectus 
To the best of Bureau Veritas S.A.'s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bureau Veritas S.A. 
Duly represented by Bruno Chambriard, VP Group Treasurer 
 
Dated 4 March 2025 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The approval does not 
imply verification of the accuracy of this information by the AMF. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 4 March 2025 and is valid until 4 March 2026 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 25-057.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
  
BUREAU VERITAS S.A. 
Immeuble Newtime 
40/52 Boulevard du Parc 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
Arranger and Dealer 
NATIXIS 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
BANCO SANTANDER S.A. 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
BARCLAYS BANK IRELAND PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BOFA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
CREDIT INDUSTRIEL ET COMMERCIAL S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris cedex 09 
France 
HSBC CONTINENTAL EUROPE 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
ING BANK N.V., BELGIAN BRANCH 
Avenue Marnix 24  
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
MIZUHO SECURITIES EUROPE GMBH  
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NATWEST MARKETS N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UNICREDIT BANK GMBH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent

--- Page 145 ---
145 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
32 rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
Statutory Auditors to the Issuer 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS AUDIT  
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
ERNST &YOUNG AUDIT 
1-2 place des Saisons 
Paris La Défense 1 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer as to French law: 
 
HERBERT SMITH FREEHILLS PARIS LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
To the Dealers as to French law: 
 
ALLEN OVERY SHEARMAN STERLING LLP 
32, rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France