--- Page 1 ---
BURGAN SENIOR SPC LIMITED 
(incorporated as a special purpose company with limited liability in the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
BURGAN BANK K.P.S.C. 
(a public shareholding company incorporated in the State of Kuwait) 
U.S.$1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$1,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Burgan Senior SPC Limited (the Issuer) may 
from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor (as defined below) 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. 
(the Bank or the Guarantor).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$1,500,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe to such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank of Ireland), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Bank or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) 
and to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market). The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or on another regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or 
which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
and have been admitted to the Official List or, as the case may be, another MiFID II regulated market.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out 
in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext 
Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form or with terms and conditions not contemplated by the 
conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The Bank has a long-term rating of BBB+ and a short-term rating of A-2 from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P); a long-
term rating of Baa1 and a short-term rating of P-2 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. (Moody's); and a long-term rating of A+ and a 
short-term rating of F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited (Fitch). The Programme has been assigned a long-term senior unsecured rating of 
Baa1 by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (Moody's Cyprus) and a long-term senior unsecured rating of A+ and a short-term 
rating of F1 by Fitch.  
Each of Fitch and Moody's is established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Fitch 
and Moody's are not established in the EEA and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. The ratings of Moody's are endorsed by Moody's Cyprus in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's Cyprus are established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's Cyprus are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation.  
Each of S&P and Moody’s Cyprus is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, 
each of S&P and Moody's Cyprus is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at  
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's Cyprus 
and S&P are not established in the UK. The ratings issued by Moody's Cyprus have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Ltd is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings assigned by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the UK and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, the ratings issued by Moody's Cyprus and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme or Notes already issued by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, LIBID, LIBOR, SHIBOR, HIBOR, 
SIBOR, KLIBOR, EIBOR, SAIBOR, BBSW, JPY LIBOR, PRIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, TIBOR or SOFR, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR, SIBOR, BBSW, and 
PRIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of LIBID, LIBOR, SHIBOR, HIBOR, KLIBOR, EIBOR, 
SAIBOR, JPY LIBOR, CNH HIBOR, TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, TIBOR and SOFR are not included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, KLIBOR, EIBOR and SOFR do not 
fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the ICE Benchmark Administration, China 
Foreign Exchange Trade System, Treasury Markets Association, Refinitiv, JBA TIBOR Administration, and the Banks Association of 
Turkey are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union and United Kingdom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
Arrangers 
 
HSBC                                                       Standard Chartered Bank 
 
Dealers 
Citigroup  
Emirates NBD Capital  
First Abu Dhabi Bank  
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 September 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
i  
 
 
Important Information 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used 
in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each of the Issuer and the Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Bank 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arrangers have independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers or the Arrangers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by any Dealer or the Arrangers or the Issuer or the Bank in connection with the Programme. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Dealer accepts any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise, 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement, including in relation to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Bank in connection 
with the Programme or the issue or offering of Notes thereunder. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or the Bank or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Bank or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Bank. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Bank or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Bank is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Bank during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of 
any information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
Securities Act) and the Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. If a jurisdiction requires that 
the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer or any affiliate of a Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer 
in that jurisdiction the offering shall be deemed to be made by that Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer and the 
Bank in such jurisdiction. The Issuer, the Bank and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Bank or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any

--- Page 4 ---
ii  
 
 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the 
United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong, the United Arab Emirates (the UAE) (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (Saudi Arabia), the Kingdom of 
Bahrain (Bahrain), the State of Qatar (Qatar) (including the Qatar Financial Centre), the State of Kuwait (Kuwait) and 
Singapore (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to 
that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor may wish to 
consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
No comment is made or advice given by the Issuer, the Bank, the Dealers or the Agents (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") in respect of taxation matters relating to any Notes or the legality of the purchase of the Notes 
by an investor under any applicable law or regulation.  
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, LEGAL 
ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS AND RELATED MATTERS 
CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF ANY NOTES.

--- Page 5 ---
iii  
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the consolidated statement of financial position, the consolidated statement of income, the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and the consolidated statement of cash flows information included in 
this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group) has been derived: 
• 
in the case of the unaudited financial information as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020, from the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information as at and 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021 together with the notes thereto and the review report thereon (the 2021 
Interim Financial Statements); 
• 
in the case of the financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2019, from the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the notes thereto and the audit report thereon (the 2020 Annual Financial 
Statements); and 
• 
in the case of the financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018, from the audited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 together with the notes thereto 
and the audit report thereon (the 2019 Annual Financial Statements, and together with the 2020 Annual 
Financial Statements, the Annual Financial Statements and together with the 2021 Interim Financial 
Statements, the Financial Statements). 
Basis of Preparation for 2021 Interim Financial Statements 
The 2021 Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference herein, were prepared in accordance with 
IAS 34: Interim Financial Reporting, except as noted below.  
The accounting policies used in the preparation of the 2021 Interim Financial Statements are consistent with those used 
in the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, except for the amendments to IFRS (Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 
2: amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16) which are effective for annual accounting periods 
starting from 1 January 2021, and accounting for modification loss in response to COVID-19 in accordance with 
instructions issued by the Central Bank of Kuwait (the CBK). As per the CBK regulations, modification loss on financial 
assets arising from any other payment holidays to customers are to be recognised in the profit or loss in accordance with 
IFRS 9. In addition, all modification losses incurred after the year ended 31 December 2020 are to be recognised in the 
profit or loss (for further information, see note 2.1 to the 2021 Interim Financial Statements).  
Basis of Preparation for 2020 Annual Financial Statements 
The 2020 Annual Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference herein, were prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted for use by Kuwait pursuant to regulations for financial 
services institutions published by the CBK. These regulations, including the recently issued CBK circulars on regulatory 
measures in response to COVID-19 and related CBK communications, require: 
• 
expected credit loss (ECL) to be measured at the higher of the ECL on credit facilities computed under IFRS 9 
in accordance with the CBK guidelines or the provisions as required by CBK instructions along with its 
consequent impact on related disclosures; and  
• 
recognition of modification losses on financial assets arising from payment holidays to customers in response to 
COVID-19 to be recognised in retained earnings instead of profit or loss as required by IFRS 9.

--- Page 6 ---
iv  
 
 
The Group applied amendments to IFRS 3, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IAS 1, IAS 8, IAS 39 and the Conceptual Framework for 
Financial Reporting effective from 1 January 2020. For further information see note 2 to the 2020 Annual Financial 
Statements. 
Basis of Preparation for 2019 Annual Financial Statements 
The accounting policies used in the preparation of the 2019 Annual Financial Statements are consistent with those used 
in the 2020 Annual Financial Statements (except for the amendments to IFRS 3, IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and IAS 1, IAS 8, IAS 
39 effective from 1 January 2020 and the recognition of modification losses on financial assets arising from payment 
holidays to customers in response to COVID-19). 
The Group adopted IFRS 16: Leases, effective from 1 January 2019. From 2019, the reporting date of subsidiaries is a 
date not earlier than one month from the Group reporting date. For further information see note 2 of the 2019 Annual 
Financial Statements. 
The 2020 and 2019 Annual Financial Statements have been jointly audited by Ernst & Young (Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & 
Partners) (EY Kuwait) and RSM (Albazie & Co.) (RSM Kuwait) as stated in their report incorporated by reference 
herein. The 2021 Interim Financial Statements have been jointly reviewed by KPMG (Safi Al Mutawa & Partners) 
(KPMG Kuwait) and RSM Kuwait, in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, "Review 
of interim financial information performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity" as stated in their report incorporated 
by reference herein. 
The Bank publishes its financial statements in Kuwaiti dinars (KD). As at 30 June 2021, the Kuwaiti dinar was valued at 
KD 0.301050 to one U.S. dollar and the U.S. dollar was valued at 3.321707 to one KD. 
Currency 
The financial information of the Bank's subsidiaries has been presented in this Base Prospectus in Algerian dinar (DZD), 
Iraqi dinar (IQD), U.S. dollars (U.S.$) and Turkish lira (TRY). The table below shows the profit and loss rate and the 
statement of financial position rate for each of the above currencies to the Kuwaiti dinar for the periods indicated below. 
The profit and loss rate is the average exchange rate over the respective year ended 31 December or six month period 
ended 30 June 2021 for each of the relevant currencies. The statement of financial position rate is the exchange rate at the 
end of the relevant period for the relevant currencies. 
 
 
As at / six 
months ended 
30 June 
As at / year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Rates for DZD to KD 
 
 
 
 
Profit and loss  ............................................
0.002262 
0.002408 
0.002543 
0.002589 
Statement of Financial Position  .................
0.002243 
0.002294 
0.002546 
0.002562 
Rates for IQD to KD 
 
 
 
 
Profit and loss  ............................................
0.000207 
0.000253 
0.000255 
0.000254 
Statement of Financial Position  .................
0.000206 
0.000208 
0.000254 
0.000254 
Rates for U.S.$ to KD 
 
 
 
 
Profit and loss  ............................................
0.301633 
0.306171 
0.303617 
0.302029 
Statement of Financial Position  .................
0.301050 
0.303250 
0.303050 
0.303300 
Rates for TRY to KD 
 
 
 
 
Profit and loss  ............................................
0.038185 
0.043875 
0.053971 
0.064352 
Statement of Financial Position  .................
0.035167 
0.041050 
0.051299 
0.057909

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
 
Non-GAAP measures 
This Base Prospectus also includes certain references to measures which are not calculated through generally 
accepted accounting principles (Non-GAAP measures), such as the Group's capital base and risk weighted 
assets. The Bank uses these Non-GAAP measures to evaluate its performance, and this additional financial 
information is presented in this Base Prospectus. This information is not prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
should be viewed as supplemental to the consolidated financial statements. Investors are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on this information and should note that the capital base and risk weighted assets, as calculated 
by the Bank may differ materially from similarly titled measures reported by other banks, including the Bank's 
competitors. See also "Presentation of Alternative Performance Measures" below. 
Certain conventions 
The Bank's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are, 
unless otherwise indicated, to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. These 
percentages are calculated based on the amounts reported in the Bank's or its subsidiaries' financial statements. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to U.S. dollars, 
U.S.$, USD and United States dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, its territories 
and possessions and references to KD and Kuwaiti dinars are to the lawful currency of Kuwait. 
PRESENTATION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In this Base Prospectus, the Bank uses the following metrics in the analysis of its business and financial 
position. These metrics constitute alternative performance measures (APMs) as defined in the European 
Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the ESMA Guidelines). 
For further information, see "Selected Financial Information". 
APMs are presented in this Base Prospectus because the Bank considers them an important supplemental 
measure of the Bank's operating performance and financial position and the Bank believes these may be used by 
securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of banks in the banking industry.  
 
Metric 
Definition and method of calculation 
Rational for inclusion 
Return on average assets 
Profit for the year or annualised profit for 
the period attributable to equity holders 
of the Bank divided by average total 
assets (calculated as a simple average of 
the opening and closing balances of total 
assets for the relevant year or period). 
Performance 
measure. 
The 
ratio 
shows how many KD of earnings the 
Bank derives from each KD of assets 
it controls.

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
 
Metric 
Definition and method of calculation 
Rational for inclusion 
Return on average equity 
Profit for the year or annualised profit for 
the period attributable to equity holders 
of the Bank divided by average equity 
(calculated as a simple average of the 
opening and closing balances of total 
equity attributable to the equity holders 
of the Bank for the relevant year or 
period). 
Performance measure. The ratio is a 
measure of the profitability of the 
Bank's business in relation to the 
book value of shareholders' equity, 
also known as net assets or assets 
minus liabilities. The ratio is a 
measure of how well the Bank uses 
shareholders' 
equity 
to 
generate 
earnings growth. 
Net interest margin 
Net interest income for the year or 
annualised net interest income for the 
period 
divided 
by 
average 
interest 
earning assets2. 
Performance measure. A positive 
figure denotes that the Bank's returns 
on interest earning assets exceed its 
interest expenses. 
Net interest spread 
Yield (interest income for the year or 
annualised interest income for the period 
/ average interest earning assets1) less 
cost of funds (interest expenses for the 
year or annualised interest expenses for 
the period / average interest bearing 
liabilities2). 
Performance measure. A positive 
figure denotes that the Bank's lending 
rates exceed its borrowing rates. 
Cost to income 
Total operating expenses (being the sum 
of staff expenses and other expenses) 
divided by operating income. 
Performance 
measure. 
A 
lower 
percentage indicates that operating 
expenses are low relative to operating 
income. 
Total operating expenses 
to average total assets 
Total operating expenses (being the sum 
of staff expenses and other expenses) for 
the year or annualised total operating 
expenses for the period divided by 
average total assets (calculated as a 
simple average of the opening and 
closing balances of total assets for the 
relevant year or period). 
Performance 
measure. 
A 
lower 
percentage indicates that operating 
expenses are low relative to the 
Bank's average assets during the 
financial year or period. 
Non-performing loans to 
cash exposure 
Non-performing loans divided by cash 
exposure3. 
Asset quality measure. 
Risk provision to non-
performing loans 
Provisions for credit losses divided by 
non-performing loans. 
Asset quality measure. The ratio 
shows total provisions which the 
Bank has built in respect of its non-
performing loans. 
                                                     
1  
Interest earning assets comprise all assets excluding other assets, property and equipment and intangible assets. Average interest 
earning assets is calculated as a simple average of the opening and closing balances of interest earning assets for the relevant year 
or period. 
2  
Interest bearing liabilities comprises due to banks, due to other financial institutions, deposits from customers and other borrowed 
funds. Average interest bearing liabilities is calculated as a simple average of the opening and closing balances of interest bearing 
liabilities for the relevant year or period. 
3  
Cash exposure comprises cash credit facilities to customers, other financial institutions (OFIs) and banks (excluding 
placements).

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
 
 
Metric 
Definition and method of calculation 
Rational for inclusion 
Non-performing loans net 
of 
collateral 
to 
cash 
exposure 
Non-performing loans (net of collateral) 
divided by cash exposure3. 
Asset quality measure. 
Non-performing assets to 
total exposure 
Non-performing assets divided by total 
exposure4. 
Asset quality measure. 
Risk provision to non-
performing assets 
Provisions for credit losses divided by 
non-performing assets. 
Asset quality measure. The ratio 
shows total provisions which the 
Bank has built in respect of its non-
performing assets. 
Non-performing assets net 
of 
collateral 
to 
total 
exposure 
Non-performing assets (net of collateral) 
divided by total exposure4.  
Asset quality measure. 
Coverage Ratio 
Sum of provisions for credit losses and 
collateral divided by non-performing 
loans. 
Asset quality measure. The ratio 
shows total provisions and collateral 
which the Bank has built in respect of 
its non-performing loans. 
Cost of Credit 
Provision for credit losses for the year or 
annualised provision for credit losses for 
the period divided by gross loans and 
advances to customers. 
Asset quality measure. 
Loans 
to 
customer 
deposits 
Loans and advances to customers divided 
by customer deposits. 
Liquidity measure. The loan to 
deposit ratio is used to assess the 
liquidity position of the Bank. A ratio 
of less than one implies that the Bank 
has relied on funds deposited by 
customers 
to 
make 
loans 
and 
advances. A ratio of more than one 
implies that the Bank has extended 
loans and advances from funds 
borrowed by it in addition to deposits. 
Loans to total assets 
Loans and advances to customers divided 
by total assets. 
Liquidity measure. A high percentage 
indicates that the Bank is highly 
leveraged and its liquidity is low. 
Total assets to total equity 
Total assets divided by total equity 
attributable to the equity holders of the 
Bank. 
Liquidity measure. A high percentage 
indicates that the Bank is highly 
leveraged. 
Total liabilities to total 
equity 
Total liabilities divided by total equity 
attributable to the equity holders of the 
Bank. 
Liquidity measure. A high percentage 
indicates that the Bank is highly 
leveraged. 
                                                     
4  
Total exposure comprises cash and non-cash credit facilities to customers, OFIs and banks (excluding placements).

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
 
 
Metric 
Definition and method of calculation 
Rational for inclusion 
Liquidity ratio 
The sum of cash and cash equivalents, 
treasury bills and bonds with CBK and 
others, and due from banks and other 
financial institutions divided by total 
assets. 
Liquidity measure. A high percentage 
indicates higher liquidity. 
 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The APMs are not measurements of the 
Bank's operating performance or liquidity under IFRS and should not be used instead of, or considered as 
alternatives to, any measures of performance under IFRS or as measures of the Bank's liquidity under IFRS. 
These APMs relate to the reporting periods described in this Base Prospectus and are not intended to be 
predictive of future results. In addition, other entities, including those in the banking industry, may calculate 
similarly titled APMs differently from the Bank. Because entities do not calculate these APMs in the same 
manner, the Bank’s presentation of such APMs may not be comparable to other similarly titled APMs used by 
other entities.

--- Page 11 ---
ix 
 
 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted 
under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority of the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the Capital Markets Authority). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base 
Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any 
part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the Notes issued under the Programme should conduct their own 
due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If you do not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus and related 
offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and accredited investors as defined 
by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment 
of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may 
determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the terms of Article 
(81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus and 
related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no 
securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor will this Base 
Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe 
or purchase securities, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited 
investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.  
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and it has not in 
any way considered the merits of the securities to be offered for investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of 
Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever 
arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Notes will be made to 
the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be 
issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act 
(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the 
remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities 
legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR  
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering.  This Base Prospectus 
has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock 
Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, in accordance with 
their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including in the Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are 
not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange.  The Notes and interests therein will not be offered to investors

--- Page 12 ---
x 
 
 
domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the 
Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under any laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KUWAIT 
Unless all necessary approvals from the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority (the CMA) pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010, 
and its executive bylaws (each as amended) (the CML Rules), together with the various resolutions, regulations, 
directives and instructions issued pursuant thereto, or in connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature), or any other 
applicable regulation in Kuwait, have been given in respect of the marketing of, and sale of, the Notes (the CMA 
Approval), the Notes may not be offered for sale, nor sold, in Kuwait.  
This Base Prospectus is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait nor will the Notes be sold by way of a public 
offering in Kuwait. In the event where the Notes are intended to be purchased onshore in Kuwait pursuant to a CMA 
Approval, the same may only be so purchased through a licensed person duly authorised to undertake such activity 
pursuant to the CML Rules. Investors from Kuwait acknowledge that the CMA and all other regulatory bodies in Kuwait 
assume no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus and do not approve the contents thereof or 
verify the validity and accuracy of its contents. The CMA, and all other regulatory bodies in Kuwait, assume no 
responsibility whatsoever for any damages that may result from relying (in whole or in part) on the contents of this Base 
Prospectus. Prior to purchasing any Notes, it is recommended that a prospective holder of any Notes seeks professional 
advice from its advisors in respect to the contents of this Base Prospectus so as to determine the suitability of purchasing 
the Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is

--- Page 13 ---
xi 
 
 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 14 ---
CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
Risk Factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................. 27 
Overview of the Programme.............................................................................................................................. 28 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................... 33 
Form of the Notes .............................................................................................................................................. 67 
Applicable Final Terms ..................................................................................................................................... 70 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................. 82 
Description of the Issuer .................................................................................................................................... 83 
Selected Financial Information .......................................................................................................................... 85 
Description of the Bank ..................................................................................................................................... 98 
Overview of Kuwait ........................................................................................................................................ 163 
Banking Industry and Regulation in Kuwait ................................................................................................... 167 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................................................... 172 
Subscription and Sale ...................................................................................................................................... 175 
General Information ........................................................................................................................................ 181

--- Page 15 ---
1 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuer and the Bank believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme or under the Guarantee, respectively. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes are also described below.  
Each of the Issuer and the Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes, but the inability of either the Issuer or the Bank to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes or to pay any amount in respect of the Guarantee, respectively, may occur for other reasons 
and the Issuer and the Bank make no representation that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The Issuer has a limited operating history and no material assets  
The Issuer is a special purpose company with limited liability, incorporated under the laws of the Dubai International 
Financial Centre on 3 November 2015 and, accordingly, save for the issuance of U.S.$ 500,000,000 3.125 per cent. Fixed 
Rate Notes due 2021 on 14 September 2016 under the Programme, only has a limited operating history. The Issuer does 
not have any other income except payments received from the Bank in respect of loans, which will be the only material 
source of funds available to meet claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer is subject to all the 
risks to which the Guarantor is subject, to the extent such risks could limit the Guarantor's ability to satisfy in full and on 
a timely basis its obligations to the Issuer under any such loans. See "— Factors that may affect the Bank's ability, in its 
capacity as Guarantor, to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee". 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE BANK'S ABILITY, IN ITS CAPACITY AS GUARANTOR, TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES AND/OR THE GUARANTEE  
The Bank may experience a higher level of customer and counterparty defaults arising from adverse changes in credit 
and recoverability that are inherent in the Bank's business 
Risks arising from a deterioration in the credit quality and the recoverability of amounts due from borrowers and 
counterparties are inherent in banking businesses. While the Bank has detailed policies to deal with overdue loans, there 
can be no assurance that these policies will result in the full or partial recovery of its overdue loans. As at 30 June 2021, 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, non-performing loans (net of collateral) amounted to 1.2 
per cent., 0.8 per cent., 0.4 per cent. and 0.7 per cent., respectively, of the Bank's cash exposure. A substantial increase in 
loan losses would have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects. 
Credit risks could also arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific borrowers and counterparties of the Bank 
or from adverse changes in global and regional economic conditions, or adverse changes which arise from systemic risks 
in the financial systems, which could affect the recovery and value of the Bank's assets and require an increase in the 
Bank's provisions. Adverse fluctuations in the factors mentioned above, amongst others, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Economic, political and related considerations 
The Bank's operations are focused on the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey (MENAT) region. While its primary 
operations are based in Kuwait, the Bank also operates through subsidiaries in Algeria, Iraq, Tunisia and Turkey. As of

--- Page 16 ---
2 
 
 
30 June 2021, the Bank’s subsidiary in Iraq has been classified as a "disposal group held for sale" in the 2020 Annual 
Financial Statements, see "Recent Developments — Bank of Baghdad Disposal". See "Description of the Bank — Key 
Subsidiaries" for further details on the contribution of the Bank’s subsidiaries to the assets and income of the Group. The 
Bank's operations are thus exposed to geo-political risks associated with the relatively unstable MENAT region which 
could adversely affect its performance. The demand for services provided by the Bank and its subsidiaries is particularly 
susceptible to adverse changes in economic and market conditions in the MENAT region. 
Kuwait's economy remains exposed to both external and internal shocks, including volatility in oil prices, political, 
economic and related developments in Kuwait, the other Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries (i.e. Bahrain, 
Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE) and the MENAT region, but also resulting from political and economic 
instability in surrounding countries such as Iran and Iraq. These risks include, but are not limited to, external acts of 
warfare, civil clashes, terrorist activity, natural disasters, and regulatory, taxation and legal structure changes.  
The oil sector is the principal contributor to Kuwait's economy and oil revenues account for the majority of the Kuwaiti 
government's (the Government) total revenues and export earnings. According to the Central Statistics Bureau (the 
CSB), the oil sector (excluding refining) accounted for 53.8 per cent., 53.1 per cent. and 51.1 per cent. of Kuwait's real 
gross domestic product (GDP) in 2018, 2019 and 2020. The oil sector continues to be the main contributor to Kuwait's 
annual revenues, accounting for 75.0 per cent. of total Government revenues for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021 and 
89.3 per cent. of total Government revenues for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2020, according to the Kuwait Ministry 
of Finance. Accordingly, Kuwait's economy is significantly impacted by, and is dependent upon, international oil prices. 
The  price  of  the  Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)  reference  basket  has  fluctuated  
significantly  in  recent  years;  since  June  2014, international crude oil prices fell from a high monthly average OPEC 
reference basket price per barrel of U.S.$108 to a monthly average price of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016, subsequently 
recovering U.S.$65.09 in January 2020. In early March 2020, in response to the decreasing demand for oil as a result of 
the spread of COVID-19, OPEC officials proposed a plan to the members of OPEC, including Kuwait, and other non-
OPEC member countries, including Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a 
three-year partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to 
extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. In March 
2020, Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. However, in early April 
2020, 'OPEC plus' announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day, however 
this action failed to support sufficiently the oil market with prices falling in the days following that announcement. This 
agreement was extended further in July 2020 to December 2020. As a result of the above factors and the COVID-19 
outbreak weakening the demand for oil, the OPEC reference basket price fell significantly. Furthermore, certain oil prices 
turned negative during April 2020 (with the West Texas Intermediate benchmark falling as low as minus U.S.$37.63 a 
barrel), as weakened demand led to buyers being paid to take oil due to storage capacity concerns. On 9 February 2021, 
the OPEC reference basket rose to U.S.$60.28, rising above the U.S.$60.00 threshold for the first time since the start of  
the  COVID-19  pandemic. A series of meetings took place in April 2020 between OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing 
countries participating in the Declaration of Cooperation, which culminated in an agreement to reduce their overall oil 
production in stages between 1 May 2020 and 30 April 2022.  
On 3 December 2020, a subsequent meeting took place between the OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries 
participating in the Declaration of Cooperation. In light of current oil market fundamentals and the outlook for 2021, it 
was agreed that beginning in January 2021, participating countries would voluntarily reduce production by 0.5 million 
barrels a day and hold monthly OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial meetings to assess market conditions and decide on 
further production adjustments for the following months. In July 2021, the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia 
agreed that the baseline production of the United Arab Emirates will rise to 3.65 million barrels per day after the current 
pact expires in April 2022. However, there can be no assurance that these agreements will continue to be implemented by 
all relevant parties or achieve its stated goals or what effect the agreements will have on oil prices in the short to medium 
term. 
Based on statistics published by the CSB, Kuwait's nominal GDP fell by 4.1 per cent. in 2016 before growing by 10.8 per 
cent. in 2017, 16.0 per cent. in 2018 and falling by 3.8 per cent. in 2019 and 18.6 per cent. in 2020. Kuwait's real GDP

--- Page 17 ---
3 
 
 
grew by 2.9 per cent in 2016, fell by 4.7 per cent. in 2017, grew by 1.2 per cent. in 2018 and 0.4 per cent. in 2019 before 
falling 9.7 per cent. in 2020. According to preliminary International Monetary Fund (IMF) data (as of April 2021), 
Kuwait's real GDP declined by 8.1 per cent. in 2020 and is projected to increase by 0.7 per cent. in 2021. Kuwait's 
current account balance was also impacted, recording a deficit of KD 1.5 billion in 2016 before recovering to surpluses of 
KD 2.9 billion in 2017, KD 6.0 billion in 2018, KD 6.7 billion in 2019 and KD 0.3 billion as at 30 June 2020, according 
to the CBK. The Kuwaiti Government also recorded fiscal deficits in each fiscal year from and including 2015/2016 to 
and including 2019/2020, according to the Kuwait Ministry of Finance. The official Kuwaiti budget for 2020/2021, as 
published by the Kuwait Ministry of Finance, projects a deficit of KD 14.1 billion, although this is based upon an oil 
price assumption of U.S.$30 per barrel. The Kuwait Ministry of Finance has recently approved a budget for the fiscal 
year 2021/2022 projecting a deficit of KD 12.1 billion based on an oil price of U.S.$45.00 per barrel. The budget is 
expansionary with spending expected to increase by 7 per cent. over the previous year. Capital expenditures are targeted 
to be KD 3.5 billion.  
Any sustained period of low crude oil prices will negatively affect Kuwait's economy. For example, the Government 
reduced Government expenditure by undertaking a process of rationalisation of its subsidy framework, fully removing 
kerosene and diesel subsidies in January 2015, introducing new electricity and water tariff structures to reduce the related 
subsidies and partially removing gasoline subsidies in September 2016. The subsidy structure may be further reviewed in 
light of the drop in oil prices in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Ancillary industrial activities related to oil and gas 
exploration and production may be negatively affected by any sustained period of low oil prices. Furthermore, sectors 
that are dependent on Government consumption may also be adversely affected by lower levels of economic activity that 
may result from reduced Government revenue from oil and gas production. Additionally, although the CBK has the 
ability to adjust the components of the undisclosed weighted basket of international currencies of Kuwait's major trade 
and financial partner countries (the Kuwaiti Dinar Basket) against which the KD is pegged, there can be no assurance 
that the CBK will maintain the Kuwaiti Dinar Basket at its current level, which could lead to higher inflation, and 
negatively affect confidence in the Kuwaiti economy.  
See "Risks relating to Kuwait and the MENAT region — The Bank's subsidiaries are located in a region that is subject 
to ongoing political and security concerns" below for further details on how developments in the operating environments 
of the Bank's subsidiaries may adversely affect its performance. 
The business and results of operations of the Bank and its subsidiaries and the market price of the Notes are influenced 
by economic and market conditions in Kuwait and the jurisdictions in which the Bank's subsidiaries are located and, to 
a varying degree, economic and market conditions in the global markets generally. Developments in the subsidiaries' 
operating environments could have a material adverse effect on the Bank and its subsidiaries' business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. Additionally, global financial crises and volatility in the emerging markets 
in the past have adversely affected market prices in the world's securities markets for companies that operate in 
developing economies. Even if the Kuwaiti economy, and/or the economies of the jurisdictions in which the Bank's 
subsidiaries are located, remain relatively stable, financial turmoil in emerging markets and globally could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank and its subsidiaries' business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects 
and the market price of the Notes. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to economic 
volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in sporadic 
volatility in global financial markets. The coronavirus known as COVID-19 was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei 
Province, China in late 2019 and spread to most countries around the world. In March 2020, the U.S., certain EU 
Member States and countries in the Middle East, including Kuwait, have imposed varying levels of entry and other 
restrictions, which aimed to reduce in-person interactions. These measures, while designed to slow the spread of 
COVID-19, resulted in significant reductions in economic activity globally. It is currently unclear how long existing 
restrictions will be in place, the duration of possible future restrictions and what their ultimate impact will be on global 
and local economies.

--- Page 18 ---
4 
 
 
According to the World Bank, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, created 
significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, decreased interest/profit rates and has pushed over 80 million 
people into extreme poverty in 2020. In addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many businesses 
and the institution of social distancing and sheltering-in-place requirements in many states and communities. The 
curfews and lockdown measures in Kuwait and certain other markets, together with slower economic activity, 
especially during the second quarter of 2020, had a significant adverse impact on the Bank. The decrease in interest 
rates resulted in a reduction in the Bank’s interest margins while lower transaction volumes resulted in lower fees and 
commission income.  
The COVID-19 pandemic is on-going - there is a significant risk of recurring outbreaks in affected countries and 
possible future mutations in the virus may prove difficult to contain. For example, many countries in Europe 
reintroduced full or partial lockdowns in late 2020 and early 2021 in order to stem the "second wave" of higher 
infection rates. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Bank's business, results of operations, and 
financial condition, as well as the Bank's regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, 
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken 
by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. The Bank may be forced to consider 
adjustments to specific elements of its operations and/or customer exposures including loan tenor extensions or 
adjustments to financing and credit card instalments. Any material change in the financial markets, the Kuwaiti 
economy or the global economy as a result of these events or developments may have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition. It should be noted that the impact of COVID-19, 
including actions taken to contain it, might heighten many of the other risks noted within these Risk Factors, including 
through increasing both the probability of negative impact as well as the severity of such impact. 
Security interests or loan guarantees provided in favour of the Bank may not be sufficient to cover any losses and may 
not be legally enforceable 
The practice of pledging assets (such as share portfolios and real estate assets) to obtain a bank loan is subject to certain 
limitations and administrative restrictions under Kuwaiti law. In particular, such security may not be enforced without a 
court order. As a result, security over certain pledged assets may not be enforced in Kuwaiti courts. Accordingly, the 
Bank may have difficulty foreclosing on collateral (including any real estate collateral) or enforcing guarantees or other 
third-party credit support arrangements when debtors default on their loans. 
In addition, even if such security interests are enforceable in Kuwaiti courts, the time and costs associated with enforcing 
security interests in Kuwait may make it uneconomic for the Bank to pursue such proceedings, adversely affecting the 
Bank's ability to recover its loan losses. 
The Bank typically requires additional collateral in the form of cash and/or other assets in situations where the Bank may 
not be able to exercise rights over pledged shares or where it enters into guarantees or other third-party credit support 
arrangements for loans made to individuals and corporations. Any decline in the value or liquidity of such collateral may 
prevent the Bank from foreclosing on such collateral for its full value or at all in the event that a borrower becomes 
insolvent and enters bankruptcy, and could thereby adversely affect the Bank's ability to recover the full amounts 
advanced to the borrower. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Lending base concentration risk 
A substantial proportion of the Bank's total loan portfolio constitutes loan exposures to related parties, see "Ownership 
concentration and related party exposures" below. As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank's top 10 largest 
loans accounted for 25.5 per cent. and 24.4 per cent., respectively, of its "gross loans and advances to customers plus due 
from other financial institutions". Of these loans, 89.1 per cent. and 85.0 per cent., as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 
2020, respectively, (representing 22.7 per cent. and 20.7 per cent. of "gross loans and advances to customers plus due

--- Page 19 ---
5 
 
 
from other financial institutions" as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively) were made to related parties. 
In addition, the Bank has a high concentration of loans provided within Kuwait and has substantial exposure to the real 
estate sector, mainly in Kuwait, which as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 accounted for 
23.8 per cent., 21.4 per cent. and 17.6 per cent., respectively, of "gross loans and advances to customers plus due from 
other financial institutions". 
The Bank has cash exposure to local investment companies, as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2018 of 0.9 per cent., 0.8 per cent, 1.1 per cent. and 1.2 per cent., respectively, of "gross loans and 
advances to customers plus due from other financial institutions".  
As at 31 December 2020, retail loans made up 7.9 per cent. and corporate loans made up 92.1 per cent. of the Bank's 
aggregate loan portfolio, 74.3 per cent. of which comprises loans issued to individuals or corporates in Kuwait. 
If Kuwait experiences adverse economic or geopolitical conditions generally or any crisis in the real estate sector more 
specifically, then this may affect the repayment ability of a large proportion of the Bank's borrowers, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Deposit base concentration risk 
As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank received 79.7 per cent. and 77.9 per cent. (KD 4,660.5 million and 
KD 4,701.6 million), respectively, of its total funding1 from deposits (retail, corporate, government and non-bank 
financial institutions). As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank's top 10 largest deposits accounted for 26.9 
per cent. and 32.4 per cent., respectively, of these deposits. As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank's top 
depositor represented 8.8 per cent. and 9.3 per cent., respectively, of these deposits. 
The Bank's funding includes institutional, government and quasi-governmental entities' deposits in Kuwait which are 
contracted on a commercial basis. As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank's total funding from deposits by 
government and quasi-governmental entities accounted for 5.8 per cent. and 7.3 per cent., respectively, of its total 
deposits in Kuwait (or 4.3 per cent. and 5.5 per cent. of the Group's total deposits as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 
2020, respectively). These funds have been a stable source of funding to the Kuwaiti banking sector for many years but 
there can be no assurance that deposits from government and quasi-governmental entities will be available at the current 
level in the future. The loss of a significant source of funding could increase the Bank's cost of funding by requiring it to 
seek funding from other expensive sources and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CBK guarantees all banks' retail and corporate customer deposits in Kuwait. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, as they fall 
due. This could arise from, amongst other factors, the inability of the Bank to anticipate and provide for an unforeseen 
decrease or changes in funding sources. 
In common with other banks in Kuwait and the MENAT region, the Bank has historically relied substantially on 
customer deposits to meet most of its funding needs. Such deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors 
outside the Bank's control, such as any possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, which could result in a 
significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. If such outflows of deposits were to occur, it could cause 
liquidity difficulties for the Bank, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. 
                                                     
1  
Total funding refers to total liabilities excluding liabilities directly associated with the disposal group held for sale as at 30 June 2021 and 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 20 ---
6 
 
 
The Bank's liquidity may also be adversely affected by a number of factors, including significant unforeseen changes in 
interest rates, ratings downgrades, maturity mismatches between the Bank's funding and assets, higher than anticipated 
losses on investments and disruptions in the financial markets generally which in turn may result in the Bank not being 
able to access the markets from which it raises funds at favourable rates. 
Should any of the abovementioned factors materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Changes in interest rate levels may affect the Bank's net interest margins and borrowing costs, and the value of assets 
sensitive to interest rates and spread changes may be adversely affected 
The Bank is exposed to unexpected fluctuations in market interest rates. An increase in interest rates generally may 
decrease the value of the Bank's fixed rate loans and raise the Bank's funding costs. Such an increase could also generally 
decrease the value of fixed rate debt securities in the Bank's securities portfolio. Volatility in interest rates may result in a 
pricing gap between the Bank's interest-rate sensitive assets and its liabilities. As a result, the Bank may incur additional 
costs in raising and maintaining capital. Interest rates react to many factors beyond the Bank's control, including, for 
example, the policies of central banks, political factors and domestic and international economic conditions. Any adverse 
effects of future interest rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects. 
Deterioration in the market value of the Bank's securities portfolio may affect the values of the Bank's investment and 
trading portfolios. The Bank's income from securities operations depends on numerous factors beyond its control, such as 
overall market trading activity, interest rate levels, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and general market volatility. 
The Bank also engages, to a limited extent, in foreign currency transactions and maintains open currency positions in 
relation to a number of currencies, which give rise to currency risks. 
Future changes in foreign currency and interest rate risks may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations or prospects. See "Description of the Bank — Risk Management – Market Risk". 
If the Bank is unable to effectively control the level of, or successfully restructure, its non-performing loans with 
debtors in financial distress, or if its provision for credit losses are insufficient to cover loan losses the Bank's 
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected 
The Bank's asset quality deteriorated during the six months ended 30 June 2021 as compared to the years ended 31 
December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. Non-performing assets (net of collateral) were 1.1 per cent. 
of total exposure as at 30 June 2021 as compared to 0.8 per cent., 0.4 per cent. and 0.7 per cent. of total exposure as at 31 
December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. Current levels of non-performing assets may 
not be indicative of future trends.  
The Bank's coverage ratio declined to 193.4 per cent. as at 30 June 2021 as compared to 212.8 per cent., 282.8 per cent. 
and 240.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. There can be no 
assurance that the coverage ratio will increase in the future and affect the financial results of the Bank. Any further 
decrease in the coverage ratio may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects. 
As at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, non-performing loans amounted to 
4.5 per cent., 4.2 per cent., 2.5 per cent. and 2.7 per cent., respectively, of the Bank's cash exposure before provision for 
credit losses.  
The Bank has significant credit-related contingent liabilities and commitments that may lead to potential losses 
As part of its normal banking business, the Bank issues guarantees, letters of credit and acceptances which are accounted 
for off the Bank's balance sheet until such time as they are actually funded or cancelled. In addition, the Bank makes 
irrevocable commitments to advance credit to its customers. Although these commitments are contingent, they

--- Page 21 ---
7 
 
 
nonetheless subject the Bank to both credit and liquidity risks. As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, 
the Bank had KD 1,888.8 million and KD 1,811.0 million in such contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding, 
equal to 30.8 per cent. and 29.4 per cent. of its combined loans and advances to customers and contingent liabilities. 
Although the Bank anticipates that only a portion of its obligations in respect of these commitments will be triggered and 
funds itself accordingly, the Bank may need to make payments in respect of a greater portion of such commitments, 
particularly in cases where there has been a general deterioration in market conditions. This would result in the Bank 
needing to obtain additional funding, potentially at relatively short notice, which could have an adverse effect on its 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial institutions and 
counterparties 
Against a backdrop of potential constraints on liquidity and high cost of funds in the interbank lending market, and given 
the high level of interdependence between financial institutions that became most evident following the bankruptcy of 
Lehman Brothers in 2008, the Bank is subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or 
perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one 
institution could lead to significant losses, and potentially defaults, by other institutions. As was experienced in 2008 and 
2009, concerns about, or a default by, one institution could also lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults 
by other institutions, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a 
result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions 
about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Bank or other institutions. 
This risk, often referred to as "systemic risk", may also adversely affect other financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, with whom the Bank interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk, 
should it materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's ability to raise new funding and on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
A downgrade in the Bank's credit ratings   
The Bank's credit ratings by the major credit rating agencies are intended to measure the probability of its ability to meet 
its debt obligations as they mature and thus are an important factor in determining the Bank's cost of borrowing funds and 
the amount of funding it could raise. The cost of funding of the Bank's borrowings is partly dependent on its credit 
ratings. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank had the following ratings: 
• 
Standard & Poor's: BBB+ for long-term issuer credit, A-2 for short-term counterparty credit, with a negative 
outlook; 
• 
Moody's: Baa1 for long-term bank deposits and P-2 for short-term debt deposits, with a stable outlook; and 
• 
Fitch: A+ for long-term issuer default with a negative outlook and F1 for short-term issuer default. 
Further increases in non-performing loans or a deterioration in the Bank's balance sheet could cause a downgrade in 
the Bank's credit ratings or cause the Bank to be placed on a negative ratings watch. A downgrade of the Bank's credit 
ratings, or being placed on a negative ratings watch, may increase its cost of borrowing which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects and its relationship with 
creditors. 
Furthermore, in determining the Bank's credit rating, the credit rating agencies consider anticipated support from the 
Government. If the Government's credit rating is downgraded or is placed on a negative ratings watch or there is a change 
in anticipated support from the Government for the Bank, this may have a consequential impact on the Bank's own credit 
rating. 
Any potential future downgrade of the Bank's credit ratings (or announcement of a negative ratings watch) may also limit 
its or its subsidiaries' ability to raise capital. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in the Bank's credit ratings may

--- Page 22 ---
8 
 
 
affect the market price of the Notes. Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
The Bank's risk management and internal controls may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks, which 
could result in material losses 
In the course of its business activities, the Bank is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of which are credit 
risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. See "Description of the Bank – Risk Management". Investors should 
note that any failure to adequately control these risks could result in material adverse effects on the Bank's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects, as well as its general reputation in the market. 
The Bank's risk management techniques may not be fully effective or consistently implemented in mitigating its exposure 
in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. Some of the 
Bank's methods of managing risk are based upon its use of historical market behaviour. These methods may not always 
predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than such historical measures indicate. Other risk 
management practices, including "know your client" practices, depend upon the evaluation of information regarding the 
markets in which the Bank operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise 
accessible to the Bank. As such practices are less developed in the GCC than they are in other markets and may not have 
been consistently and thoroughly implemented in the past, this information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or 
properly evaluated in all cases. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank's risk management and internal control policies and procedures will adequately 
control, or protect the Bank against, all credit, liquidity, market and other risks. In addition, certain risks could be greater 
than the Bank's empirical data would otherwise indicate. The Bank also cannot give assurance that all of its staff have 
adhered or will adhere to its risk policies and procedures. 
The Bank is susceptible to, amongst other things, failure of internal processes or systems, unauthorised transactions by 
employees and operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors, or errors resulting from faulty computer or 
telecommunications systems, and fraud by employees or outsiders. The Bank's risk management and internal control 
capabilities are also limited by the information tools and technologies available to it. Any material deficiency in the 
Bank's risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose it to significant credit, liquidity, 
market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Neither the Government nor the Kuwaiti Investment Authority is under any obligation to invest in, or otherwise 
engage in business with, the Bank 
In response to the global economic crisis, the Government and the CBK introduced a number of measures to provide 
support to the Kuwaiti economy (see "Banking Industry and Regulation in Kuwait – Central Bank of Kuwait" and "–
Financial Stability Law and Deposit Guarantee Law"). In addition, the Kuwait Investment Authority (the KIA), in 2009, 
acquired a 16 per cent. stake in Gulf Bank (K.S.C.) (Gulf Bank) as part of a rescue plan after the bank posted heavy 
losses from derivatives trading in the previous year.  
More recently, in April 2020, the CBK announced a regulatory stimulus package for local banks to counter the 
repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CBK adjusted its regulatory instructions and macro-prudential policy 
tools to enhance the ability of the Kuwaiti banks to provide financing to productive economic sectors and offer liquidity 
to help businesses continue operations (see "Banking Industry and Regulation in Kuwait — Bank Supervision"). 
Although the Government, the CBK and the KIA have supported the domestic banking industry during the global 
economic crisis of 2008 and 2009 and the COVID-19 pandemic of 2020, there can be no assurance that such support will 
be provided to the Bank or the domestic banking industry generally if another major economic disruption were to occur 
in the future.

--- Page 23 ---
9 
 
 
Foreign exchange movements 
The Bank maintains its accounts and reports its results in KD. Since May 2007, the KD has been pegged to an 
undisclosed weighted basket of international currencies. The undisclosed weighted basket of currencies is calculated 
using various national currencies, reflecting the foreign trade and financial relations of Kuwait. However, with the 
removal of the previous peg to the U.S. dollar, relative flexibility has been achieved in exchange rate determination. 
The Bank is exposed to the potential impact of any alteration to, or abolition of, this foreign exchange "peg" as well as 
potential volatility of the constituent basket currencies. 
Ownership concentration and related party exposures 
The Bank's shares are listed on the Boursa Kuwait (previously known as the Kuwait Stock Exchange). As at 30 June 
2021, Kuwait Projects Company Holding K.S.C.P. (KIPCO) held a direct shareholding interest of 41.2 per cent. in the 
Bank and a consolidated interest (including shares held through other KIPCO group companies) of 64.5 per cent. in the 
Bank, Public Institute for Social Security held 7.6 per cent. and the remainder of the shares were publicly held.  
While KIPCO has a controlling interest in a diversified range of financial services and media companies in the GCC 
region, there is no assurance that KIPCO will maintain the existing levels of its shareholding in the Bank, nor that 
KIPCO will continue its support of the Bank through future injections of capital or deposits with the Bank where 
necessary. Any change in the controlling interest by KIPCO may have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects of the Bank. 
While the Bank does not have any loan exposure to KIPCO or its other main shareholder, it does have exposures to other 
members of the KIPCO group and other related parties of the KIPCO group. As at 30 June 2021, the aggregate of loan 
exposures to such related parties represented 19.1 per cent. of the total loan portfolio (excluding banks and OFIs within 
the KIPCO group). Related party transactions could create conflicts of interest for the Bank and its affiliates, which could 
potentially impact the Bank's business. 
By virtue of its controlling interest, KIPCO has the ability to influence the Bank's business significantly through its 
ability to control actions which require shareholder approval and to nominate the majority of the board of directors of the 
Bank (the Board). The interests of KIPCO may be different from those of the Bank's creditors (including the 
Noteholders). If the interests of shareholders, including those of the majority shareholder, KIPCO, conflict with the 
interests of the Noteholders, decisions may be made that advantage shareholders of the Bank, leaving the Noteholders at 
a disadvantage.  
Small branch network and limited retail franchise 
As at 30 June 2021, the Bank operated 30 branches and 157 ATMs in Kuwait. Among the Bank's banking subsidiaries, as 
at 30 June 2021, Burgan Bank A.Ş.-Turkey (BBT) operated 32 branches and 32 ATMs in Turkey, Tunis International 
Bank S.A. (TIB) operated three branches and one representative office in Libya and had no ATMs in Tunisia, Gulf Bank 
Algeria S.A. (AGB) operated 61 branches and 104 ATMs in Algeria and Bank of Baghdad P.J.S.C. (BoB) operated 33 
branches and 67 ATMs in Iraq and one branch and one ATM in Lebanon. Due to its small branch network and limited 
retail franchise, the Bank may not be able to capitalise fully on opportunities or developments in the MENAT retail 
banking sector. Any potential inability to capitalise on these opportunities may affect the Bank's competitive advantage 
or the implementation of its expansion strategy. 
TheBank may not be able to manage its growth strategy effectively, which could impact its profitability 
The Bank has adopted a growth strategy with a focus on strengthening its position in the existing markets. As a part of its 
organic growth strategy, the Bank intends to focus on increasing its market share in Kuwait – the core market, expand its 
digital footprint in line with global trends, increase its customer base and strengthen its risk management framework. 
However, the Bank may be unable to achieve any or all of these strategic objectives. In the short term, the Bank may also 
experience pressure on margins as it implements the strategic initiatives due to longer than expected time lag between the

--- Page 24 ---
10 
 
 
increase in operating costs and the corresponding increase in revenues generated from such strategic initiatives. Each of 
the above could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects. 
The Bank may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could have an adverse 
effect on its business and its ability to implement its strategy 
The Bank's ability to maintain and grow its business will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to recruit and retain 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The Bank is likely to face challenges in recruiting 
qualified personnel to manage its business. In common with other banks in the GCC, the Bank may also experience a 
shortage of qualified employees residing in Kuwait, which requires it to recruit from outside Kuwait. In addition, even 
after hiring its employees, the Bank has faced and may face future challenges in retaining such employees due to the 
continued recruitment efforts of its competitors. 
In recent years, the Kuwaiti Government has made a number of announcements regarding its intention to encourage a 
better balance of Kuwaitis and non-Kuwaiti nationals in the private-sector workforce. This process, known as 
"Kuwaitisation", involves the establishment of suggested ratios for the numbers of Kuwaiti nationals who should be 
employed by respective industries, with the Government's recommended policy for financial institutions being that 70.0 
per cent. of a bank's total personnel should consist of Kuwaiti nationals. The Bank's Kuwaitisation level as at 30 June 
2021 was 76.9 per cent. If the Bank is not able to meet or exceed the Kuwaiti Government's minimum threshold for 
Kuwaiti employees, it may be subject to certain penalties, including an exclusion from participation in certain Kuwaiti 
Government-related tender processes, the imposition of fines by the Ministry of Social Affairs or the imposition of 
administrative or corrective action by the CBK and other governmental authorities. 
The Bank depends on the efforts, skill, reputation and experience of its senior management, as well as synergies among 
their diverse fields of expertise and knowledge. The loss of key personnel could impact the Group in the implementation 
of its strategies. 
While the Bank believes that it has effective staff recruitment, training and incentive programmes in place, challenges in 
the recruitment, training and/or retention of necessary personnel, or the shortage of qualified Kuwaiti nationals or other 
nationals prepared to relocate to Kuwait, could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations or prospects. 
The banking industry is competitive and the Bank is exposed to significant competition in Kuwait 
The Bank faces high levels of competition for all of its products and services in Kuwait. In particular, the Bank competes 
with other domestic banks (both conventional and Islamic), in addition to the Kuwaiti branches of non-Kuwaiti banks, 
and such competition may increase. 
The Kuwaiti banking sector comprises five local conventional commercial banks and branches of 12 other non-Kuwaiti 
banks. In addition, there is a specialised bank and five banks operating according to the provisions of Islamic Shari'a. The 
domestic consumer banking sector is dominated by Kuwaiti banks in terms of market share. 
Considering the competitive nature of the Kuwaiti banking market, any failure by the Bank to continue to compete 
successfully in Kuwait may adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank's business is dependent on its information and technology systems which are subject to potential cyber-
attacks 
In common with other financial institutions based in the GCC and elsewhere in the world, the threat to the security of the 
Bank's information and customer data from cyber-attacks is real and continues to grow at pace. Activists, rogue states 
and cyber criminals are among those targeting computer systems around the world. Risks to technology and cyber-
security change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of 
potential cyber-attacks, it is possible that future attacks may lead to breaches of security. Failure to adequately manage

--- Page 25 ---
11 
 
 
cyber-security risk and continually review and update current processes in response to new threats could disrupt its 
business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, create financial and/or legal exposure and damage the 
Bank's reputation and/or brands, which could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
RISKS RELATING TO LEGAL, REGULATORY, COMPLIANCE, ACCOUNTING AND CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE ISSUES 
The Bank is a highly regulated entity and changes to applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or enforcement 
of such laws or regulations or the failure to comply with such laws or regulations or a change in the capital treatment 
of the Bank's instruments could have an adverse impact on the Bank's business 
Capital adequacy and leverage regulations 
The Basel Committee on Banking Regulation and Supervisory Practices (the Basel Committee) has set international 
standards for the capital adequacy of banks. The minimum capital adequacy ratio recommended by the 1988 Basel 
Committee guidelines is 8.0 per cent. Pursuant to its Basel III reforms, the Basel Committee recommended a minimum 
total capital adequacy ratio of 8.0 per cent., which can rise to 10.5 per cent. after factoring in the capital conservation 
buffer over a period of time. However, the CBK, as the banking regulator in Kuwait, requires Kuwaiti commercial banks 
to maintain a capital adequacy ratio based on the final instructions entitled "Implementing Capital Adequacy Standards – 
Basel III – for conventional banks" issued by the CBK on 24 June 2014, as may be amended or superseded from time to 
time (the Instructions). Pursuant to the Instructions, Kuwaiti commercial banks are required to maintain a capital 
adequacy ratio of 13.0 per cent. Additionally, all commercial banks are required to maintain additional capital (0.5 per 
cent. to 2.0 per cent. depending on the bank's size and complexity, as determined by CBK) in the form of a domestic 
systemically important bank (D-SIB) charge. 
However, as a temporary measure to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Kuwait’s domestic economy and 
the banking sector, the CBK reduced the minimum capital adequacy requirement from 13.0 per cent. to 10.5 per cent. by 
releasing the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. with effect from 1 April 2020. According to the CBK, the 
amendment will be in effect until the end of 2021, when it will be reviewed again.  
The Bank's capital adequacy ratio under the CBK guidelines, based on the Basel III guidelines, was 16.5 per cent. as at 
30 June 2021, 18.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 16.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 17.4 per cent. as at 31 
December 2018. The Bank's Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio was 12.9 per cent. as at 30 June 2021, 12.9 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020, 14.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 14.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2018, based on Basel III 
guidelines. The Bank's common equity tier (CET) 1 ratio under CBK guidelines, based on Basel III regulations, was 10.4 
per cent. as at 30 June 2021, 10.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 11.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 11.9 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2018. 
As mentioned above, the capital adequacy level maintained by the Bank currently exceeds the minimum requirements 
set out by the CBK, based on the Basel III regulations. However, if the Bank's loan portfolio continues to grow 
significantly, or if the level of loan impairments increases, and the Bank fails to generate a sufficient level of profits to 
ensure consistent growth in equity through retained earnings, or if any of the Bank's instruments lose their capital 
treatment as a result of a change in the guidelines on capital adequacy issued by the Basel Committee, or corresponding 
implementing measures as implemented by the CBK, the Bank may need to raise new capital to maintain the minimum 
capital adequacy ratios set by the CBK. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing or additional equity, may 
not be available on attractive terms, or at all.  
Any failure by the Bank to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios could lead to the imposition of sanctions by the CBK, 
such as limitations on the Bank's ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the CBK of a directive to increase capital 
and/or sell or reduce assets, the imposition of fines, as well as to an increase of the cost of funding. Any of these 
outcomes could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects (see 
"Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, Accounting and Corporate Governance Issues – The regulatory 
framework of the CBK" below).

--- Page 26 ---
12 
 
 
Credit risk regulations 
With effect from October 2016, Kuwaiti banks are restricted by the CBK from lending amounts in excess of 90 per cent. 
of qualifying deposits, irrespective of the maturity profile of the relevant qualifying deposit. As at 30 June 2021, the 
Bank is in compliance with this regulation. 
However, as a temporary measure to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Kuwait’s domestic economy and 
the banking sector, the CBK has increased the prescribed percentage to 100 per cent. with effect from 1 April 2020. 
According to the CBK, this amendment will be in effect until the end of 2021, when it will be reviewed again. 
Concentration risk regulations 
Subject to certain exceptions or where prior CBK approval has been obtained, the total credit liabilities of any single 
customer (including its legally or economically associated entities) to a bank may not exceed 15 per cent. of the bank's 
regulatory capital. As at 30 June 2021, the Bank is in compliance with this regulation.  
The aggregate of large credit concentrations (being concentrations which exceed 10 per cent. of a bank's regulatory 
capital), including any exceptions approved by the CBK, may not exceed four times a bank's regulatory capital. As at 30 
June 2021, the Bank is in compliance with this regulation. 
Interest rate cap regulations 
The CBK's resolutions issued in respect of interest rate ceilings provide that the maximum limits for interest rates on KD-
denominated loans should not exceed: (i) 2.5 per cent. over the CBK's discount rate in the case of commercial loans with 
a maturity of one year or less; and (ii) 4 per cent. over the CBK's discount rate in the case of commercial loans exceeding 
one year. As at 30 June 2021, the CBK's discount rate available to banks in Kuwait was 1.5 per cent. and, in the period 
between 4 October 2012 and 30 June 2021, has fluctuated between 1.5 per cent. and 3.0 per cent. As a preventive 
measure to reduce the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic growth, the CBK reduced the discount rate from 
2.75 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 to 1.5 per cent. in March 2020. 
Each of the regulations described above may limit the Bank's ability to increase its loan portfolio or may increase the 
Bank's cost of doing business. Any further changes in laws or in CBK and other applicable regulations or policy and/or 
the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced may affect the Bank's reserves, revenues and performance and may 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If the Bank fails to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, OFAC sanctions and 
other related regulations, it could face fines and damage to its reputation 
The Bank is required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering (AML) laws, anti-terrorism financing laws, 
Office of Foreign Assets (OFAC) sanctions and other regulations. These laws and regulations require the Bank, among 
other things, to adopt and enforce "know your customer" (KYC) policies and procedures and to report suspicious and 
large transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities. The Bank has adopted KYC/AML policies and procedures and 
reviews them regularly in light of any relevant regulatory and market developments. To the extent the Bank may fail to 
fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, the relevant government agencies to which it reports have the power 
and authority to impose fines and other penalties on the Bank. In addition, the Bank's business and reputation could suffer 
if customers use the Bank for money laundering or illegal purposes. 
Legal and regulatory systems may create an uncertain environment for investment and business activities 
Kuwait is in the process of developing governing institutions and legal and regulatory systems, which are not yet as 
firmly established as they are in Western Europe and the United States. Kuwait, along with other countries within the 
GCC region, has enacted measures to promote greater efficiency and certainty within their legal and regulatory systems. 
Among those measures, Kuwait and countries within the GCC region have assumed obligations under the General 
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) (as administered by the World Trade Organisation (WTO)) and Kuwait has

--- Page 27 ---
13 
 
 
already enacted legislation, inter alia, to extend foreign ownership. However, Kuwait may experience changes in its 
economy and Government policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to the continued extension of the 
rights of foreign ownership pursuant to Kuwait's GATT/WTO obligations) that may affect the Bank's business. 
The legal system in Kuwait may not provide the same degree of protection or require the levels of disclosure of 
information that would be the case in Western Europe or the United States. No assurance can be given that the 
Government will not implement regulation or fiscal or monetary policies, including policies, regulations, or new legal 
interpretations of existing regulations, relating to or affecting expropriation, nationalisation, taxation, interest rates or 
exchange controls, or otherwise take actions which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects. 
The regulatory framework of the CBK 
As the Bank is a regulated entity, changes in applicable laws or regulations, the interpretation or enforcement of such 
laws or regulations, or the Bank's failure to comply with such laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. The supervisory and regulatory rules and 
activities of the CBK, and other relevant central banks in respect of the Bank's subsidiaries, cover in greater detail than in 
many other countries matters such as capital adequacy requirements, liquidity, the rationalisation and organisation of 
credit policy, the policy for the classification of credit facilities and the calculation of relevant provisions, credit 
concentration, the organisation of investment policy, internal control systems, risk measurement and management 
systems, rules and regulations concerning the required experience of banks' board members and executive officers, and 
the combating of money laundering, suspicious operations and the financing of terrorism. 
These regulations may limit banks' activities (including those of the Bank and its subsidiaries) while changes by any of 
the relevant central banks in their supervision and regulation policies and practices could affect, to varying degrees, 
each bank's business, the products or services that it offers or may offer, the value of its assets, the costs of doing 
business and its financial condition. 
The Bank's accounting policies and methods are critical to how it reports its financial condition and results of 
operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain 
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Bank records and reports its financial condition and results 
of operations. Management must exercise judgement in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and 
methods so they comply with IFRS, as adopted for use by Kuwait. These judgements and estimates include, for example, 
the determination of when assets may be impaired, the classification of financial assets, the determination of provisions 
for credit losses and provisions for investment securities. 
A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognising an expense, 
recovering an asset or reducing a liability. The Bank has established policies and control procedures that are intended to 
ensure that its significant accounting estimates and judgements are well controlled and applied consistently. In addition, 
the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate 
manner. However, due to the uncertainty surrounding the Bank's judgements and the estimates pertaining to these 
matters, the Bank cannot guarantee that it will not be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior 
period financial statements in the future. 
RISKS RELATING TO KUWAIT AND THE MENAT REGION 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets generally involves a higher degree of risk 
Investors in emerging markets, such as Kuwait, should be aware that these markets are subject to greater risks than more 
developed markets, including, but not limited to, higher volatility, limited liquidity and changes in the political and 
economic environment. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market for securities bearing emerging market 
risk, such as the Notes, will not be affected negatively by events elsewhere, especially in emerging markets.

--- Page 28 ---
14 
 
 
The economies of most of the countries in the MENAT region are mainly driven by revenues from oil exports and 
therefore exposed to volatility in oil prices. The national economies of most of the countries in the MENAT region have 
expanded significantly in recent years, in large part as a result of historically high oil prices, which has led to increased 
financial activity by banks in the region. Going forward, countries across the MENAT region are expected to experience 
different economic growth recoveries, depending on the effectiveness of their COVID-19 vaccination programmes and 
management of the COVID-19 pandemic and its repercussions. A sustained deterioration in the economies of these 
countries or political upheaval in the region could have a material adverse effect on the Bank and its subsidiaries' 
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Although economic conditions are different in each country in the MENAT region, investors' reactions to developments 
in one country may affect the price of securities of issuers in other countries in the MENAT region, including Kuwait. 
Accordingly, the market price of the Notes may be subject to significant fluctuations, which may not necessarily be 
related to the financial performance of the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
In respect to Turkey, the economy grew 7.0 per cent. year-on-year in first quarter of  2021, which was its strongest 
growth in 3 years, driven by growth in industrial production and recovery in other key sectors (especially information and 
communication, manufacturing, services, and construction) as most restrictions were lifted in March 2021. The 
information and communications sector posted the biggest growth during the first quarter of 2021, rising by 18.1 per 
cent. (compared to 15.1 per cent. during the same period in the previous year). However, a strict lockdown was imposed 
in late April 2021 which is expected to have negatively impacted economic activity in the second quarter of 2021 
(source: TURKSTAT).  
No assurance can be given that the government of Turkey will not implement regulations or fiscal or monetary policies, 
including policies or new regulations or new legal interpretations of existing regulations or exchange controls, or 
otherwise take actions which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects or which could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the Notes. Further, no assurance 
can be given on any outcome due to the volatility of the TRY versus other major currencies.  
 
Specific risks in Kuwait and the MENAT region that could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects include, without limitation, the following: political, economic or 
social instability; external acts of warfare, civil clashes or other hostilities or conflict; domestic unrest or violence; 
increases in inflation and the cost of living; change in tax regimes and tax laws, including the imposition of taxes in tax-
free jurisdictions or the increase of taxes in low-tax jurisdictions; government interventions and protectionism; potential 
adverse changes in laws and regulatory practices, including legal structures and tax laws; difficulties in staffing and 
managing operations; legal systems which could make it difficult for the Bank to enforce its intellectual property and 
contractual rights; restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; greater risk of uncollectible 
accounts and longer collection cycles; currency fluctuations; and logistical and communications challenges. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved with investing in the 
Notes and must determine for themselves whether, in light of those risks, an investment in the Notes is appropriate. 
Generally, investment in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the 
significance of the risk involved. 
The Bank's subsidiaries are located in a region that is subject to ongoing political and security concerns 
Although Kuwait generally enjoys domestic political stability, and healthy international relations, a number of countries 
located in the MENAT region are either experiencing, or have in the past experienced, political and social instability, 
domestic turmoil, violence, and armed conflict. For example, there has been significant political change in Iraq, Tunisia, 
and Lebanon and social and political unrest and/or armed conflict and related activities in Libya, Syria and a number of 
other countries in the MENAT region. The situation has caused significant disruption to the economies of affected 
countries, and has had a destabilising effect on oil and gas prices. These recent and ongoing developments, along with

--- Page 29 ---
15 
 
 
terrorist acts, acts of maritime piracy, and other forms of instability in the MENAT region, such as tensions between the 
United States and Iran, that may or may not directly involve Kuwait, could have an adverse effect on Kuwait's economy, 
and its ability to engage in international trade which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As the first country to undergo the "Arab Spring" uprising in 2011, Tunisia has undergone significant political changes in 
recent years. However, it has taken significant steps towards regaining stability, such as by approving a new constitution 
at the start of 2014. GDP is expected to grow by 2.9 per cent. in 2021, after a contraction of 8.6 per cent. in 2020 (source: 
Economist Intelligence Unit). Significant macroeconomic challenges remain, and the country is expected to continue to 
face social, political, and economic challenges over the medium term. Recently, Tunisia has continued its crackdown on 
corruption after President Kais Saied dismissed government officials, removed the prime minister, suspended parliament 
and assumed executive powers. The newly elected cabinet is expected to face political gridlocks in addressing key 
economic policy challenges. The fiscal deficit is expected to widen in the short-run as the new government eases on 
austerity efforts, however over time the fiscal deficit is expected to narrow as the government adopts IMF recommended 
measures (i.e. reduction in fuel subsidies and government's wage bill) (source: Economist Intelligence Unit). In addition, 
the COVID-19 containment measures adopted in 2020 has negatively impacted Tunisia’s tourism and transport sectors, 
and consequently slowed down economic activity in the country. The Tunisian Central Bank is expected to continue to 
reduce its level of intervention in the currency market, focus on stabilising the banking system, and work towards the 
adoption of an inflation-targeting framework. See "Description of the Bank - Key Subsidiaries - Tunis International Bank 
S.A. (TIB) - Business Environment" for further details in respect of the business environment in which the Bank, and TIB 
operate. 
In Iraq, over the last few years the economy has been gradually recovering from the impact of the civil war. The Iraqi 
government has put in place a comprehensive reconstruction package, with the immediate goal being to stabilise the 
economy and to put in place a long-term growth vision. In view of the political tensions and the COVID-19 pandemic, 
economic recovery is expected to depend on the energy sector. The economy is expected to grow by 1.6 per cent. in 
2021, following an estimated 10.5 per cent. contraction in 2020 (source: Economist Intelligence Unit). Political 
uncertainty and sectarian violence could have a material adverse effect on BoB's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects, particularly if it were to spread to the city of Baghdad. See "Description of the Bank – Key 
Subsidiaries – Bank of Baghdad P.J.S.C. (BoB) – Business Environment" for further details in respect of the business 
environment in which the Bank and BoB operate. 
Algeria is one of the countries in the region that remained relatively stable during the "Arab Spring" uprising. The 
government maintained stability largely through public sector expenditure, and minimal political reforms, although there 
were periods of social and domestic instability. In 2019, there were protests against the plans of President Abdelaziz 
Bouteflika to run for a fifth presidential term.  On 2 April 2019, Mr. Bouteflika resigned as president, after being 
pressured by the military to step down immediately.  The military has dominated post-Bouteflika politics and in the 
December elections, the previous Prime Minster Abdelmadjid Tebboune – a loyalist of the ousted leader – won, as many 
members of the opposition boycotted the poll. The short-term political outlook of Algeria remains subdued due to such 
risks. This combined with government measures to contain the COVID-19 outbreak, has dampened tourism and foreign 
investments. The economy is expected to grow by 4.0 per cent. in 2021 compared to a contraction of 5.5 per cent. in 
2020. See "Description of the Bank – Key Subsidiaries – Algeria Gulf Bank S.P.A. – Business Environment" for further 
details in respect of the business environment in which the Bank and AGB operate. 
In Turkey, the economic downturn in 2020 led to the biggest credit growth boom in a decade, facilitated by Turkey's state 
banks and the central bank. This has kept inflation high, due to TRY depreciation against all other major currencies. 
Instability, regional conflicts and threats of terrorism have not as yet had a major impact on Turkey's economy; however, 
there is a risk of it negatively impacting the country's level of tourism, foreign investments, and capital markets (in 
addition to the global economic slowdown caused by COVID-19), which may in turn have a negative impact on the 
Bank's operations in the country. 
Furthermore, other world events could have an impact on Kuwait's political and security situation. Since the Gulf War in 
1990, Kuwait and the United States have enjoyed close economic and strategic ties. A shift in the relationship between

--- Page 30 ---
16 
 
 
Kuwait and the U.S. or changing U.S. political interests in the Gulf region, could have a material adverse effect on 
Kuwait's economic, political or financial condition – which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Kuwait's economy and growth could be affected by Kuwaiti political considerations 
Relations between the Government and Kuwait's parliament (the National Assembly) have been tumultuous in the past. 
Because all legislation must be approved by National Assembly vote, measures requiring legislation that are proposed by 
the Council of Ministers (the Council of Ministers) can also be stalled indefinitely before being sent to the Emir for 
assent and ratification. See "Overview of Kuwait — Government, Political and Legal System". 
The National Assembly comprises 50 directly elected members. In the December 2020, polls 24 of the 50 contested seats 
were won by opposition candidates. Nonetheless, power remains concentrated within the royal family, with the emir 
appointing the prime minister and 15 of the 16 ministerial posts. The next election is expected to take place in late 2024. 
The Amir Nawaf Al Ahmed Al Sabah is expected to continue many of his predecessor's policies, including 
"Kuwaitisation", and the role of regional peace broker. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. The Notes may have features which contain particular risks 
for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
any such time, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those 
Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and LIBOR) are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 31 ---
17 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying 
markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to 
continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to 
cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising 
its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA 
announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of 
all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA 
announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc 
LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for 
certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, 
US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its 
powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 
(end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 
2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also 
cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) 
referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 
2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) occurs, including if an original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) and/or any page on which an 
original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event 
otherwise occurs. The IBA announcement and FCA announcement referred to above may each constitute such a 
Benchmark Event. This may trigger certain of the fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks

--- Page 32 ---
18 
 
 
being triggered are not immediately effective under the Conditions. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (both as defined in the Conditions), with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread 
(as defined in the Conditions) and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and following 
consultation with the Guarantor, and without the requirement for the consent or sanction of Noteholders. An Adjustment 
Spread, if applied, is a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread which (i) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body (as defined in the Conditions) (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or 
group of central banks/supervisory authorities), or (ii) (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate), the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the original Reference Rate, or (iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) determines that no such spread, formula or 
methodology is customarily applied), the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, as the case may be or (iv) (if the 
Independent Adviser following consultation with the Guarantor) determines that there is no such industry standard) the 
Independent Adviser following consultation with the Guarantor) or the Guarantor (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in their sole discretion to be appropriate. Accordingly, the 
application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If 
no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof). The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (including with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread) may still result in any Notes linked 
to or referencing an original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would if the original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the 
relevant immediately following Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the 
potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SOFR, including term 
SOFR reference rate (which seeks to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR rate over a 
designated term) or different measures of such an alternative reference rate. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Index. The continued development of 
SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as the continued development of SOFR based rates 
for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the calculation 
and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing SOFR. In 
particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes

--- Page 33 ---
19 
 
 
issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in 
the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference SOFR under this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR reference rates 
in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put 
in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SOFR. 
SOFR differs from LIBOR and EURIBOR in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
SOFR differs from LIBOR and EURIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SOFR is a backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR and EURIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, 
EURIBOR and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is 
a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
LIBOR and EURIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, 
daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other 
market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future 
performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of 
SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT 
systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR or 
EURIBOR -based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 11 
(Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue SOFR 
The Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. There can be no guarantee that 
SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Notes referencing SOFR. In particular, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as 
administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or its related 
indices, including changes related to the method by which SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or a related index. In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing 
SOFR or a related index. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in market 
interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium (such as Zero Coupon Notes) from their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 34 ---
20 
 
 
Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes  
Notes denominated in Renminbi (Renminbi Notes) may be issued under the Programme. Renminbi Notes contain 
particular risks for potential investors, including;  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC Government) continues 
to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies.  
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, particularly over trade 
transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange 
transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by 
the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise its control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will not be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside of 
the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Renminbi Notes.  
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes and 
the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes  
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.  
While the People's Bank of China (PBOC) has established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanics for participating 
banks in the Applicable Jurisdictions through settlement agreements (the Settlement Agreements) on the clearing of 
Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each a RMB Clearing Bank) 
and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions.  
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi business 
participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank 
only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating 
banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting 
from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In each case, the participating banks will need to source 
Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is subject to 
many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC 
regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future so as 
to have the effect of restricting the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi 
in the offshore market to service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the 
Conditions applicable to the Renminbi Notes, the Issuer can make payments in other currencies as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks  
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The Issuer will 
make all payments of interest and principal amounts with respect to the Renminbi Notes in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the charges in the prevailing exchange rates 
in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of 
the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency will decline.  
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, RMB Non-
transferability or RMB Illiquidity (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Issuer is unable, or it is

--- Page 35 ---
21 
 
 
impossible for it, to pay interest or principal in Renminbi, the Conditions allow the Issuer to make payment in such other 
currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as the "Relevant Currency" at the prevailing spot rate of 
exchange, all as provided in more detail in the Terms and Conditions. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments 
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of the Renminbi depreciates against such 
currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as the "Relevant Currency" or other foreign currencies, the 
value of a holder's investment in such currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as the "Relevant 
Currency" or other foreign currency terms will decline. 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation may 
increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly 
deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and 
regulations and prevailing market conditions.  
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of such Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations 
in interest rates. If a holder of Renminbi Notes tries to sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive 
an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in such Renminbi Notes  
Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 7.7 (as set out in the RMB provisions below), all Renminbi 
payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, a Permanent Bearer Global Note or a Registered Global Note (each as 
defined under "Form of Notes") held with the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or those of such alternative clearing system, as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than as described 
in the Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with regard 
to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of 
any other tax jurisdictions. The value of a Holder's investment in the Renminbi Notes may be materially and adversely 
affected if the Holder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving 
payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes may be subject to PRC tax 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with regard 
to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of 
any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholders’ investment in the Renminbi Notes may be materially and 
adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and 
receiving payments under those Renminbi Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally and to 
obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A Written 
Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the

--- Page 36 ---
22 
 
 
Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and whose Notes are outstanding shall, for 
all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution.  
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer will be entitled to 
rely upon: 
(i) 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), approval 
of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes of the 
relevant Series for the time being outstanding; and 
(ii) 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by 
accountholders in the clearing systems with entitlements to such global note or certificate or, where the 
accountholders hold such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction 
by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or more 
intermediaries), provided that the Issuer has obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity 
of such holding and taken reasonable steps to ensure such holding does not alter following the giving of such 
consent/instruction and prior to effecting such resolution; 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be required to 
be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the Written Resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. For further details of such matters and the 
relevant majorities required at meetings of Noteholders, see Condition 17 and the corresponding provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
The Conditions also provide that the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders and the Couponholders; or (ii) any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Bearer Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Bearer Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination (as 
defined in the Final Terms) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples 
of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
nominal amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a nominal amount of Bearer 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to one or more Specified 
Denominations.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a nominal amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a nominal amount of Bearer Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to one or more Specified Denominations.   
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bearer Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Notes will be held in global form, subject to limited exceptions, and traded in the clearing systems 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be deposited with 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global

--- Page 37 ---
23 
 
 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held 
through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by 
making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on 
the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global 
Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so represented. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange 
controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the Deed of 
Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on 
the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  Any adverse change in an applicable credit 
rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes that have been issued. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and

--- Page 38 ---
24 
 
 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an 
EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by 
a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in 
each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country 
ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European  
regulated investors selling the Notes which, in turn, may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market in the 
Notes. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Taxation risks on payments 
Payments made by the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, could become 
subject to taxation. Condition 9 (Taxation) requires the Issuer or Guarantor to pay additional amounts in certain 
circumstances in the event that any withholding, deduction, or retention for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
levies, imports, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature is imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and/or Kuwait or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax in respect of payments under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case 
may be, such that net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding, deduction, or retention shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and distributions which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes in the absence of such withholding, deduction, or retention. 
The circumstances described above may entitle the Issuer to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes.  
The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, and holders of the Notes which are 
"non–GCC corporate entities" may become subject to the Kuwaiti income tax regime in certain limited circumstances 
Article 150 (bis) of Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the 
Regulating of Securities Activities, which was introduced pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015) (Article 150 (bis)), provides 
that, without prejudice to the exemptions prescribed on capital gains tax arising from the disposal of securities issued by 
companies listed on Bourse Kuwait, the returns from bonds and other similar securities, regardless of the nature of the 
issuer, are exempt from Kuwait tax.  
However, the Ministry of Finance's Department of Income Tax (DIT) has to date not always adopted consistent rulings 
on Kuwaiti tax matters more generally. Accordingly, to the extent that the exemption afforded by Article 150 (bis) is held 
not to apply to the Notes, or to a particular Noteholder, such Noteholder or the Noteholders which are non-GCC 
corporate entities may become subject to income tax in Kuwait (see "Taxation — Kuwait" for further details).  
In addition, neither Article 150 (bis) nor Ministry of Finance Administrative Order No. 2028 of 2015 endorsing the 
provisions thereof addressed the issue of whether or not there remains an obligation (as described under "Taxation — 
Kuwait") to deduct 5 per cent. of the amount of any payments made by the Guarantor to the Issuer or the Noteholders (if 
there is a call on the Guarantee). Accordingly, there is a possibility that the deduction of the 5 per cent. obligation may be 
applied in certain circumstances, pending resolution of their tax position. The deducted 5 per cent. would be released by 
the Guarantor upon presentation to it by the Noteholders of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT. In any event, any 
deducted amounts would be required to be grossed up by the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions (See

--- Page 39 ---
25 
 
 
Condition 9 (Taxation)) and accordingly, in practice, a Noteholder would not need to present such a tax clearance 
certificate. In addition, in the event of any such deduction, the Deed of Guarantee also provides that the Guarantor will 
pay such additional amounts in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders shall equal the amount which 
would have been receivable in the absence of such deduction. 
To date there has been no official statement made publicly by the DIT regarding its interpretation of Article 150 (bis) 
and/or its application. Similarly, the Kuwaiti Courts (who will be the final arbiters on the matter) have not been required 
to interpret such provision to date. Therefore, it is not possible to state definitively how the DIT and/or the Kuwaiti 
Courts may implement or enforce the Taxation Laws (as defined in "Taxation — Kuwait") including Article 150(bis) in 
practice. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under Kuwaiti and 
other applicable tax laws of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments under the Notes and 
the Guarantee.  See "Taxation — Taxation risks on payments." for further details. 
Value Added Tax 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Kuwait does not impose value added tax (VAT) on the sale of goods and services. 
However, investors should be aware that the GCC states, including Kuwait, have agreed to the implementation of the 
GCC-wide VAT framework, to be introduced at a rate of 5 per cent. (the VAT Framework). The national legislation of 
Kuwait implementing the VAT Framework has yet to be promulgated and no Kuwait-specific details of the regime have 
been released as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Therefore, it is impossible to state with any accuracy if, and when, 
VAT will be introduced in Kuwait. Further, due to the wide discretion conferred to each GCC member state under the 
VAT Framework, the terms and conditions of the VAT regime, if introduced, are not known as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. If the Guarantor becomes subject to VAT in Kuwait, its profitability may be adversely affected which may 
then impact its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. 
Enforcement under Kuwaiti Law  
The insolvency regime in Kuwait is relatively untested with limited guidance as to how the legislative framework will 
be applied in practice by the courts in Kuwait 
Notwithstanding that the Deed of Guarantee is expressed to be governed by English law, in the event of the Guarantor's 
insolvency, Kuwaiti insolvency law will apply and such law may adversely affect the Guarantor's ability to perform its 
obligations under the Deed of Guarantee. Further, obtaining a final bankruptcy judgment in Kuwait may take several 
years. There is little precedent to predict how any claims on behalf of holders of the Notes against the Guarantor would 
be resolved in the event of the Guarantor's insolvency and therefore there can be no assurance that holders of the Notes 
will receive payment of their claims in full or at all in these circumstances. 
Enforceability of the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee 
Under Kuwaiti law, the obligations of a guarantor are incidental to the obligations of the principal debtor, and the 
obligations of the guarantor will only be valid to the extent of the continuing obligations of the principal debtor. In 
addition, in order to enforce a guarantee under Kuwaiti law, the underlying debt obligation for which such guarantee has 
been granted may need to be proved before the Kuwaiti courts. 
Accordingly, if upon enforcement Kuwaiti law is applied to the Guarantee, the obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will be treated as incidental obligations and dependent on the validity and the enforceability of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes and the Issuer's obligations under the Notes may, therefore, need to be proved before the 
courts of Kuwait in order for the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee to be enforceable. 
There is a risk that the Kuwaiti Courts will assume jurisdiction 
The Deed of Guarantee, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Notes (the Documents) each contains a 
provision to the effect that disputes arising under the Documents will be referred to arbitration under the London Court of 
International Arbitration Rules (the LCIA Rules).  
Nevertheless, if a claim is brought before the courts of Kuwait (the Kuwaiti Courts), the Kuwaiti Courts may still accept 
jurisdiction in any suit, action or proceedings in the situations identified in Articles 23, 24 and 26 of Kuwait Law No. 38 
of 1980 (the Code of Civil and Commercial Procedure), as amended (the Code). These situations include (a) where the 
defendant in the proceedings expressly or impliedly accepted the jurisdiction of the Kuwaiti Courts, (b) where the 
defendant is a Kuwaiti national or is resident, domiciled or has a place of business or a chosen domicile in Kuwait or (c)

--- Page 40 ---
26 
 
 
if such legal proceedings relate to property (movable or immovable) located in Kuwait, an obligation is created, executed 
or required to be performed in Kuwait or a bankruptcy is declared in Kuwait. 
There can therefore be no assurance that the Kuwaiti Courts will decline jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute under the 
Documents, notwithstanding that the Documents provide that the parties have agreed that any disputes arising thereunder 
shall be referred to arbitration. The risk that the Kuwaiti Courts would assume jurisdiction on the proceedings is reduced, 
but not eliminated, in the event that, (a) the respondent to a claim raises procedural defences as regards the jurisdiction, 
and (b) the existence of previous or simultaneous proceedings in, or res judicata judgments from, a competent jurisdiction 
outside Kuwait, on the subject matter and involving the same disputing parties. In addition to the foregoing, Article 173 
of the Code provides that the Kuwaiti Courts have no jurisdiction to hear disputes which have been validly agreed to be 
referred to arbitration, provided that the party raising the existence of an arbitration provision does so before taking any 
substantive steps in the proceedings, or any other act or omission which would be considered a waiver of the right to seek 
arbitration. The Kuwaiti Courts will not recognize or give effect to the choice of the laws of England to govern the 
Documents nor enforce a foreign judgment or foreign arbitral award to the extent that any such laws, judgments or 
arbitral awards are found by the Kuwaiti Courts to be contrary to the rules of public order or morality of Kuwait. 
Enforcing arbitral awards in Kuwait 
Kuwait is a party to the 1958 New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 
(the New York Convention). A foreign arbitral award will be recognised and enforced in Kuwait (without re-trial or 
examination of the merits of the case) in accordance with the Code. Article 200 of the Code provides that foreign arbitral 
awards are to be recognised and enforced under the same conditions (applied mutatis mutandis to foreign arbitral awards) 
as are applied in respect of the enforcement of foreign judgments under Article 199 of the Code which requires that: (a) 
the courts of the jurisdiction by which the judgment was rendered must afford reciprocal treatment to judgments rendered 
in Kuwait; (b) the judgment must be rendered by a competent authority according to the law of the jurisdiction in which 
it was rendered; (c) the parties must have been duly summoned to appear and were duly represented at the proceedings; 
(d) the judgment must be final and non-appealable (res judicata) according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was 
rendered; (e) the judgment must not contradict any prior judgment rendered by a Kuwaiti Court; and, (f) the judgment 
must not contain anything in conflict with the general morals or public order of Kuwait.  
In addition, the subject matter of the award must be considered arbitrable under Kuwaiti law and the arbitral award must 
be enforceable in the jurisdiction in which it was rendered. The requirement to establish reciprocal enforcement under 
Articles 199 and 200 of the Code with respect to the recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards issued in England is 
satisfied as England and Kuwait are both signatories to the New York Convention. 
As noted above, enforcement of a foreign arbitral award or foreign judgment in Kuwait requires the filing of an 
enforcement action in the Kuwaiti Courts. Proceedings before the Kuwaiti Courts, including enforcement actions, can 
take a relatively long time before a final and non-appealable judgment is issued. 
There have not been many occasions in which the Kuwaiti Courts have been asked to consider the enforcement of foreign 
arbitral awards or foreign judgments and so (notwithstanding that on those occasions when they have been asked to do so 
they have shown that they will follow the provisions of the Code and enforce an arbitral award) there is not a large body 
of decided cases in which the practical implications of complying with Articles 199 and 200 of the Code have been 
analysed. 
Change in law 
The Documents are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible change to English or Kuwaiti law after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any 
assurance be given as to whether any such change could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
make payments under each Document to which it is respectively a party.

--- Page 41 ---
27 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
together with the review report thereon (an electronic copy of which is available at: 
https://www.burgan.com/aboutus/Documents/Investor/Financial%20Statements/BurganBankFS30June2021.pdf)
; 
(b) 
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 of the Group together with the audit 
report thereon (an electronic copy of which is available at: 
https://www.burgan.com/aboutus/Documents/Investor/Financial%20Statements/BurganFSEnSigned.pdf); and 
(c)  
the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 of the Group together with the audit 
report thereon (an electronic copy of which is available at: 
https://www.burgan.com/aboutus/Documents/Investor/Financial%20Statements/BurganBank31Dec2019Enfs.pd
f). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
28 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any 
Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole. The following overview does not 
purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a 
supplemental Base Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 and Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and "Description of the 
Bank" shall have the same meanings in this summary.  
 
Issuer: 
Burgan Senior SPC Limited, a special purpose company, 
incorporated in the Dubai International Financial Centre 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
558600G8B5ZWQJ91NK28 
Guarantor: 
Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. incorporated in the State of Kuwait. 
Guarantor Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
558600NC81HKXMFSTY52 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under or in connection with Notes issued under the 
Programme. There are also certain factors that may affect the 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Deed of 
Guarantee. In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these factors are set out under "Risk Factors". 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arrangers: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
 
HSBC Bank plc  
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
Société Générale 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 43 ---
29 
 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale".   
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Registrar: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$1,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer and the Guarantor may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in "Form of the Notes". 
 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and 
vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer 
and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
30 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then such rate of interest 
may be substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a successor 
or alternative benchmark with the application of an adjustment 
spread and with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes. See Condition 6.2(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – 
Benchmark Replacement) for further information. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading in a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, 
if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding, deduction or retention for or on account of taxes 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction unless the withholding, deduction 
or retention is required by law as provided in Condition 9. In the 
event that any such withholding, deduction or retention is made, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 9, be required 
to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 5. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 11. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5) unsecured

--- Page 45 ---
31 
 
 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. 
Deed of Guarantee: 
The payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes have 
been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee are 
direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, 
if any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been assigned long-term senior unsecured 
ratings of Baa1 by Moody's Cyprus, and a long-term senior 
unsecured rating of A+ and a short-term senior unsecured rating of 
F1 by Fitch. Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme.  A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and for 
such Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution: 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of 
Guarantee and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law.  
In respect of any dispute, claim, difference or controversy under 
the Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
Deed of Guarantee, each of the parties thereto have consented to 
arbitration in accordance with the LCIA Arbitration Rules.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, Canada, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, 
Hong Kong, the UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, Saudi Arabia, 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), Kuwait and Singapore and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 46 ---
32 
 
 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
33 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and 
each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) 
and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Burgan Senior SPC Limited (the Issuer) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency aagreement 
(such agency agreement as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 8 September 2021 and made between the Issuer, Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. (the Guarantor) as 
guarantor, HSBC Bank plc as issuing and principal paying agent (the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (if any) (together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of this Note have been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a Deed of 
Guarantee (such Deed of Guarantee as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Deed of Guarantee) dated 8 September 2021 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Deed of 
Guarantee is held by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the 
applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 48 ---
34 
 
 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 8 
September 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection and/or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
each of the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the 
Agents) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder or Couponholder following their prior written request 
to the relevant Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to such Agent). 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save that, if this Note is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of 
definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denomination (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer 
of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream,

--- Page 49 ---
35 
 
 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
3.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form only in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement and the terms of the Registered Global Note. 
3.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive 
form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent and the Registrar, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or their respective attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit 
such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 7 to the Agency 
Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a 
Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
3.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be required to register the 
transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption.

--- Page 50 ---
36 
 
 
3.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except 
that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental 
charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE DEED OF GUARANTEE 
4.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relevant Coupons, are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. The Issuer shall execute such 
instruments and do or take any such action as may be required by the Dubai International Financial Centre to 
ensure the effectiveness of such ranking following any change in any law or regulation relating thereto which 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and 
which requires the Issuer to take such action. 
4.2 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes has been unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor (the Deed of Guarantee). The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of 
Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5) unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time 
outstanding. 
5. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
5.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that none of their respective 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any present or future business, undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries to secure: (a) any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation (each as defined below); or 
(b) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, unless 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the 
same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and Coupons and/or the Deed of Guarantee as the case may 
be, are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness, Relevant 
Note Obligation, or guarantee or indemnity in respect thereof, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security 
Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
5.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock 
or other securities, which for the time being are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, quoted, 
listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market;

--- Page 51 ---
37 
 
 
(b) 
Relevant Sukuk Obligation means any present or future undertaking or other obligation to pay any 
money given in connection with the issue of certificates, whether or not in return for consideration of 
any kind, which for the time being are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, over-the counter or other securities market; and 
(c) 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other person 
(the second person): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control (directly or 
indirectly), whether by ownership or share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
In the case of a Fixed Rate Note where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a Business Day Convention to be applicable (an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Note), each Interest 
Payment Date (and, accordingly, the relevant Fixed Rate Period) will be adjusted (if required) in accordance 
with the relevant Business Day Convention. For this purpose, the provisions relating to the application of a 
Business Day Convention set out in Condition 6.2(a) below shall apply to this Condition 6.1, mutatis mutandis, 
save that, for the purposes of the Conditions relating to an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Note, the term 
Business Day shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open for business and settle Renminbi payments in the applicable 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined in Condition 7.7 below). 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period for which an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is not specified in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of the Fixed Interest Periods relating to 
Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Notes by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Notes, as the case may be, which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Notes, as the case may be, in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Note or Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Notes, as the case may be, in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note or Adjusted Renminbi 
Fixed Rate Notes, as the case may be, shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Calculation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6.1:

--- Page 52 ---
38 
 
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(c) 
if "Actual/365" (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual member of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment 
Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending 
on the first Determination Date falling after, such date);  
Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the Conditions, 
mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable 
on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is:

--- Page 53 ---
39 
 
 
(a) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.2(a)(ii) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, unless otherwise specified Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and 
each Additional Business Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if the TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (iii) in relation to 
any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) are 
generally open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in the applicable RMB Settlement 
Centre(s). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction 
if the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
(i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the 
ISDA Definitions) and under which:

--- Page 54 ---
40 
 
 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity 
and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not Referencing SOFR: 
If Screen Rate Determination not Referencing SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms for Notes 
not referencing SOFR as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest relevant to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination  Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre  interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, and provided further that such failure is not due 
to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 55 ---
41 
 
 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 6.2(c) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement). 
 
In these Conditions, Reference Rate means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR);  
(B) 
London interbank bid rate (LIBID);  
(C) 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR);  
(D) 
Shanghai interbank offered rate (SHIBOR);  
(E) 
Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR);  
(F) 
Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR);  
(G) 
Kuala Lumpur interbank offered rate (KLIBOR);  
(H) 
Emirates interbank offered rate (EIBOR);  
(I) 
Saudi Arabia interbank offered rate (SAIBOR);  
(J) 
Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW);  
(K) 
Japanese Yen LIBOR (JPY LIBOR);  
(L) 
Prague interbank offered rate (PRIBOR);  
(M) CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (CNH HIBOR);  
(N) 
Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR);  
(O) 
Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR); and 
(P) 
Secured overnight financing rate (SOFR). 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR; (ii) 
Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR; (iii) Tokyo, in the case of a determination of 
TIBOR; or (iv) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR or CNH HIBOR, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or such other financial centre as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
Relevant Time shall mean: (a) 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, 
LIBID or JPY LIBOR, Brussels time, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Shanghai time, in 
the case of a determination of SHIBOR, Hong Kong time, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, 
Singapore time, in the case of a determination of SIBOR, Kuala Lumpur time, in the case of a 
determination of KLIBOR, Dubai time, in the case of a determination of EIBOR, Riyadh time, in the 
case of a determination of SAIBOR, Sydney time, in the case of a determination of BBSW, Prague 
time, in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, Istanbul time, in the case of a determination of 
TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR, or Tokyo time, in the case of a determination of TIBOR); or (b) 11.15 a.m. 
Hong Kong time in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR; or (c) Relevant Financial Centre time 
in the case of a determination of any other Reference Rate.  
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes Referencing SOFR: 
Where Screen Rate Determination Referencing SOFR is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is SOFR: 
 
(i) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all

--- Page 56 ---
42 
 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: 
 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the 
applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further 
provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
 
Applicable Period means, 
 
(a) 
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and 
 
(b) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; 
 
Business Day or BD, in this Condition means a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
 
D is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period,  the number of Business  Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
 
Effective Interest Payment Date means any date or dates specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
 
ni, for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days 
from and including such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York; 
 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior

--- Page 57 ---
43 
 
 
to such earlier date, if  any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
 
p means, for any Interest Period: 
 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified 
five Business Days); 
 
(b) 
where "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, zero; or 
 
(c) 
where "Observation Shift" or "SOFR Index" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which shall not be less than five Business Days without the consent of the 
Calculation Agent); 
 
r means: 
 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR 
rate in respect of such Business Day; 
 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method; 
 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day,  
 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); and 
 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from 
(and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date:  
 
Rate Cut-off Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
 
ri-pBD means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, 
(i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) 
falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the 
relevant Business Day "i"; 
 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York

--- Page 58 ---
44 
 
 
Fed's Website, in each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being  
"Weighted  Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to as 
provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
 
Lock-out Period has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above 
  
Observation Period has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above; Reference 
Day has the meaning set out in paragraph (i) above;  
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining the sum 
of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for 
each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate 
in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be 
deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; 
 
(iii) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "SOFR Index", the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR Index Reference Rate 
(as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards, where:  
 
SOFR Averages shall mean the computation bearing the same name as published on the New 
York Fed’s Website;

--- Page 59 ---
45 
 
 
 
SOFR Index with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
 
(a) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as 
such index appears on the New York Fed’s Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR 
Determination Time); or 
 
(b) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (i) above at the SOFR 
Determination Time, then: 
 
(i) 
if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index Reference 
Rate shall be the SOFR Index Unavailable value; or 
 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR Index Reference 
Rate shall be the rate determined pursuant to Condition 6.2(c) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement); 
 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period; 
SOFR Index Reference Rate means: 
 
where "dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFRIndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period); 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
SOFR Index Unavailable means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Event has have 
not occurred, "SOFR Index Reference Rate" means, for the relevant Interest Period for 
which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and 
definitions required for such formula, published on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-
ratesinformation; 
For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding 
formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced with "Observation 
Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. If the 
daily SOFR does not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFR for such 
day "i" shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the New York Federal 
Reserve's Website; 
(iv) 
if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (i) above), the Reference Rate 
is not available, subject to Condition 6.2(c) (Floating Rate Note Provisions – Benchmark 
Replacement), such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (i)

--- Page 60 ---
46 
 
 
above) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the 
New York Fed's Website (as defined in paragraph (i) above) and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly;  
 
(v) 
in the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 6.2(c) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions – Benchmark Replacement), the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable 
to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period); 
 
(vi) 
if the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date; and 
 
(vii) 
if "Payment Delay" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest 
Payment Date shall be read as references to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(c) 
Benchmark Replacement  
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 6.2, if the Guarantor, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Notes for any Interest Period remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Guarantor shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-Off 
Date), a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if (A) the Guarantor is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by the Guarantor fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or, in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) 
prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-Off Date, then the original Reference Rate will continue to 
apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2(b) and the Agency Agreement will 
continue to apply to such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.2(c)(ii) shall 
apply to the relevant immediately following Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.2(c);

--- Page 61 ---
47 
 
 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods in respect of such 
Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.2(c)); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread), shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) provided 
however, that if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor), or the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), fails to determine the 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate as determined in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2(c) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2(c) and the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) or 
the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as applicable, 
determines: (A) that amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination 
Date or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments); and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of 
the Guarantor and subject to delivery of a notice in accordance with Condition 6.2(c)(vi): (x) the 
Guarantor shall vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice; and (y) the Agents shall (at the Guarantor's expense), without any 
requirement for the consent or sanction of Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Guarantor in 
effecting such Benchmark Amendments.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent shall be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so acting 
or relying on such notice, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such Noteholder or person; 
(vi) 
the Guarantor shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, give notice to 
the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders confirming: (A) that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred; (B) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (C) any 
applicable Adjustment Spread; and (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.2(c); and 
(vii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c) shall act and make all 
determinations pursuant to this Condition 6.2(c) in good faith and the Independent Adviser shall act as 
an expert. In the absence of bad faith, wilful default or fraud, neither the Independent Adviser nor the 
Guarantor shall have any liability whatsoever to the Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders in 
connection with any determination made by it or, in the case of the Independent Adviser, for any advice 
given to the Guarantor in connection with any determination made by the Guarantor pursuant to this 
Condition 6.2(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(c):  
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 62 ---
48 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) determines is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the relevant 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) determines that no such spread, 
formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with 
the Guarantor) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) determines that there is no such 
industry standard) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Guarantor) or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in 
their sole discretion to be appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Guarantor) determines, in accordance with this Condition 6.2(c) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and of a comparable duration to 
the relevant Interest Period or, if the Independent Adviser or the Guarantor (as applicable) determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Guarantor (as applicable) determines in their 
sole discretion is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: (i) the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published as a result of such benchmark 
ceasing to be calculated or administered or ceasing to exist for at least five Business Days; or (ii) a public 
statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will, by a specified 
future date, cease publishing the relevant Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate); or (iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate, that the relevant 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or (iv) a 
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate as a consequence of 
which, by a specified future date, the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or (v) it has become unlawful for the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or 
any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference 
Rate; or (vi) a public statement or the publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Reference Rate announcing that the relevant Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market, provided that, in the case of (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the relevant Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the relevant Reference 
Rate, or the prohibition of use of the relevant Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the 
relevant public statement; 
Financial Stability Board means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) in April 2009; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Guarantor at the Guarantor's expense;

--- Page 63 ---
49 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central guarantor for the currency to 
which the Reference Rate relates, or any central guarantor or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central guarantor for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates; (B) any central guarantor or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of the aforementioned central guarantor or 
other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Guarantor) or the 
Guarantor, as applicable, determines is a successor to or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 
(b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered Notes 
in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or (B) such Registered Notes; 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating 
Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360;

--- Page 64 ---
50 
 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
])
M
M
(
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
])
M
M
(
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
])
M
M
(
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 65 ---
51 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as 
it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate; and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.2, by the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. 
In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has 
been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.

--- Page 66 ---
52 
 
 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively);  
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of 
the payee with a bank in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable in the place of payment, or other laws to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive 
Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the 
sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer 
Note.

--- Page 67 ---
53 
 
 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer form 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes 
and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of 
each payment made against presentation or surrender of any Global Note in bearer form, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to 
which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been 
made. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to 
the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register): (i) 
where in global form, at the close of the business day before the relevant due date (business day being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business); and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the fifth (in the case of Renminbi) and the third (in the case of a 
currency other than Renminbi) business day before the relevant due date (business day being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located). 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal 
amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a 
Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the 
case of a payment in Renminbi, means the Renminbi account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank 
and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro and Renminbi) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro and 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) a bank in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business 
day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date 
to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register: (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day before the relevant due date (business day being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business); and (ii) where in definitive form, 
at the close of business on the fifth day (in the case of Renminbi) and at the close of business on the fifteenth 
day (in the case of a currency other than Renminbi) (whether or not such fifth day (in the case of Renminbi) or 
fifteenth day (in the case of a currency other than Renminbi) is a business day), before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date) at their address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at their risk. Upon application of 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified 
office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, 
the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any 
such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due 
on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the 
interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of 
the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any 
amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
54 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer's or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's payment obligations 
hereunder will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of 
such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer 
Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not 
be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day 
means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if the TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open or (C) in relation to 
any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) are 
generally open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in the applicable RMB Settlement 
Centre(s). 
7.7 
RMB Currency Event 
If "RMB Currency Event" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a RMB Currency 
Event exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer's obligation to

--- Page 69 ---
55 
 
 
make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes may be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in 
the Relevant Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant 
Rate Calculation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a RMB Currency Event, the Issuer shall give irrevocable notice as soon as practicable 
and not less than five days prior to the due date for payment to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
stating the occurrence of the RMB Currency Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged 
with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the applicable RMB Settlement 
Centre(s); 
HKMA means the Hong Kong Monetary Authority; 
Rate Calculation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s), 
London and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency; 
Rate Calculation Date means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the 
relevant payment under the Notes; 
Renminbi or RMB means the lawful currency for the time being of the People's Republic of China (the PRC), 
which, for these purposes, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan; 
RMB Currency Events means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Non-Transferability and RMB 
Inconvertibility; 
RMB Illiquidity means the general RMB exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient RMB in order to make any payment (in 
whole or in part) due under the Notes, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two independent foreign exchange dealers of international repute 
active in the RMB exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s); 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any 
amount due in respect of the Notes into RMB in the general RMB exchange market in the applicable RMB 
Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to 
an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver 
RMB between accounts inside the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the 
applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including 
where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the applicable RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
RMB Settlement Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong Kong; and 
Spot Rate means the spot RMB/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the Relevant Currency 
with RMB in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) for 
settlement in two Rate Calculation Business Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the applicable RMB Currency Centre(s)) on the Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Deliverable Basis), or if no such rate is available, on a 
non-deliverable basis by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Non-deliverable Basis), each as

--- Page 70 ---
56 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
spot rate taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the applicable 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the RMB/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic 
foreign exchange market. 
7.8 
RMB account 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all payments in respect of any Note in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to 
a Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in the applicable RMB Settlement 
Centre(s)). 
7.9 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount and in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 or the Guarantor would be unable for 
reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be 
required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due.

--- Page 71 ---
57 
 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two Directors of the Guarantor stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to 
in Condition 8.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15; and 
(b) 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of the notice referred to in (a) 
above, notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered 
Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 
not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed 
under this Condition 8.4 in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered 
Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of 
such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with Condition 3.2, in each case accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Issuing and

--- Page 72 ---
58 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this 
Note is represented by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global 
Note to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to 
the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at 
its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 above and Condition 11, each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption 
Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or 
may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that 
in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
8.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
8.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.6 above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 73 ---
59 
 
 
8.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant 
to Condition 8.1, 8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 is 
improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the 
amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(c) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will be made without withholding, retention or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding, retention or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding, retention or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding, retention or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 7.6). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International 
Financial Centre) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax (in the case of payments by the Issuer), or Kuwait or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the Guarantor) or 
in either case any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, of principal or interest on, or in respect of, the Notes or Coupons become 
generally subject to tax; and  
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or Guarantor be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof.  
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 9) therefor.

--- Page 74 ---
60 
 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of them 
and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of 
interest; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions or the Guarantor 
fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Deed of Guarantee and (except in any 
case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service 
by a Noteholder on the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of written notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
(i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as 
the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period, (ii) any such Indebtedness becomes due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default (however described) or (iii) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, provided 
that each such event shall not constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate amount of all such 
Indebtedness, either alone or when aggregated with all other Indebtedness in respect of which such an 
event shall have occurred and be continuing, shall be more than U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
one or more judgments or orders for the payment of any sum in excess of U.S.$30,000,000 is rendered 
against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries and continues unsatisfied, unstayed 
and unappealed (or, if appealed, the appeal is unsuccessful and thereafter the judgment continues 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days) for a period of 30 days after the date thereof; or 
(e) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(f) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole 
or substantially all of its business, or the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary stops or 
threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits its inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its 
debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(g) 
(i) court or other formal proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or substantially all 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than the 
appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 days; or 
(h) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to corporate action or other 
steps or judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, nationalisation, dissolution, administration, reorganisation (whether by way of voluntary 
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a 
moratorium) or takes any corporate action or other steps for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of it or of 
substantially all or all of its revenues and assets or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit

--- Page 75 ---
61 
 
 
of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(i) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Dubai International Financial Centre, the United Arab 
Emirates or any Emirate therein, Kuwait or any other jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in paragraphs (e) to (h) above; or 
(j) 
if the Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
Guarantor; or 
(k) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or all of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or it is or becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Deed of Guarantee or any of the 
obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding or 
enforceable; or 
(l) 
by or under the authority of any government, (i) the management of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries is wholly or substantially displaced or the authority of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any of its Material Subsidiaries in the conduct of its business is wholly or substantially 
curtailed or (ii) all or a majority of the issued share capital of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or the whole or substantially all of its revenues or assets are seized, nationalised, 
expropriated or compulsorily acquired; 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer or the Guarantor at the specified office of the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
Auditors means a firm of independent auditors of good repute appointed by the Guarantor. 
(ii) 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) deposits and any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(iv) 
a Material Subsidiary is a Subsidiary of the Guarantor the gross assets of which exceed 7.5 per cent. 
of the consolidated gross assets of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the revenues 
of which exceed 7.5 per cent. of the consolidated revenues of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, taken

--- Page 76 ---
62 
 
 
as a whole, or to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertakings of a 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary and, for these purposes: 
(A) 
the gross assets and the revenues of each Subsidiary which is, or might be, a Material 
Subsidiary shall be determined by reference to its then most recently audited annual financial 
statements (consolidated if the same are prepared) or, if none, its then most recent annual 
management accounts; and 
(B) 
the consolidated gross assets and the consolidated revenues of the Guarantor and its 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be determined by reference to the Guarantor's then most 
recently audited consolidated annual financial statements; 
in each case adjusted, as the Auditors may consider appropriate, to take account of any changes in 
circumstances since the date as of which such financial statements (or management accounts) were 
prepared. A report of the Auditors that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is or is not or was 
or was not at any particular time or through any particular period a Material Subsidiary shall (in the 
absence of manifest or proven error) be conclusive and binding on the parties; and 
(v) 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that:  
(a) 
there will at all times be an Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, a 
Registrar and a Transfer Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent 
(in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 7.5. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due 
in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10.

--- Page 77 ---
63 
 
 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish 
Times) or published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/) or, if in either case such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
Language newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any 
such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
manner which complies with those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of 
any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented 
by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
or Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If, under any applicable law and whether pursuant to a judgment being made or registered against the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor or in the liquidation, insolvency or any similar process of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
or for any other reason, any payment under or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons is made or falls to be 
satisfied in a currency (the other currency) other than the Specified Currency, then, to the extent that the 
payment (when converted into the Specified Currency at the rate of exchange on the date of payment or, if it is 
not practicable for the relevant recipient to purchase the Specified Currency with the other currency on the date 
of payment, at the rate of exchange as soon thereafter as it is practicable for it to do so or, in the case of a 
liquidation, insolvency or analogous process, at the rate of exchange on the latest date permitted by applicable 
law for the determination of liabilities in such liquidation, insolvency or analogous process) actually received by 
the relevant recipient falls short of the amount due under these Conditions, the Issuer and the Guarantor jointly 
and severally undertake that they shall, as a separate and independent obligation, indemnify and hold harmless 
the recipient against the amount of the shortfall.  For the purpose of this Condition, rate of exchange means the 
rate at which the relevant recipient is able on the London foreign exchange market on the relevant date to 
purchase the Specified Currency with the other currency and shall take into account any premium and other 
reasonable costs of exchange.

--- Page 78 ---
64 
 
 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Guarantee.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present and holding or representing not less than 
50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons present whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Agency 
Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons present and holding or 
representing not less than two thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons present and holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed and whether or not voting, and on all Couponholders.  
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not, as determined 
solely by the Issuer and the Guarantor, prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 6.2(c), certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of 
the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consent 
through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 79 ---
65 
 
 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, these Conditions (including the 
remaining provisions of this Condition 20), the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Arbitration 
Any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Notes, 
the Coupons and/or the Talons, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant or the Deed of 
Guarantee (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of the nullity of any of them and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a Dispute) shall be referred to and finally resolved by 
arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the LCIA) 
(the Rules), which Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 20.2.  
For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall have no 
connection with any party to the Dispute and shall be an attorney experienced in international securities 
transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one arbitrator and both arbitrators in turn 
shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are 
multiple claimants and/or multiple respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of 
respondents jointly shall each nominate one arbitrator. If one party or both fails to nominate an 
arbitrator within the time limits specified by the Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the 
LCIA. If the party-nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days of the 
appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA; and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Maples and Calder at its registered office at 11th 
Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom as its authorised agent for service of process 
in England. If for any reason such agent shall be unable or unwilling to act as agent for service of process, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a new agent for service of process in England and shall notify 
the Noteholders and Couponholders of such appointment. The Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that, so 
long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, a person with an office in London shall be appointed to accept 
service. The Issuer and the Guarantor each agree that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will 
not invalidate service.  Nothing in this Condition 20 shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
20.4 
Waiver of immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other 
legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in any such 
jurisdiction to the Issuer or the Guarantor or its assets or revenues, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees 
not to claim and irrevocably and unconditionally waives such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the 
laws or such jurisdiction. Further, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally consents 
to the giving of any relief or the issue of any legal proceedings, including, without limitation, jurisdiction, 
enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with any Proceedings or Disputes.

--- Page 80 ---
66 
 
 
20.5 
Other documents  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, where applicable, has appointed an agent in England for service of 
process, in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
21. 
CORPORATE OBLIGATIONS 
Each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions and the Notes are corporate or limited liability obligations of the 
Issuer and, no Noteholder shall have any recourse against any of the directors, officers, employees or corporate 
services providers of the Issuer (the Limited Parties) (nor shall any of the Limited Parties be personally liable 
for any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, indemnities, representations or other obligations whatsoever of the 
Issuer), under or in connection with the Notes or the Conditions, save in the case of the wilful default or actual 
fraud of such Limited Party. Reference herein to wilful default or actual fraud means a finding to such effect by 
a court of competent jurisdiction in relation to the conduct of the relevant Limited Party.

--- Page 81 ---
67 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered form, 
without interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note) or a permanent bearer global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note) in each case, as so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Whilst any Bearer 
Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount 
payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation and, 
at maturity, surrender of the Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (b) for security printed definitive Bearer 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already 
been given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary 
Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes, Exchange Event 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and is continuing or (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary on their behalf (acting on 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Bearer Global Notes and definitive Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and which have an initial maturity of more than 365 days and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss 
on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 82 ---
68 
 
 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Registered Global 
Note). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
for such common depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Persons holding beneficial interests in 
Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes will be made to the person shown 
on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Notes in the manner set out in 
Condition 7.4. None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (in each case, acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different 
from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Temporary Bearer Global Note or Permanent Bearer Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Registered 
Global Note is registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(i) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules 
and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding (an Electronic Consent as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including 
matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the special 
quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not 
they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consents or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to

--- Page 83 ---
69 
 
 
such Global Note or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on 
written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially 
held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and 
provided that, in each case, the Issuer obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of 
such holding and has taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of 
such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. As used in this paragraph, "commercially reasonable evidence" includes any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an 
accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic 
records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
Creation Online system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular 
principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any 
certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found 
to be forged or not authentic. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become 
due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has 
not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, (a) will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 8 September 2021 and executed by the Issuer, and (b) will have no further rights under such Global Note (but 
without prejudice to the rights which such holders or any other person may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 84 ---
70 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] [(EUWA)] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 85 ---
71 
 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA) - 
[Notice to be included if classification of the Notes is not "prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA.]] 
[Date] 
BURGAN SENIOR SPC LIMITED 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 558600G8B5ZWQJ91NK28 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. 
under the U.S.$1,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 8 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) (the Base Prospectus). 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]3 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer (Office 1407, 14th Floor, Burj 
Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates), the registered office of 
the Guarantor (P.O. Box 5389, Safat 12170, Kuwait) and copies may be obtained from the specified office of the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent (8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ).] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 8 September 2021 and the supplement to it dated  which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 8 September 2021.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation)]4 and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 8 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus], in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus 
has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer (Office 1407, 14th Floor, Burj Daman, Dubai 
International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates), the registered office of the Guarantor 
(P.O. Box 5389, Safat 12170, Kuwait) and copies may be obtained from the specified office of the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent (8 Canada Square, London, E14 5HQ).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Burgan Senior SPC Limited 
2. 
Guarantor: 
Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. 
3. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date]/[the date that is 40 days after the 
                                                     
3  
All references to the Prospectus Regulation, including this reference, to be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to listing on the 
official list, and to trading on the regulated market, of Euronext Dublin or other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
4  
All references to the Prospectus Regulation, including this reference, to be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to listing on the 
official list, and to trading on the regulated market, of Euronext Dublin or other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.

--- Page 86 ---
72 
 
 
Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
22 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]]][Not Applicable] 
4. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[          ]] 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[          ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of this Tranche [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
7. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can 
be made) 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, 
or a specific segment of a regulated market, to 
which only qualified investors have access)  
 
(Note — for Bearer Notes, where multiple 
denominations above [€100,000] or equivalent 
and multiples of a lower nominal amount (e.g. 
€1,000) are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed:   
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading 
on 
a 
European 
Economic 
Area 
exchange; and (ii) only offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is not required to be published under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation, 
the 
€100,000 
minimum denomination is not required.) 
(i) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to calculation of 
interest whilst the Notes are in global form, see the 
Conditions): 
[          ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
73 
 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — specify date/Floating rate — 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
(Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes where the Interest Payment Dates and the 
amount of interest to be paid on such Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention, it 
will be necessary to use the following wording: 
"Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]") 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[EURIBOR/LIBID/LIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SI
BOR/KLIBOR/EIBOR/ 
SAIBOR/BBSW/JPY 
LIBOR/PRIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR/SOFR] +/– [          ] per 
cent. 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
(see paragraph [15] [16] [(xiii)] below) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [          ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 
and 
16 
below 
and 
identify 
there][Not 
Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraphs 20 and 21 below)] 
14. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior  
(ii) 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee: 
Senior 
(iii) 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes and 
Deed of Guarantee obtained:  
[          ] [and [          ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Deed of Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the

--- Page 88 ---
74 
 
 
Maturity Date]/[specify other] 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates and the 
amount of interest to be paid on such Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification, 
specify a Business Day Convention in paragraph 
15(iii) below (which is expected to be the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention) 
and add the words ", subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle 
payments 
in 
the 
applicable 
RMB 
Settlement Centre" after "Maturity Date" in this 
subparagraph (b)) 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business  
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in definitive 
form (and in relation to Notes in global form see 
the Conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes 
where Interest Payment Dates and the amount of 
interest to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention, the following 
alternative wording is appropriate: "Each Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount 
shall 
be 
calculated 
by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest 
and the Calculation Amount by the Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being rounded 
upwards.") 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in global form see the 
Conditions):  
[          ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [          ] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or Actual/365 
(Fixed)5] 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[          ] [Subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
                                                     
5  
Applicable to Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
75 
 
 
below/Not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (ii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/Not applicable] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent):  
[          ] [Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] 
month 
[[EURIBOR/LIBID/LIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/SI
BOR/KLIBOR/EIBOR/ 
SAIBOR/BBSW/JPY 
LIBOR/PRIBOR/CNH HIBOR/TRLIBOR or 
TRYLIBOR/TIBOR] calculated in accordance 
with 
Condition 
6.2(b)(ii) 
(Screen 
Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes not 
Referencing SOFR)] / [SOFR] calculated in 
accordance with Condition 6.2(b)(iii) (Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Referencing SOFR)] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]/[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period]/[First day of 
each Interest Period]/[The [•][first, second, third 
etc.] Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for each Interest Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of 
each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off 
Date - Include this wording for Payment Delay 
only]] *  
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately or, in the case of EIBOR, if not 
Reuters AEIBOR, ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate) 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[          ] 
                                                     
* 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date where the Reference Rate is SOFR.

--- Page 90 ---
76 
 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[          ] 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average[ / [Compounded Daily] / 
[SOFR Index] 
• 
Observation Method 
[Lag]/[Lock-out] / [Observation Shift] / 
[Payment Delay]/ [Not Applicable] / [SOFR 
Index] 
• 
Observation Look- Back Period: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]* / [SOFR Index] 
• 
Effective Interest Payment Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the 
Effective Interest Payment Date with respect to 
the last Interest Period will be the Maturity Date 
or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes before 
the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption - 
used for Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable – used for Payment Delay only]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based 
option, the first day of the Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/ – ] [          ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum  
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum  
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling)  
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
(xiii) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(xiv) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
                                                     
* 
The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period between the Interest Payment Date 
and the Interest Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the 
Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 91 ---
77 
 
 
(xv) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(xvi) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts and late payment: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 8.4 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
(i) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[          ]  
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [5] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
(vi) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(vii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(viii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(ix) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount] 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per

--- Page 92 ---
78 
 
 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as 
to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event]  
 
[Registered Notes: Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note or Permanent Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].")

--- Page 93 ---
79 
 
 
20. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which item 16(iii) relates)  
 
21. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
22. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
RMB Currency Event: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Relevant Currency for Condition 7.7 (RMB Currency 
Event): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
25. 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Pages for Condition 7.7 (RMB 
Currency Event): 
(i)  
Relevant 
Spot 
Rate 
Screen 
Page 
(Deliverable Basis): [ ] [Not  
Applicable] 
(ii)  
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page (Non-
deliverable Basis): [ ] [Not  
Applicable] 
(For U.S. dollars, use Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY and Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF, 
respectively.) 
 
26. 
Party responsible for calculating the Spot Rate for 
Condition 7.7 (RMB Currency Event): 
 
 
[give name (the Calculation Agent)][Not 
Applicable] 
27. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of Burgan Senior SPC Limited: 
Signed on behalf of Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. 
 
 
By:  ...............................................................  
By:  ................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
80 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the official 
list of Euronext Dublin] with effect from [          ].]  
 [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[          ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business – 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
(ii) 
Estimated amount of net proceeds: 
[          ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[          ] per cent. per annum on an annual basis. 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website

--- Page 95 ---
81 
 
 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[          ] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any) 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
82 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be lent by the Issuer to the Guarantor and will be applied by the 
Guarantor for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 97 ---
83 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in the Dubai International Financial Centre on 3 November 2015 as a special purpose 
company under the Companies Law, DIFC Law No. 3 of 2006 and the Special Purpose Company Regulations and with 
registered number 1995. 
Registered office 
The Issuer's registered office is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Office 1407, 14th Floor, Burj Daman, 
Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and its telephone number is +971 
4511 4200. 
Business of the Issuer 
The primary purpose of the Issuer is to issue the Notes and to undertake any ancillary activities.  
Administration 
Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited acts as the corporate service provider of the Issuer (in such capacity, the 
Corporate Service Provider). The office of the Corporate Service Provider serves as the general business office of the 
Issuer. Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of a corporate services agreement dated 8 February 2016 entered 
into between the Issuer and the Corporate Service Provider (the Corporate Services Agreement), the Corporate Service 
Provider has agreed to perform in the United Arab Emirates and/or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the 
parties from time to time various management functions on behalf of the Issuer and the provision of certain clerical, 
administrative and other services until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Issuer and the Corporate 
Service Provider have also entered into a registered office agreement (the Registered Office Agreement) for the 
provision of registered office facilities to the Issuer. In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Service Provider 
will receive various fees payable by the Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. 
The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement and Registered Office Agreement provide that either the Issuer or the 
Corporate Service Provider may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any 
breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, the Corporate Services Agreement and the 
Registered Office Agreement provide that either party shall be entitled to terminate such agreements by giving at least 
one month's notice in writing to the other party with a copy to the DIFC Registrar of Companies. Furthermore, the 
Corporate Service Provider has the right to terminate such agreements in the event that there is a change in the 
shareholding of the Issuer or the Issuer has breached, or is unable to satisfy, any of its obligations under the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement. 
The Corporate Service Provider will be subject to the overview of the Issuer's Board of Directors. 
The Corporate Service Provider's principal office is Office 1407, 14th Floor, Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial 
Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
The directors of the Issuer are employees and/or officers of the Corporate Service Provider. The Issuer has no employees 
and is not expected to have any employees in the future. 
Directors 
The directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Kathleen Ramos 
Assistant Vice President of Maples Fund Services (Middle 
East) Limited 
Norbert Neijzen 
Regional Head of Fiduciary, Middle East, Maples Fund 
Services (Middle East) Limited 
No director of the Issuer has any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the director's private interests and the 
director's duties to the Issuer. 
The directors of the Issuer do not hold any direct, indirect, beneficial or economic interest in any of the shares of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 98 ---
84 
 
 
As a matter of Dubai International Financial Centre law, each director of the Issuer is under a duty to act honestly and in 
good faith with a view to the best interests of the Issuer, regardless of any other interests the director may have. 
The business address of the directors of the Issuer is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Office 1407, 14th 
Floor, Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
Secretary 
Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited – see address above. 
Share capital 
The Issuer has an authorised share capital of U.S.$100 consisting of 100 shares of U.S.$1 nominal value each, of which 
all 100 shares have been issued and fully paid up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
The rights of the Guarantor as the shareholder of the Issuer are contained in the articles of association of the Issuer and 
the Issuer will be managed in its capacity in accordance with those articles the Corporate Services Agreement and the 
provisions of DIFC law.

--- Page 99 ---
85 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The selected financial information below has been extracted from, should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to, the Group's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information and the notes 
thereto as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and the Group's consolidated financial statements and the notes 
thereto as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, which have each been incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data 
The following table shows the Group's consolidated statement of financial position data as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
 
(KD 000's) 
 
(KD 000's) 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ............................
 758,468 
819,477
614,488 
1,164,270 
Treasury bills and bonds with  
CBK and others .............................................
 229,483 
243,550
287,951 
380,228 
Due from banks and other  
financial institutions ......................................
 364,948 
469,517
704,768 
594,265 
Loans and advances to customers .................
 4,239,103 
4,345,058
4,284,320 
4,262,740 
Investment securities ....................................
 620,472 
591,668
538,624 
544,255 
Other assets ...................................................
 275,800 
215,769
226,641 
224,633 
Property and equipment ................................
 158,557 
157,143
113,860 
109,050 
Intangible assets ............................................
 19,331 
20,344
22,903 
32,639 
 
 6,666,162 
6,862,526
6,793,555 
7,312,080 
Disposal group held for sale .........................
 279,516 
243,558
287,458 
- 
Total Assets..................................................
 6,945,678 
7,106,084
7,081,013 
7,312,080 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
Due to banks .................................................
 296,075 
413,717
512,860 
1,061,307 
Due to other financial institutions .................
 310,641 
610,254
711,496 
804,004 
Deposits from customers ..............................
 4,349,869 
4,091,383
3,991,017 
3,767,540 
Other borrowed funds ...................................
 666,764 
679,096
455,945 
456,164 
Other liabilities  ............................................
 223,076 
238,700
237,259 
275,585 
 
5,846,425 
6,033,150
5,908,577 
6,364,600 
Liabilities directly associated with the 
disposal group held for sale ..........................
 229,097 
193,170
220,178 
- 
Total Liabilities ...........................................
 6,075,522 
6,226,320
6,128,755 
6,364,600 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
Share capital..................................................
 275,625 
262,500 
262,500 
250,000 
Share premium ..............................................
 249,052 
249,052 
249,052 
249,052 
Treasury shares .............................................
 (1,742) 
(1,742)
(1,742)
(2,518)
Statutory reserve ...........................................
 102,971 
102,971
99,465 
90,545 
Voluntary reserve ..........................................
 103,349 
103,349 
99,843 
90,923 
Treasury shares reserve .................................
 43,135 
43,135
43,135 
43,215 
Fair value reserve ..........................................
 (57,040) 
(49,953)
(30,564)
(24,284)
Share based compensation reserve ................
 564 
564
564 
564 
Foreign currency translation reserve .............
 (194,457) 
(181,259)
(151,972)
(137,871)
Other reserves ...............................................
 12,531 
8,645
8,674 
22,057 
Retained earnings ..........................................
 144,580 
150,011
172,205 
170,653

--- Page 100 ---
86 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
 
(KD 000's) 
 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
 
 
 
Total equity attributable to the equity 
holders of the Bank ..................................
 678,568 
687,273
751,160 
752,336 
Perpetual Tier 1 capital securities .................
 150,525 
151,625
151,525 
144,025 
Non-controlling interests ..............................
 41,063 
40,866
49,573 
51,119 
Total Equity .................................................
 870,156 
879,764
952,258 
947,480 
Total Liabilities and Equity .......................
 6,945,678 
7,106,084
7,081,013 
7,312,080 
 
  
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
The following table shows the Group's consolidated statement of income data for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and 
30 June 2020 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018.  
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income ..........................................
 125,603 
146,499 
270,262
346,597 
378,676
Interest expense ........................................
 (64,104) 
(72,541)
(130,243)
(179,476) 
(194,667)
Net interest income .................................
 61,499 
73,958 
140,019
167,121 
184,009
Fee and commission income .....................
 21,538 
19,979 
38,360
44,768 
45,416
Fee and commission expense ....................
 (2,990) 
(3,031)
(5,687)
(6,401) 
(6,963)
Net fee and commission income .............
 18,548 
16,948 
32,673
38,367 
38,453
Net gain from foreign currencies ..............
 7,312 
3,749
10,094
7,130 
10,832
Net investment income .............................
 13,945 
4,545
15,853
14,138 
3,750
Dividend income .......................................
 746 
1,071
1,869
7,364 
11,893
Other income1 ...........................................
 9,974 
7,318
12,262
14,030 
16,332
Operating income2 ..................................
 112,024 
107,589 
212,770
248,150 
265,269
Staff expenses ...........................................
 (22,640) 
(23,765)
(47,280)
(49,699) 
(50,737)
Other expenses ..........................................
 (22,287) 
(22,968)
(49,950)
(52,505) 
(60,993)
Operating profit before credit losses 
and other provisions3…. .........................
 67,097 
60,856 
115,540
145,946 
153,539
Provision for credit losses .........................
 (39,107) 
(31,609)
(76,416)
(49,141) 
(62,254)
Provision (release) charge for other 
financial assets ..........................................
 289 
(1,071)
(736)
(73) 
912
Profit for the period/year before 
taxation and board of directors' 
remuneration ...........................................
 28,279 
28,176 
38,388
96,732 
92,197
Taxation ....................................................
(3,118) 
(4,060)
(4,302)
(11,771) 
(8,413)
Board of directors' remuneration ..............
- 
-
-
(90) 
(90)
Profit for the period/year .......................
25,161 
24,116
34,086
84,871 
83,694
Attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the Bank .......................
24,020 
22,746
33,662
84,682 
82,579
Non-controlling interests ..........................
1,141 
1,370
424
189 
1,115
 
25,161 
24,116
34,086
84,871 
83,694
 
 
 
Basic and diluted earnings per share 
7.6 
5.8
9.4
24.1 
29.6
                                                     
1 'Other income' is disclosed as 'Other income (net)' in the Annual Financial Statements. 
2 'Operating income' is disclosed as 'Other income (net)' in the 2020 Annual Financial Statements. 
3 'Operating profit before credit losses and other provisions' is disclosed as 'Operating profit before provisions' in the Annual Financial Statements.

--- Page 101 ---
87 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
attributable to the equity holders of 
the Bank (Fils) .........................................
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Data 
The following table shows the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income data for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 and 30 June 2020 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the period/year .......................
25,161 
24,116
34,086
84,871 
83,694
Other comprehensive (loss) income:  .....
 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to 
interim 
condensed 
consolidated 
/ 
consolidated statement of income in 
subsequent periods: 
 
 
Net change in fair value of equity 
instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .............................
(3,167) 
(10,573)
(20,480)
(6,606) 
(18,216)
 
(3,167) 
(10,573)
(20,480)
(6,606) 
(18,216)
Items that will be reclassified to interim 
condensed consolidated / consolidated 
statement of income in subsequent 
periods: 
 
 
Debt instruments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income: 
 
 
Net change in fair value  ...........................
(3,963) 
5,203
9,442
2,039 
(3,801)
Changes in allowance for expected 
credit losses  ..............................................
(109) 
272
111
14 
(43)
Net transfer to interim condensed 
consolidated / consolidated statement of 
income ......................................................
(418) 
(2,819)
(8,589)
(2,033) 
1,404
Foreign currency translation  
adjustment .................................................
(13,921) 
(15,849)
(43,551)
(13,246) 
(40,974)
Changes in fair value of cash flow 
hedges  ......................................................
2,595 
1,456
1,723
(6,988) 
3,518
Net gain (loss) on hedge of a net 
investment  ................................................
1,805 
4,437
4,562
(7,439) 
17,007
Other comprehensive loss for the 
period/year ..............................................
(17,178) 
(17,873)
(56,782)
(34,259) 
(41,105)
Total comprehensive income (loss) for 
the period/year ........................................
7,983 
6,243
(22,696)
50,612 
42,589
Attributable to: 
 
 
Equity holders of the Bank .......................
7,625 
5,102
(15,043)
50,897 
41,878
Non-controlling interests  .........................
358 
1,141
(7,653)
(285) 
711
 
7,983 
6,243
(22,696)
50,612 
42,589

--- Page 102 ---
88 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Data 
The following table shows the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows data for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
and 30 June 2020 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Operating activities 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the period/year before taxation 
and board of directors' remuneration ........
28,279 
28,176
38,388 
96,732
92,197
 
 
Adjustments: 
 
Net investment income  ............................
(13,945)
(4,545)
(15,853)
(14,138)
(3,750)
Provision for credit losses  ........................
39,107 
31,609
76,416 
49,141
62,254
Provision (release) charge for other 
financial assets……………………. 
(289)
1,071
736 
73
(912)
Interest payment on AT1 Securities ..........
- 
-
-
496
-
Dividend income .......................................
(746)
(1,071)
(1,869)
(7,364)
(11,893)
Depreciation and amortisation  .................
4,815 
7,320
12,646 
15,650
12,309
Other income  ...........................................
- 
-
(3,432)
(7,434)
-
Gain on sale of property and equipment ...
- 
-
-
(10,449)
-
Loss on measurement of disposal group 
held for sale...............................................
- 
-
688 
10,664
-
Operating profit before changes in 
operating assets and liabilities 
57,221 
62,560
107,720 
133,371
150,205
 
 
Changes 
in 
operating 
assets 
and 
liabilities: 
 
Treasury bills and bonds with CBK and 
others  .......................................................
21,423 
(4,441)
33,233 
67,486
109,146
Due from banks and other financial 
institutions ................................................
107,046 
319,742
240,858 
(144,835)
37,484
Loans and advances to customers  ............
14,569 
(133,235)
(130,523)
(109,698)
82,399
Other assets  ..............................................
(17,466)
8,254
42,533 
(26,537)
(31,047)
Due to banks  ............................................
(118,034)
3,638
(98,685)
(546,838)
177,583
Due to other financial institutions  ............
(299,613)
23,322
(101,242)
(92,508)
(171,160)
Deposits from customers  .........................
299,132 
55,928
69,839 
439,588
(386,868)
Other liabilities  ........................................
(22,796)
(21,453)
14,082 
(63,288)
63,940
Taxation paid  ...........................................
(1,212)
(3,095)
(5,029)
(5,680)
(8,620)
Net cash flows from (used in) 
operating activities  .................................
40,270 
311,220
172,786 
(348,939)
23,062
 
 
Investing activities 
 
Purchase of investment securities  ............
(325,018)
(434,152)
(763,513)
(603,161)
(505,700)
Proceeds from sale of investment 
securities  ..................................................
306,988 
348,943
706,284 
601,529
584,622
Advance (repaid) / received for sale of 
subsidiary ..................................................
- 
-
(7,981)
7,981
-
Purchase of property and equipment, net 
of disposals  ..............................................
(4,635)
(16,891)
(50,619)
(6,339)
(15,658)
Net 
movement 
in 
non-controlling 
interest  .....................................................
- 
-
-
(480)
431
Dividends received  ..................................
746 
1,071
1,869
7,364
11,893
Net cash flows (used in) from 
investing activities  ..................................
(21,919)
(101,029)
(113,960)
6,894
75,588

--- Page 103 ---
89 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
Financing activities 
 
Other borrowed funds  ..............................
(12,685)
4,332
223,018 
267
133,670
Sale of treasury shares  .............................
- 
-
-
696
205
Cash dividend paid to equity holders of 
the Bank  ...................................................
(13,102)
(31,445)
(31,445)
(29,924)
(15,021)
Cash dividend paid to non-controlling 
interests  ....................................................
(161)
-
(1,054)
(781)
(612)
Proceeds from share capital increase  .......
- 
-
-
-
62,551
Net proceeds from issue of Tier 1 
capital securities ........................................
- 
-
-
150,558
-
Repayment of Tier 1 capital securities ......
- 
-
-
(152,403)
-
Interest payment on Tier 1 capital 
securities  ..................................................
(4,328)
(4,426)
(8,800)
(14,019)
(10,930)
Net cash flows (used in) from 
financing activities  .................................
(30,276)
(31,539)
181,719 
(45,606)
169,863
Net (decrease) increase in cash and 
cash equivalents 
(11,925)
178,652
240,545 
(387,651)
268,513
Effect of foreign currency translation  ......
(13,945)
(15,545)
(37,490)
(15,111)
(40,963)
Transition adjustment on adoption of 
IFRS 9  ......................................................
- 
-
-
-
(454)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January  ...
964,563 
761,508
761,508
1,164,270
937,174
Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June 
/ 31 December  .........................................
938,693 
924,615
964,563
761,508
1,164,270
 
 
Additional cash flow information: 
 
Interest received  .......................................
117,733 
110,995
267,970
389,867
346,513
Interest paid  .............................................
72,915 
70,848
140,691
193,932
192,189
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data 
As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group's consolidated total assets stood at KD 6,945.7 million compared to KD 7,106.1 million as 
at 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of 2.3 per cent. The decrease in consolidated total assets was primarily a 
result of a 22.3 per cent. decrease in dues from banks and other financial institutions from KD 469.5 million as at 31 
December 2020 to KD 364.9 million as at 30 June 2021. As at 30 June 2021, loans and advances to customers (net of 
provisions), which accounted for 61.0 per cent. of the Group's total assets, decreased by 2.4 per cent., from KD 4,345.1 
million as at 31 December 2020 to KD 4,239.1 million as at 30 June 2021.  
The table below shows the Group's gross loans and advances to customers, provisions and net loans and advances to 
customers to total deposit ratio as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers(1)  ................... 
4,471,844 
4,586,132 
Less: provision ............................................................. 
(232,741) 
(241,074) 
Net loans and advances to customers(2) .................... 
4,239,103 
4,345,058 
Loans to customer deposits .......................................... 
97.5% 
106.2% 
Net loans and advances to customers/total deposits(3) . 
85.5% 
84.9%

--- Page 104 ---
90 
 
 
Notes:  
(1) Gross loans and advances to customers comprises total loans and advances provided to customers disregarding 
provision.  
(2) Net loans and advances to customers comprise gross loans and advances to customers less provision.  
(3) Total deposits comprises due to banks, due to other financial institutions and deposits from customers. 
Cash and cash equivalents, which represented 10.9 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 30 June 2021, decreased by 
7.4 per cent. from KD 819.5 million as at 31 December 2020 to KD 758.5 million as at 30 June 2021. This decrease was 
primarily due to a 70.6 per cent. decrease in balances with CBK, from KD 260.6 million as at 31 December 2020 to KD 
76.5 million as at 30 June 2021. 
Treasury bills and bonds with CBK and others decreased by 5.8 per cent. from KD 243.6 million as at 31 December 2020 
to KD 229.5 million as at 30 June 2021. Investment securities increased by 4.9 per cent. from KD 591.7 million as at 31 
December 2020 to KD 620.5 million as at 30 June 2021. Due from banks and other financial institutions decreased by 
22.3 per cent. from KD 469.5 million as at 31 December 2020 to KD 364.9 million as at 30 June 2021. 
As at 30 June 2021, the consolidated total liabilities of the Group decreased by 2.4 per cent. to KD 6,075.5 million as 
compared to KD 6,226.3 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Customer deposits (which as at 30 June 2021 constituted 71.6 per cent. of the Group's total liabilities) increased by 6.3 
per cent. from KD 4,091.4 million as at 31 December 2020 to KD 4,349.9 million as at 30 June 2021. However, other 
borrowed funds decreased by 1.8 per cent. from KD 679.1 million as at 31 December 2020 to KD 666.8 million as at 30 
June 2021. Due to banks also decreased during the first six months of 2021, from KD 413.7 million as at 31 December 
2020 to KD 296.1 million as at 30 June 2021, representing a decrease of 28.4 per cent. 
The table below shows the Group's funding in the form of due to banks, due to other financial institutions, deposits from 
customers, other borrowed funds and other liabilities as at 30 June 2021. 
 
 
30 June 2021 
 
(KD 000's) 
(Unaudited) 
(% of total liabilities) 
 
Due to banks………………………………………………... 
 296,075  
4.9% 
Due to other financial institutions………………….............. 
 310,641  
5.1% 
Deposits from customers…………………………………… 
 4,349,869  
71.6% 
Other borrowed funds……………………………………… 
 666,764  
11.0% 
Other liabilities……………………………………………... 
 223,076  
3.7% 
Total funding……………………………………………… 
5,846,425 
96.2% 
Liabilities directly associated with the disposal group held for 
sale……………………………………………………… 
229,097 
3.8% 
Total Liabilities ………………………………………….. 
 6,075,522  
100.0% 
As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's consolidated total assets stood at KD 7,106.1 million compared to KD 7,081.0 
million as at 31 December 2019, representing an increase of 0.4 per cent. The increase in consolidated total assets was 
primarily a result of a 33.4 per cent. increase in cash and cash equivalents from KD 614.5 million as at 31 December 
2019 to KD 819.5 million as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020, loans and advances to customers (net of 
provisions), which accounted for 61.1 per cent. of the Group's total assets, increased by 1.4 per cent., from KD 4,284.3 
million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 4,345.1 million as at 31 December 2020. This increase was primarily due to an 
increase of 2.9 per cent. in gross loans and advances to corporate customers from KD 4,101.8 million as at 31 December 
2019 to KD 4,222.0 million as at 31 December 2020.  
The table below shows the Group's loans and advances to customers portfolio, provisions and net loans and advances to 
customers to deposit ratios as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.

--- Page 105 ---
91 
 
 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers(1)  ................................. 
4,586,132 
4,497,169 
Less: provision ........................................................................... 
(241,074) 
(212,849) 
Net loans and advances to customers(2) .................................. 
4,345,058 
4,284,320 
Loans to customer deposits ........................................................ 
106.2%  
 107.3% 
Net loans and advances to customers/total deposits(3) ............... 
84.9%  
 
82.1% 
Notes:  
(1) Gross loans and advances to customers comprises total loans and advances provided to customers disregarding 
provision.  
(2) Net loans and advances to customers comprise gross loans and advances to customers less provision.  
(3) Total deposits comprises due to banks, due to other financial institutions and deposits from customers. 
Cash and cash equivalents, which represented 11.5 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2020, increased 
by 33.4 per cent. from KD 614.5 million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 819.5 million as at 31 December 2020. This 
increase was primarily due to a 155.7 per cent. increase in balances with the CBK, from KD 101.9 million as at 31 
December 2019 to KD 260.6 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Treasury bills and bonds with the CBK and others decreased by 15.4 per cent. from KD 288.0 million as at 31 December 
2019 to KD 243.6 million as at 31 December 2020. Investment securities increased by 9.8 per cent. from KD 538.6 
million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 591.7 million as at 31 December 2020. Due from banks and other financial 
institutions decreased by 33.4 per cent. from KD 704.8 million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 469.5 million as at 31 
December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the consolidated total liabilities of the Group increased by 1.6 per cent. to KD 6,226.3 million 
compared to KD 6,128.8 million as at 31 December 2019. The increase was primarily a result of a 48.9 per cent. increase 
in other borrowed funds from KD 455.9 million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 679.1 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Customer deposits (which as at 31 December 2020 constituted 65.7 per cent. of the Group's total liabilities) increased by 
2.5 per cent. from KD 3,991.0 million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 4,091.4 million as at 31 December 2020. Other 
borrowed funds increased by 48.9 per cent. from KD 455.9 million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 679.1 million as at 31 
December 2020. However, due to banks decreased during 2020, from KD 512.9 million as at 31 December 2019 to KD 
413.7 million as at 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of 19.3 per cent., reflecting decrease in amounts due to 
banks for the Bank in Kuwait. 
The table below shows the Group's funding in the form of due to banks, due to other financial institutions, deposits from 
customers, other borrowed funds and other liabilities as at 31 December 2020. 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
(KD 000's) 
(% of total liabilities) 
 
 
 
Due to banks  ............................................................................. 
413,717 
6.6% 
Due to other financial institutions .............................................. 
610,254 
9.8% 
Deposits from customers ........................................................... 
4,091,383 
65.7% 
Other borrowed funds ................................................................ 
679,096 
10.9% 
Other liabilities .......................................................................... 
238,700 
3.8% 
Total funding ............................................................................ 
6,033,150 
96.9% 
Liabilities directly associated with the disposal group held for sale
 ................................................................................................... 
193,170 
3.1% 
Total Liabilities ........................................................................ 
6,226,320 
100.0% 
As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
As at 31 December 2019, the Group's consolidated total assets stood at KD 7,081.0 million compared to KD 7,312.1 
million as at 31 December 2018, representing a decrease of 3.2 per cent. The decrease in consolidated total assets was 
primarily a result of a 47.2 per cent. decrease in cash and cash equivalents from KD 1,164.3 million as at 31 December

--- Page 106 ---
92 
 
 
2018 to KD 614.5 million as at 31 December 2019. As at 31 December 2019, loans and advances to customers (net of 
provisions), which accounted for 60.5 per cent. of the Group's total assets, increased by 0.5 per cent., from KD 4,262.7 
million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 4,284.3 million as at 31 December 2019. This increase was primarily due to an 
increase of 1.9 per cent. in gross loans and advances to corporate customers from KD 4,023.9 million as at 31 December 
2018 to KD 4,101.8 million as at 31 December 2019. 
The table below shows the Group's loans and advances to customers portfolio, provisions and net loans and advances to 
customers to deposit ratios as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
 
(KD 000's unless 
otherwise stated) 
(KD 000's unless 
otherwise states) 
 
 
 
Gross loans and advances to customers(1)  ................................. 
4,497,169 
4,451,544 
Less: provision ........................................................................... 
(212,849) 
(188,804) 
Net loans and advances to customers(2) .................................. 
4,284,320 
4,262,740 
Loans to customer deposits ........................................................ 
107.3% 
113.1% 
Net loans and advances to customers/total deposits(3) ............... 
82.1% 
75.7% 
Notes:  
(1) Gross loans and advances to customers comprises total loans and advances provided to customers disregarding 
provision.  
(2) Net loans and advances to customers comprise gross loans and advances to customers less provision.  
(3) Total deposits comprises due to banks, due to other financial institutions and deposits from customers. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents, which represented 8.7 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2019, decreased 
by 47.2 per cent. from KD 1,164.3 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 614.5 million as at 31 December 2019. This 
decrease was primarily due to a 55.0 per cent. decrease in due from banks and other financial institutions maturing within 
thirty days, from KD 530.5 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 238.6 million as at 31 December 2019. 
Treasury bills and bonds with the CBK and others decreased by 24.3 per cent. from KD 380.2 million as at 31 December 
2018 to KD 288.0 million as at 31 December 2019. Investment securities decreased by 1.0 per cent. from KD 544.3 
million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 538.6 million as at 31 December 2019. Due from banks and other financial 
institutions increased by 18.6 per cent. from KD 594.3 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 704.8 million as at 31 
December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2019, the consolidated total liabilities of the Group decreased by 3.7 per cent. to KD 6,128.8 million 
compared to KD 6,364.6 million as at 31 December 2018. The decrease was primarily a result of a 51.7 per cent. 
decrease in due to banks from KD 1,061.3 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 512.9 million as at 31 December 2019. 
Customer deposits (which as at 31 December 2019 constituted 65.1 per cent. of the Group's total liabilities) increased by 
5.9 per cent. from KD 3,767.5 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 3,991.0 million as at 31 December 2019. This 
increase primarily reflected increases in customer deposits with the Bank in Kuwait and BBT. However, other borrowed 
funds decreased by 0.05 per cent. from KD 456.2 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 456.0 million as at 31 
December 2019. Due to banks also decreased during 2019, from KD 1,061.3 million as at 31 December 2018 to KD 
512.9 million as at 31 December 2019, representing a decrease of 51.7 per cent., reflecting decrease in amounts due to 
banks for the Bank in Kuwait and BBT. 
The table below shows the Group's funding in the form of due to banks, due to other financial institutions, deposits from 
customers, other borrowed funds and other liabilities as at 31 December 2019. 
 
 
31 December 2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
(% of total liabilities) 
 
 
 
Due to banks  ............................................................................. 
512,860 
8.4% 
Due to other financial institutions .............................................. 
711,496 
11.6% 
Deposits from customers ........................................................... 
3,991,017 
65.1%

--- Page 107 ---
93 
 
 
 
31 December 2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
(% of total liabilities) 
Other borrowed funds ................................................................ 
455,945 
7.4% 
Other liabilities .......................................................................... 
237,259 
3.9% 
Total funding ............................................................................ 
5,908,577 
96.4% 
Liabilities directly associated with the disposal group held for sale
 ................................................................................................... 
220,178 
3.6% 
Total Liabilities ........................................................................ 
6,128,755 
100.0% 
Consolidated Assets - Geographic segmentation 
The following table sets out the Bank’s consolidated assets by country as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
(Unaudited) 
2020 
 
2019 
 
2018 
 
 
(KD million) 
Assets – Geographical segmentation 
 
 
 
 
Kuwait ............................................  
5,348.3  
5,569.4  
5,528.0 
5,551.6 
Turkey .............................................  
999.2  
1,094.6  
1,121.7 
1,279.1 
Algeria ............................................  
668.6  
593.9  
589.8 
662.2 
Iraq ..................................................  
292.7  
243.6 
287.5 
277.4 
Tunisia ............................................  
153.0  
150.2  
164.1 
183.1 
Consolidation adjustments ..............  
(516.1) 
(545.6) 
(609.9) 
(641.3) 
Total ...............................................  
6,945.7  
7,106.1 
7,081.0 
7,312.1 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group's largest geographical asset exposure after Kuwait was Turkey, followed by Algeria, Iraq 
and Tunisia, representing 13.4 per cent., 9.0 per cent., 3.9 per cent. and 2.1 per cent. of the Group's total assets, 
respectively (calculated on a consolidated basis before consolidation adjustments). As at 31 December 2020, the Group's 
largest geographical asset exposure after Kuwait was Turkey, followed by Algeria, Iraq and Tunisia, representing 14.3 
per cent., 7.8 per cent., 3.2 per cent. and 2.0 per cent. of the Group's total assets, respectively (calculated on a 
consolidated basis before consolidation adjustments). As at 31 December 2019, the Group's largest geographical asset 
exposure after Kuwait was Turkey, followed by Algeria, Iraq and Tunisia, representing 14.6 per cent., 7.7 per cent., 3.7 
per cent. and 2.1 per cent. of the Group's total assets, respectively (calculated on a consolidated basis before 
consolidation adjustments).  
Consolidated Statement of Income and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Six months ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 
The Group's net interest income decreased by 16.8 per cent. from KD 74.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 
to KD 61.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021. This decrease was principally the result of a 14.3 per cent. 
decrease in interest income from KD 146.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 to KD 125.6 million for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021. Interest expense also decreased from KD 72.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 
2020 to KD 64.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021, representing a decrease of 11.6 per cent. The Group's 
net fee and commission income increased by 9.4 per cent. from KD 16.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 
to KD 18.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
The Group's operating income increased by 4.1 per cent. from KD 107.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 
to KD 112.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021. In addition, operating profit before credit losses and other 
provisions increased by 10.3 per cent. from KD 60.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 to KD 67.1 million 
for the six months ended 30 June 2021. Profit before taxation increased by 0.4 per cent. from KD 28.2 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 to KD 28.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021. Profit for the period increased by 
4.3 per cent. from KD 24.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020 to KD 25.2 million for the six months ended

--- Page 108 ---
94 
 
 
30 June 2021. This increase was primarily due to 23.2 per cent. decrease in taxation from KD 4.1 million for the six 
months ended 30 June 2020 to KD 3.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
The Group recorded total comprehensive income of KD 8.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 compared to a 
total comprehensive income of KD 6.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020, representing an increase of 27.9 
per cent. The increase was primarily due to a lower negative net change in fair value of equity instruments of KD 3.2 
million for the six months ended 30 June 2021 (compared to a negative net change in fair value of equity instruments of 
KD 10.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020). 
Years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
The Group's net interest income decreased by 16.2 per cent. from KD 167.1 million for the year ended 31 December 
2019 to KD 140.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was principally the result of 22.0 per 
cent. decrease in interest income from KD 346.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to KD 270.3 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2020. Interest expense also decreased from KD 179.5 million for the year ended 31 
December 2019 to KD 130.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of 27.4 per cent. The 
Group's net fee and commission income decreased by 14.8 per cent. from KD 38.4 million for the year ended 31 
December 2019 to KD 32.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group's operating income decreased by 14.3 per cent. from KD 248.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 
to KD 212.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. In addition, operating profit before credit losses and other 
provisions decreased by 20.8 per cent. from KD 145.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to KD 115.5 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. Profit before taxation and board of directors' remuneration decreased by 60.3 per 
cent. from KD 96.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to KD 38.4 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020. Profit for the year decreased by 59.8 per cent. from KD 84.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to KD 
34.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. This decrease was primarily due to 55.5 per cent. increase in 
provision for credit losses from KD 49.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 to KD 76.4 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
The Group recorded total comprehensive loss of KD 22.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 compared to a 
total comprehensive income of KD 50.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The decrease was primarily due 
to a higher negative foreign currency translation adjustment of KD 43.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(compared to a negative foreign currency translation adjustment of KD 13.2 million for the year ended 31 December 
2019) and a higher negative net change in fair value of equity instruments of KD 20.5 million for the year ended 31 
December 2020 (compared to a negative net change in fair value of equity instruments of KD 6.6 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2019). 
Years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
The Group's net interest income decreased by 9.2 per cent. from KD 184.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 
to KD 167.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This decrease was principally the result of 8.5 per cent. 
decrease in interest income from KD 378.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to KD 346.6 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2019. Interest expense also decreased from KD 194.7 million for the year ended 31 December 
2018 to KD 179.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing a decrease of 7.8 per cent. The Group's net 
fee and commission income decreased by 0.2 per cent. from KD 38.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 
KD 38.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The Group's operating income decreased by 6.5 per cent. from KD 265.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 
KD 248.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. In addition, operating profit before credit losses and other 
provisions decreased by 4.9 per cent. from KD 153.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to KD 145.9 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2019. Profit before taxation and board of directors' remuneration increased by 4.9 per 
cent. from KD 92.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to KD 96.7 million for the year ended 31 December 
2019. Profit for the year increased by 1.4 per cent. from KD 83.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to KD 
84.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase was primarily due to 21.1 per cent. decrease in

--- Page 109 ---
95 
 
 
provision for credit losses from KD 62.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2018 to KD 49.1 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
The Group recorded total comprehensive income of KD 50.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 compared to 
a total comprehensive income of KD 42.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2018, representing an increase of 18.8 
per cent. The increase was primarily due to a lower negative foreign currency translation adjustment of KD 13.2 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 (compared to a negative foreign currency translation adjustment of KD 41.0 
million for the year ended 31 December 2018) and a lower net negative change in fair value of equity instruments at fair 
value of KD 6.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (compared to a net negative change in fair value of equity 
instruments at fair value of KD 18.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2018). 
Consolidated Operating Income - Geographic segmentation 
The following table sets out the Bank’s consolidated operating income data by country for the six months ended 30 June 
2021 and 30 June 2020 and the years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(Unaudited) 
(KD million) 
 
(KD million) 
Operating Income 
 
 
Kuwait ............................................  
         58.8  
 52.0  
 106.8 
155.7
152.4
Turkey .............................................  
         18.1  
 22.3  
 40.7 
44.4
54.1
Algeria ............................................  
         17.6  
 23.0  
 40.8 
41.3
43.5
Iraq ..................................................  
          9.7  
 6.7  
 15.0 
9.4
10.7
Tunisia ............................................  
          2.4  
 2.3  
 7.7
6.4
6.6
Consolidation adjustments ..............  
          5.5  
1.3 
1.8
(9.1)
(2.0)
Total ...............................................  
       112.0  
107.6 
212.8
248.2
265.3
 
 
 
Key Financial Ratios 
The following table sets out certain key ratios calculated with results derived from the Financial Statements. These ratios 
are not calculated on the basis of IFRS and are not IFRS measures of financial performance. 
 
Key Measures of Profitability 
Six months 
ended 30 June 
Year Ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Return on Average1 Assets (ROAA)2  .......................... 
0.7 
0.5
1.2
1.1
Return on Average1 Equity (ROAE)3  .......................... 
7.0  
4.7
11.3
11.6
Net interest margin4  ..................................................... 
1.9  
2.1
2.4
2.6
Net interest spread5 ...................................................... 
1.6  
1.8
2.1
2.3
Efficiency 
 
Cost to income6  ..............................................................  
40.1  
45.7
41.2
42.1
Total operating expenses7 to average total assets ........ 
1.3  
1.4
1.4
1.5
Asset Quality 
 
Non-performing loans8 to cash exposure9  .................. 
4.5  
4.2
2.5
2.7
Risk provision10 to non-performing loans8  ................. 
120.5  
132.5
199.8
167.5
Non-performing loans8 net of collateral to cash exposure9  . 
1.2  
0.8
0.4
0.7
Non-performing assets8 to total exposure9 .................... 
3.7  
3.5
2.1
2.3
Risk provision10 to non-performing assets8 .................. 
124.1  
136.3
202.1
171.4
Non-performing assets8 net of collateral to total exposure9 ....
1.1  
0.8
0.4
0.7
Cost of credit ratio11  .................................................... 
1.7  
1.7
1.1
1.4
Funding / Liquidity / Capitalisation

--- Page 110 ---
96 
 
 
Loans to customer deposits .......................................... 
97.5  
106.2
107.3
113.1
Loans to total assets  .................................................... 
61.0  
61.1
60.5
58.3
Total assets to total equity12 .......................................... 
10.2  
10.3
9.4
9.7
Total liabilities to total equity12 ................................... 
9.0  
9.1
8.2
8.5
Capital Adequacy Ratio13 .............................................. 
16.5  
18.1
16.8
17.4
Tier 1 Capital Ratio13 ................................................... 
12.9  
12.9
14.0
14.4
Liquidity ratio14  ........................................................... 
19.5 
21.6
22.7
29.2
 
_____________________________ 
1 
Average numbers for 31 December are computed as average of the fiscal year end and corresponding preceding 
fiscal year end while average numbers for interim periods are computed as average of the period ended 30 June 2021 
and the last fiscal year end. 
2 
Calculated as profit for the year or annualised profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the Bank divided 
by average total assets. 
3 
Calculated as profit for the year or annualised profit for the period attributable to equity holders of the Bank divided 
by average total equity attributable to the equity holders of the Bank. 
4 
Calculated as net interest income for the year or annualised net interest income for the period divided by average 
interest earning assets. Interest earning assets comprise all assets excluding other assets, property and equipment, and 
intangible assets. The average for these assets is calculated as provided in Footnote 1 above. 
5 
Calculated as yield (interest income / average interest earning assets) less cost of funds (interest expenses / average 
interest-bearing liabilities). The interest income and interest expense are annualised for the six months ended 30 June 
2021. Interest bearing liabilities comprise due to banks, due to other financial institutions, deposits from customers 
and other borrowed funds. The average for these liabilities is calculated as provided in Footnote 1 above. 
6 
Calculated as total operating expenses (being the sum of staff expenses and other expenses) divided by operating 
income. 
7 
Sum of staff expenses and other expenses. Total operating expenses are annualised for the six months ended 30 June 
2021.  
8 
Non-performing loans constitute a subset of non-performing assets and includes exposures to OFIs / banks. In 
addition to loans and advances to customers and cash exposures to OFIs / banks, non-performing assets include non-
cash exposures. 
9 
Cash exposure includes cash credit facilities to customers, OFIs and banks (excluding placements). Total exposure 
includes cash and non-cash credit facilities to customers, OFIs and banks (excluding placements). 
10 
Risk provision against non-performing loans is a sub-set of risk provision against non-performing assets. In addition 
to total provisions, i.e. sum of general and specific provisions, available against loans and advances to customers and 
exposure to OFIs / banks, risk provision against non-performing assets also includes provisions for non-cash credit 
facilities. 
11 
Calculated as provision for credit losses for the year or annualised provision for credit losses for the period divided 
by gross loans and advances to customers. 
12 
Total equity represents total equity attributable to the equity holders of the Bank. 
13 
Calculated in accordance with the requirements of the CBK's Basel III regulations. 
14 
Calculated as the sum of cash and cash equivalents, treasury bills and bonds with CBK and others and due from 
banks and other financial institutions divided by total assets. 
Further information 
For further detail on the financial information of the Group, please see: (i) the notes to the 2021 Interim Financial 
Statements; (ii) the notes to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements; and (iii) the notes to the 2019 Annual Financial 
Statements. 
Recent Developments 
Update on Bank of Baghdad Disposal 
On 30 October 2019, the Board had approved the sale of the Bank's entire stake (51.79 per cent.) in BoB to a related 
party (United Gulf Holding Company BSC). Accordingly, as at 31 December 2019, BoB was classified as a disposal 
group held for sale in the 2019 Annual Financial Statements. However, on 10 June 2020, the sale of BoB was cancelled 
due to the challenging macroeconomic environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. On 16 November 2020, the

--- Page 111 ---
97 
 
 
Bank announced that it is currently in discussions with potential buyers to sell its 51.79 per cent. shareholding in BoB 
and accordingly it is classified as a disposal group held for sale in the 2020 Annual Financial Statements. 
Capital Increase 
On 31 August 2021, the Bank received the CBK's approval to increase its issued and paid-up capital by KD 75 million.

--- Page 112 ---
98 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
Overview 
The Bank was incorporated on 27 December 1975 in Kuwait by an Amiri Decree and is registered with the Ministry of 
Commerce and Industry under Commercial Registration No. 24067 and is listed on the Boursa Kuwait. 
The Bank operates principally in Kuwait, where it is a full service commercial bank. As at 30 June 2021, the Bank was 
Kuwait's second largest conventional commercial bank by total assets (based on the interim condensed consolidated 
financial information of the Bank and other conventional commercial banks in Kuwait for the six months ended 30 June 
2021). As at 30 June 2021, the Bank also has controlling interests in BBT, AGB, and BoB, operating in Turkey, Algeria 
and Iraq, respectively, and each of which is a full service commercial bank. The Bank also has a controlling interest in 
TIB, an offshore bank in Tunisia. 
The Bank, together with its subsidiaries, offers a wide range of commercial banking services to its corporate, private and 
retail banking customers. As at 30 June 2021, these services were offered through a distribution network of 30 branches 
and 157 ATMs in Kuwait, 61 branches and 104 ATMs in Algeria (through AGB), 33 branches and 67 ATMs in Iraq 
(through BoB), 32 branches and 32 ATMs in Turkey (through BBT), three branches in Tunisia (through TIB), and one 
branch and one ATM in Lebanon (through BoB), and one representative office in Libya (through TIB). In addition to this 
network, the Bank also offers internet and telephone banking to its customers. 
In addition to its subsidiaries, international banking activity is also undertaken through a number of correspondent 
banking relationships and a network of affiliate banks in the KIPCO group (as defined below) (including United Gulf 
Bank (UGB), Jordan Kuwait Bank Public Limited Shareholding Company (JKB) and FIMBank p.l.c., based in Malta 
(FIMBank)). 
The Bank is registered in the register of banks maintained by the CBK. The Bank's registered office is Burgan Tower, 
Abdullah Al-Ahmad Street, Al Sharq, Kuwait, Tel: +965 2298 8000. 
Listing and privatisation 
The Bank was listed on the Boursa Kuwait on 29 September 1984. At the close of trading on the Boursa Kuwait on 30 
June 2021, the Bank's share price was KD 0.226 giving it a market capitalisation of KD 621.8 million. 
As part of Kuwait's privatisation initiative across the banking industry, the Bank was privatised in 1997. The Government 
reduced its ownership in the Bank from 61.0 per cent. to less than 10.0 per cent. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Government continued to own (directly or indirectly) an equity stake of less than 10.0 per cent. in the Bank. 
Authorised and paid-up capital 
As at 30 June 2021, the Bank had an authorised share capital of 4,000,000,000 shares of 100 fils each, comprising 
2,756,250,000 issued and fully paid up shares of 100 fils each. 
On 10 October 2018, the Bank raised KD 62,551,198 by issuing 240,581,530 ordinary shares (the Rights Issue), which 
was approved by the Board of the Bank, and the relevant regulatory bodies. Shareholders were offered 240,581,530 
shares at an offer price of KD 0.260 per share, comprising a nominal value of KD 0.100 per share and a premium of KD 
0.160 per share. The Rights Issue was fully subscribed, resulting in a KD 24,058,153 increase in share capital, and a 
share premium of KD 38,493,045. 
At the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders held on 23 December 2018, the shareholders approved to 
increase the Bank's authorised capital from KD 250,000,000 to KD 400,000,000 and to amend article (6) of the Bank's 
Memorandum of Association and article (5) of the Articles of Association accordingly.

--- Page 113 ---
99 
 
 
Ownership and Dividends 
As at 30 June 2021, the following shareholders had holdings in excess of 5.0 per cent. of the Bank's issued ordinary share 
capital:  
 
Shareholders 
Percentage of shares* 
Number of ordinary shares 
 
(%) 
(KD millions) 
Kuwait Projects Company Holding K.S.C.P.**  ..........  
41.2 
1,134.9 
United Gulf Holding Company B.S.C.  ........................  
15.0 
413.5 
Public Institution for Social Security ............................  
7.6 
208.4 
* 
Calculated as number of shares held divided by the total number of shares issued. 
** 
See "PARENT COMPANY" below for details on shareholders. 
At the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Bank held on 6 June 2021, the Board approved a cash dividend 
of 5 fils per share and five bonus shares per 100 shares for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. At the annual 
general meeting of the shareholders of the Bank held on 12 April 2020, the Board approved a cash dividend of 12 fils per 
share for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. At the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Bank held 
on 27 March 2019, the Board approved a cash dividend of 12 fils per share and five bonus shares per 100 shares for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2018. 
History of acquisitions and disposals 
In 1997, KIPCO, a multi-sector operating holding company headquartered in Kuwait with operating entities across the 
GCC and the wider MENAT region, acquired a majority shareholding in the Bank during the privatisation process of 
Kuwait. The privatisation process of the Government, which began in 1997, reduced Government ownership of the Bank 
from 61.0 per cent. to less than 10.0 per cent. KIPCO currently represents the single largest shareholder of the Bank. As 
at 30 June 2021, KIPCO had a consolidated (direct and indirect) shareholding of 64.5 per cent. in the Bank. Following 
the change in ownership structure, the Bank realigned its strategic focus in line with the overall strategy of KIPCO and 
changed its management style from that of a government-owned entity to a private sector, profit-orientated entity. 
In mid-2008, KIPCO undertook a strategic reorganisation of its financial services businesses (the Reorganisation). 
KIPCO streamlined its financial services businesses into three major segments: commercial banking, asset management 
and investment banking and insurance. As part of the Reorganisation, the Bank was reorganised into a regional 
commercial banking group through the acquisition of stakes in JKB, AGB, BoB and TIB that were held by UGB for 
U.S.$725 million (KD 194 million) in aggregate. 
Accordingly, in July 2008, the Bank acquired from UGB, an interest of 43.9 per cent. in JKB, which together with the 7.2 
per cent. previously held by the Bank gave it a controlling 51.2 per cent. equity interest in JKB. In 2009, the Bank 
acquired a 60.0 per cent. interest in AGB (which was increased to 91.1 per cent. in 2010) and a 45.3 per cent. interest in 
BoB (which was increased to 51.8 per cent. in 2010). During the second quarter of 2010, the Bank acquired a 76.6 per 
cent. stake in TIB, which together with the 10 per cent. previously owned by the Bank, gave it a controlling 86.7 per cent. 
equity interest in TIB. 
In December 2012, having obtained the requisite approvals from the regulatory authorities in Kuwait and Turkey, the 
Bank completed the acquisition of a 99.3 per cent. stake in Eurobank Tekfen from Eurobank EFG. Following the 
acquisition, Eurobank Tekfen is now operating under the name of Burgan Bank A.S. 
On 30 December 2015, the Bank completed the sale of its 51.2 per cent. controlling stake in JKB to Al Rawabi 
International Co., a subsidiary of KIPCO for a consideration of KD 191.1 million, resulting in a gain of KD 6.5 million.

--- Page 114 ---
100 
 
 
The Bank's subsidiaries as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 
As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Bank had a controlling interest in each of the banks listed below and such 
banks have all been consolidated into the accounts of the Bank: 
 
Name 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Date of Initial 
Purchase 
Effective Holding 
as at 30 June 
2021 
Effective Holding 
as at 31 
December 2020 
 
 
 
(%) 
(%) 
Burgan Bank A.S. 
Turkey 
December 2012 
99.63 
99.56 
Algeria Gulf Bank S.P.A. 
Algeria 
April 2009 
86.01 
86.01 
Bank of Baghdad P.J.S.C. 
Iraq 
April 2009 
51.79 
51.79 
Tunis International Bank S.A. 
Tunisia 
June 2010 
86.70 
86.70 
 
For further details, see the "Key Subsidiaries" section below.  
Strategy 
The Bank’s strategy aims to strengthen its position in its core market, Kuwait, through organic growth while pursuing 
cautious and opportunistic growth in some of its international markets. As part of its growth strategy, the Bank has 
identified the following key elements for its strategic plan: 
(a) 
Increase market share in Kuwait — the Core Market: The Bank is focused on enhancing its competitive 
position in the corporate, private and retail banking sectors in Kuwait, through the expansion of its customer 
base, enhancement of services within pre-defined risk parameters, servicing customers through a focused sales 
force and strong technology platforms. In order to achieve these strategic objectives, the Bank is focusing on: 
• 
being a key player who actively supports execution of Kuwait’s Vision 2035 initiatives; 
• 
establishing credit relationships with large corporates and government entities undertaking large-scale 
projects in Kuwait; 
• 
expanding banking relationships with existing corporate client base;  
• 
servicing select international corporate clients through club or syndication facilities; 
• 
building wealth management capability to service high net worth individuals; 
• 
growing the retail banking franchise in Kuwait through investment in a digital platform and the 
creation of salesforce focused on growing new customer relationships and deepening existing 
relationships; and 
• 
digitising the infrastructure to deliver cost efficiency and enhance customer experience. 
(b) 
Pursue prudent growth strategy in subsidiaries: The Bank is pursuing a cautious growth strategy with its 
subsidiaries, considering the macro-economic environment in the international markets. The Bank continues to 
focus on rationalising the cost structure, growing non-interest income while reducing dependence on asset-based 
interest income.  
(c) 
Digitise end-to-end customer journey: The Bank is focused on the digital transformation of its existing 
businesses as well as launching a digital operating model in line with global trends in the banking sector. The 
appetite for digital banking from a growing demographic segment is guiding the development of an "anytime, 
anywhere, any channel" customer interface at the Bank.

--- Page 115 ---
101 
 
 
(d) 
Continue strong focus on risk management practices and framework across the Group: The Bank has a robust 
risk framework, which is in line with global best practices. This framework allows the Bank to identify risks at 
every level (i.e. operational, credit, market, and liquidity). The Bank adopts prudent risk management and 
capital allocation strategies to minimise losses and maximise returns. The Bank is focused on enhancing risk 
management architecture through the periodic review of risk culture and the implementation of best practices 
across the Group. 
(e) 
Deliver strong shareholders returns: The Bank is focused on pursuing stable growth, prudent capital 
management while maximising returns to shareholders. 
Competitive Strengths 
The Bank believes that its business is characterised by the competitive strengths discussed below, and that these 
competitive strengths position the Bank to successfully implement its strategy and continue its growth plans. 
(i) 
Leading regional presence and growing international network: Through a combination of its own branches, 
representative offices and subsidiaries, the Bank is present in eight countries across the MENAT region. The 
Group has one of the largest regional branch networks, with 160 branches across Kuwait, Turkey, Algeria, Iraq, 
Tunisia and Lebanon as at 30 June 2021. The Bank enjoys a dominant position in Kuwait where it was the 
second largest conventional commercial bank by total assets (based on the interim condensed consolidated 
financial information of the Bank and other conventional commercial banks in Kuwait for the six months ended 
30 June 2021). Given the success of the Bank's international expansion, which was undertaken through a 
combination of organic and inorganic growth initiatives, the Bank believes that it is well-positioned to capitalise 
on the growth opportunities in its key markets.  
(ii) 
Strong operating performance, financial position and risk management: The Bank has historically maintained 
stable growth in Kuwait and more recently in the MENAT region. As at and for the six months ended 30 June 
2021, the Bank recorded a net profit of KD 25.2 million and total assets of KD 6,945.7 million. As at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019, the Bank recorded a net profit of KD 34.1 
million and KD 84.9 million, respectively, and total assets of KD 7,106.1 million and KD 7,081.0 million, 
respectively. The Bank's prudent credit policy and effective utilisation of risk management tools has enabled it 
to maintain a high-quality loan portfolio. The Bank has been able to build its reserves (i.e. total provision), 
which stood at KD 274.1 million, KD 281.4 million and KD 252.4 million as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. The Bank's coverage ratio declined to 193.4 per cent. as at 30 June 
2021, compared to 212.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 282.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. The 
Bank's non-performing assets (net of collateral) stood at 1.1 per cent. of total exposure as at 30 June 2021 
compared to 0.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 0.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. The Bank believes 
that its strong operating performance, financial condition and prudent risk management will enable it to take 
advantage of new opportunities in the MENAT region. 
(iii) 
Stable funding base: The Bank's funding includes institutional, government and quasi-government deposits in 
Kuwait, which are contracted on a commercial basis, and are regarded by the Bank as relatively stable and a 
low-cost source of funding. As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, the Bank's total funding 
from deposits by government and quasi-governmental entities accounted for 5.8 per cent. and 7.3 per cent. of its 
total deposits in Kuwait (or 4.3 per cent. and 5.5 per cent. of total group deposits). 67.1 per cent. and 66.2 per 
cent. of the Bank's total assets as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, were funded by deposits 
from customers and due to other financial institutions, 4.3 per cent. and 5.8 per cent., respectively, by due to 
banks, 9.6 per cent. and 9.6 per cent., respectively, by other borrowed funds, 3.2 per cent. and 3.4 per cent., 
respectively, by other liabilities and 3.3 per cent. and 2.7 per cent., respectively, by liabilities directly associated 
with the disposal group held for sale and the balance by its capital and reserves. 
(iv) 
Culture of excellence and commitment to training and development of personnel: The Bank has created a 
customer-focused culture that aims at achieving strong operational performance. This culture is a key 
component of the recruitment, selection, learning and development processes, and the performance evaluation of

--- Page 116 ---
102 
 
 
employees and counterparties. The Bank has created and implemented a number of training and development 
programmes for both domestic and international staff. The Bank has built a competitive advantage by investing 
in the development of its employees and that of their teams, and by encouraging and cultivating the growth of 
potential leaders. Every employee has personal performance objectives that are aligned with the Bank's strategic 
direction and reflect the culture of respect and care for customers, as well as support for the communities in 
which the Bank operates. 
(v) 
Experienced management team and commitment to corporate governance: All members of the Bank's Board 
and executive management (the Executive Management) team have extensive knowledge of the banking sector 
in Kuwait and the MENAT region and bring with them a wealth of experience in leading financial institutions 
with an international presence, see "Management" below. Further, the management team believes that corporate 
governance is a matter of vital importance and a fundamental part of the business practices of the Group and that 
the combination of an existing team of highly experienced professionals, coupled with best practice corporate 
governance standards, positions the Group well for future growth. The Bank is strongly committed to the 
maintenance of a strong corporate governance practice and framework. The governance practice at the Bank has 
been designed to ensure that the Bank is effectively managed and that financial industry standards and the 
Kuwaiti Stock Exchange and the CBK requirements are fully met. The governance framework, which is 
underpinned by the corporate governance manual and related policies, clearly delineates the separate roles of the 
Board and the Bank's management. The Audit Committee monitors developments in the governance area and 
updates its governance practices to ensure that the Bank continues to maintain the most appropriate standards of 
governance.  
Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank had the following credit ratings: 
• 
Standard & Poor's: BBB+ for long-term issuer credit and A-2 for short-term counterparty credit, with a negative 
outlook; 
• 
Moody's: Baa1 for long-term bank deposits and P-2 for short-term deposits, with a stable outlook; and 
• 
Fitch: A+ for long-term issuer default and F1 for short-term issuer default, with a negative outlook. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Core areas 
The Bank is engaged in the provision of conventional banking and investment services to individuals and corporates. The 
Bank has a significant presence in the corporate and financial institutions sectors in Kuwait, the wider MENAT region 
and is also focused on growing its retail and private banking customer base. 
The following tables present certain financial results of the Bank's operations in Kuwait as broken down by business 
segment.

--- Page 117 ---
103 
 
 
 
Corporate 
Banking 
Retail and 
Private 
Banking 
Treasury, 
and 
Investment 
Banking4 
Central 
Office5 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 (unaudited) 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating Income .................................. 
33,622 
20,033 
13,359 
(3,565) 
63,449 
Total Assets ........................................... 
2,636,533 
1,162,728 
701,629 
525,907 
5,026,797 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the six months ended 30 
June 2020 (unaudited) – Restated 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating Income 
37,645 
20,011 
5,900 
(6,728) 
56,828 
Total Assets 
2,692,335 
1,236,467 
793,446 
544,627 
5,266,875 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 2020  
 
 
 
 
 
Operating Income .................................. 
78,073 
39,720 
7,300 
- 
125,093 
Total Assets ........................................... 
2,570,996 
1,315,787 
1,682,139 
- 
5,568,922 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 2019  
 
 
 
 
 
Operating Income .................................. 
89,748 
44,538 
42,212 
- 
176,498 
Total Assets ........................................... 
2,580,030 
1,123,258 
1,824,229 
- 
5,527,517 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 
December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Operating Income .................................. 
67,485 
42,272 
58,559 
- 
168,316 
Total Assets ........................................... 
2,042,676 
1,045,683 
2,462,767 
- 
5,551,126 
The following provides an overview of the business lines of the Bank's core operating areas: 
• 
Corporate Banking (CB) provides comprehensive products and services to corporates and financial institutions 
including lending, deposits, trade services, foreign exchange, advisory services and others. For the six months 
ended 30 June 2021, the Bank's operating income from CB was KD 33.6 million compared to KD 37.6 million 
for the six months ended 30 June 2020. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank's operating income 
from CB was KD 78.1 million compared to KD 89.7 million and KD 67.5 million for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. The Bank's total assets from the CB as at 30 June 2021 
and 31 December 2020 were KD 2,636.5 million and KD 2,571.0 million, respectively, compared to KD 2,580.0 
million as at 31 December 2019, and KD 2,042.7 million as at 31 December 2018. 
• 
Retail and Private Banking (RPB) includes the Private Banking Division (PBD) and the Retail Banking 
Division (RBD). It provides a wide range of products and services to retail and private bank customers including 
loans, deposits, credit and debit cards, foreign exchange, and others. For the six months ended 30 June 2021, the 
Bank's operating income from RPB was KD 20.0 million compared to KD 20.0 million for the six months ended 
30 June 2020. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank's operating income from RPB was KD 39.7 
million compared to KD 44.5 million and KD 42.3 million for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018, respectively. The Bank's total assets from the RPB amounted to KD 1,162.7 million and KD 
1,315.8 million as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively, compared to KD 1,123.3 million as at 
31 December 2019, and KD 1,045.7 million as at 31 December 2018. 
                                                     
4 Treasury and Investment Banking was disclosed as Treasury, investment banking and others in the Annual Financial Statements. 
5 In 2021 Interim Financial Statements, the Bank has changed its reportable segment to include Central Office as a new reportable segment. 
Accordingly, operating income and total assets relating to Central Office which were earlier included as part of Treasury and Investment Banking 
segment have been disclosed separately. Central Office includes liquidity and funding management, any residual in respect of transfer pricing and 
other unallocated activities.

--- Page 118 ---
104 
 
 
• 
Treasury and Investment Banking Group (TIBG) includes treasury activities, investment services and 
management. It also provides products and services to banks including money markets, lending, deposits, 
foreign exchange and others. For the six months ended 30 June 2021, the Bank's operating income from TIBG 
was KD 13.4 million compared to KD 5.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2020. For the year ended 31 
December 2020, the Bank's operating income from TIBG and Central Office was KD 7.3 million compared to 
KD 42.2 million and KD 58.6 million for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
respectively. The Bank's total assets from the TIBG amounted to KD 701.6 million as at 30 June 2021. For the 
year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank’s total asset from TIBG and Central Office was KD 1,682.1 million 
compared to KD 1,824.2 million as at 31 December 2019, and KD 2,462.8 million as at 31 December 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, retail loans made up 7.9 per cent. and corporate loans made up 92.1 per cent. of the Bank's 
aggregate loan portfolio, 74.3 per cent. of which comprises loans issued to individuals or corporates in Kuwait. In 
addition, a substantial proportion of the total loan portfolio comprised loan exposures to related parties, see "Risk Factors 
— Ownership concentration and related party exposures". 
The following provides an overview of the Bank's international operations as at 30 June 2021: 
• 
BBT was originally founded in 1989 and is a mid-sized bank, in terms of assets. It focuses on the corporate 
banking sector and is expanding its presence in selective retail businesses, see "Key Subsidiaries — Burgan 
Bank A.S. (BBT)" below; 
• 
AGB was established on 15 December 2003 as a commercial bank in Algeria. Since its establishment, AGB has 
aimed to contribute to the economic and financial development of Algeria, and to provide professional services 
and high-quality products, see "Key Subsidiaries — Algeria Gulf Bank S.P.A." below; 
• 
BoB was established in 1992. Its customer base comprises small and medium-sized enterprises, large corporates, 
as well as individual customers. BoB was the first licensed private bank to commence banking operations in 
1992 in Iraq, after the change in the banking regulations by the Central Bank of Iraq, see "Key Subsidiaries — 
Bank of Baghdad P.J.S.C. (BoB)" below.  
• 
TIB was established in June 1982 as the first fully licensed offshore banking corporation in Tunisia, see "Key 
Subsidiaries — Tunis International Bank S.A. (TIB)" below. 
Corporate Banking (CB) 
CB provides a wide range of products and services to both commercial and industrial sectors in Kuwait. It participates in 
financing significant infrastructure, petrochemical and industrial projects in Kuwait through syndicated loans and direct 
bilateral financing. It has grown its customer base through a track record of well-established corporate banking 
relationships. 
CB has structured its operations into seven main units to provide tailor-made products and specialised services to the 
corporate sector: 
Contracting Unit 
The unit provides working capital finance to major contracting companies in Kuwait (both in the public and private 
sectors) through a full range of credit instruments, such as overdrafts, loans, letters of credit and letters of guarantee. It 
targets top-tier contractors and is rapidly expanding to meet the requirements of the Kuwaiti market. It provides financing 
to contractors for their projects, including provision of customised solutions on a project specific basis. 
Trading and Automotive Unit 
The unit focuses on extending a wide range of banking services and credit lines to the trading sector as a whole, with an 
emphasis on the automotive industry and related entities. The Bank has corporate relationships with most of the leading

--- Page 119 ---
105 
 
 
car importers in the industry and provides customised product and service packages to suit the business requirements of 
this sector.  
Services and Energy Unit 
The unit focuses on establishing banking and credit relationships with clients in the service and energy sectors in Kuwait. 
The service sector clients are mainly involved in contractual cleaning, catering, agriculture and supply of manpower to 
various governmental institutions. The energy sector client base includes maintenance, technical and mechanical 
contractors, as well as suppliers of oil-related equipment and accessories to oil companies such as Kuwait Oil Company 
(KOC), Kuwait National Petroleum Company (KNPC) and Kuwait Integrated Petroleum Industries Company (KIPIC). 
Investment and Real Estate Market Unit 
The unit specialises in providing short-to-medium term financing to prime investment and real estate corporate entities. It 
assists its clients in investing, owning and developing real estate projects in Kuwait, other GCC countries and the wider 
MENAT region.  
Trading and Manufacturing Unit 
The unit focuses on the wholesale and retail trading entities and the industrial sector in Kuwait. It provides financial 
assistance to companies dealing in the food, sophisticated engineering, electronic products, etc.  
Furthermore, the unit mainly provides working capital finance to manufacturing companies in Kuwait through a full 
range of credit instruments, such as loans, letters of credit and letters of guarantee. With a well-equipped and experienced 
team, it provides standardised financing packages and customised solutions to meet customer specific needs. 
International Banking Unit 
The unit provides banking services to multinational corporations operating in Kuwait and other GCC countries. It plays a 
major role in providing financial and consulting assistance to various international companies based in Kuwait. It also 
participates in financing most of the major infrastructure, petrochemical and industrial projects in Kuwait through 
syndicated loans. 
Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) Unit  
The unit provides a wide range of financing solutions to SME clients to ensure that they capitalise on development and 
growth opportunities. The product offering includes overdrafts, loans, letters of credit and letters of guarantee. It finances 
a wide range of sectors including trading, manufacturing, agriculture, contracting, the oil sector, tourism, alternative 
energy and advanced technology. 
The services provided by the Corporate Banking Branch include: 
B-Dinar Account 
The Bank offers the 'B-Dinar account' to employees of its corporate customers in accordance with the Kuwaiti labour 
law. The account provides customers with easy access to their salaries and offers other benefits, including no withdrawal 
charges, quick and direct salary crediting, 24-hour access to all of the Bank's ATMs, no minimum balance requirement 
and access to over 5,874 point of sale terminals in Kuwait as at 31 December 2020. The customers also get access to 
ATMs accepting Mastercard outside Kuwait and POS terminals where overseas transactions are allowed. 
Corporate Cash Management Services 
The Bank has developed a range of cash management products and services that optimise cash flows for its corporate 
customers in Kuwait and other GCC countries. It offers a wide range of products, tools and services for everyday banking 
including payments, account services, reporting and cash management, backed by its state-of-the-art digital banking

--- Page 120 ---
106 
 
 
platform. The digital banking facility aims to reduce processing costs of customers, saving their valuable time and 
money, and allowing them to focus on their core business. 
Financial Institutions Division 
The department caters to institutional relationships with banks and/or Non-Banking Financial Institutions (NBFIs) 
locally and outside Kuwait. It offers the highest service standards by optimising key financial institutions and 
correspondent banking relationships through liaising activities with its main business lines - Treasury, Corporate, Trade 
Finance, Private Banking and Retail.  
It has a flexible approach to the client's requirements and accordingly structures lending, placements and trade related 
transactions. It offers correspondent banking services, relationship management, global trade finance (such as letters of 
credit, letters of guarantees, risk participations, etc.), bilateral/syndicated lending and treasury facilities for NBFIs 
(including investment, insurance, money exchange, brokerage and Islamic investment companies). 
Retail and Private Banking (RPB) 
RPB's products and services are offered through two distinct divisions, PBD and RBD. 
Private Banking Division (PBD) 
PBD offers a range of tailor-made products and services to high net worth individuals (HNWI). It also offers consultancy 
services to its customers to maximise their returns and grow their wealth.  
PBD is focusing on smart growth opportunities to maximise operational efficiency while minimising risk. It is also 
focusing on expanding its cross-border business and adding value to the clients by utilising its international presence. The 
division collaborates with other business units to create synergies and enhance its product offering. 
Retail Banking Division (RBD) 
As at 30 June 2021, RBD had a network of 30 branches and 157 ATMs in Kuwait. The Bank plans to further expand in 
strategic areas for targeted customer growth. 
RBD offers a wide range of products and services to its customers, including a variety of savings and deposit accounts, 
credit, debit and pre-paid cards, and customer loans. However, the Bank does not undertake residential mortgage lending 
in line with the current local regulations. See also "Description of the Bank — Risk Management" below. 
RBD's card offering includes credit cards, under the MasterCard and Visa payment processing systems, debit card 
products under the Visa brand and a multi-currency pre-paid card. 
In addition to the development of new products, RBD also periodically reviews the performance of existing products and, 
if necessary, makes changes to better suit customers' needs and maintain a competitive edge.  
RBD's product range is complemented by strong alternative delivery channels, including the 24/7 telephone banking 
service "Burgan Direct" and the internet banking platform "Burgan Online", which allow customers to make payments, 
submit requests and make enquiries over the telephone or internet. The provision of an enterprise e-payment platform 
(through the provider, ACI Worldwide) allows the Bank to provide online banking services for daily banking activities 
and online payment for goods and services through the Bank's secure electronic platforms.  
RBD strives towards customer-centric strategies by enhancing its premium product offerings, and enhancing service 
delivery efficiency and effectiveness across various customer touch points. As part of the digital strategy, RBD has rolled 
out:  
• 
eSecure to enhance security for customers by using third factor authentication;

--- Page 121 ---
107 
 
 
• 
new cards portal; 
• 
credit cards payments via Knet Gateway using any locally issued debit card; 
• 
cards switch change; 
• 
tap and pay cards; 
• 
new queuing system across all branches; 
• 
TPIN service for enhanced tele-banking experience; and 
• 
rebranded branches and revamped website to reflect its customer-centric strategy. 
Treasury, Investment Banking Group and Central Office  
Treasury Division 
The division is actively involved in the management of the financial market risks on the Bank’s balance sheet, sourcing 
efficient and secure funding, providing risk solutions to both internal and external clients, managing foreign exchange 
translation and related risks, and the management of customer and interbank relationships. This is undertaken with strict 
adherence to the legal, compliance and limit framework approved by the Board and the regulators. 
The division comprises the following business units: 
• 
The Asset and Liabilities Management unit is responsible for the balance sheet management and optimisation, 
diversification of funding sources, contingency funding requirements, and management of liquidity, interest rate 
and foreign exchange translation risks associated with the Bank's balance sheet and any hedging thereof; 
• 
The Fixed Income and Capital Markets unit manages the Bank's high quality liquid assets (HQLA) portfolio, 
actively trades in the bond market, and provides interest rate hedging solutions to both internal and external 
clients; 
• 
The Money Market unit is responsible for overseeing and managing trading activities with respect to both 
conventional and Islamic money market instruments in both local and foreign currencies, managing the excess 
liquidity of the Bank and acting as the sole point of contact for all fixed and floating interest rate pricing 
requirements for all business units and subsidiaries; 
• 
The FX Trading unit, via an in-house online pricing platform or directly, is responsible for providing foreign 
exchange coverage for the Bank's operations, managing foreign exchange transactions for the Bank in most 
regional and major currencies, interbank pricing in the domestic market and actively trading in foreign 
currencies within defined limits; and 
• 
The Treasury Sales Desk works closely with all treasury business units within the Bank and is responsible for 
relationship management with all internal and external stakeholders providing comprehensive financial risk 
solutions in most products to the clients. 
Through its staff and specialised systems, the Treasury division provides the Bank and its customers with instant access 
to the global financial markets. Experienced dealers execute transactions efficiently and offer competitive prices to 
customers. 
The Treasury division also manages the Bank's debt capital raising exercises, including the following: 
• 
In 2010, Burgan Finance No. 1 (Jersey) Limited (incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Jersey), a 
special purpose entity established by the Bank, issued U.S.$400 million Subordinated Notes due 2020. The

--- Page 122 ---
108 
 
 
notes met the then-applicable requirements to be treated as Tier 2 eligible capital under Basel II regulations 
issued by the CBK.  
• 
In 2012, the Bank issued KD 100 million bonds due 2022 (the 2012 Subordinated Bonds). The issuance of the 
2012 Subordinated Bonds met the then-applicable requirements to be treated as Tier 2 eligible capital under 
Basel II regulations issued by the CBK.  
• 
On 30 September 2014, the Bank through Burgan Tier 1 Financing Limited (a newly incorporated special 
purpose company with limited liability in the Dubai International Financial Centre) issued Perpetual Tier 1 
Capital Securities, amounting to U.S.$500 million. In December 2015, the Bank repurchased its U.S.$400 
million Subordinated Notes due 2020 pursuant to a tender offer.  
• 
In March 2016, the Bank issued KD 100 million Tier 2 bonds due 2026 (the 2016 Subordinated Bonds), which 
met the requirements to be treated as Tier 2 eligible capital under Basel III regulations issued by the CBK. In 
March 2016, the Bank repurchased KD 27.2 million of its 2012 Subordinated Bonds, followed by an additional 
repurchase of KD 72.8 million in April 2018.  
• 
In September 2016, Burgan Senior SPC Limited, a special purpose company incorporated in the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, issued U.S.$500 million Senior Unsecured Bonds under its medium-term note 
programme.  
• 
In December 2018, the Bank issued KD 100 million Senior Unsecured Bonds due 2021 through a private 
placement. 
• 
In July 2019, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities to manage the Bank’s capital 
and long term liquidity in accordance with regulatory requirements, and in parallel the Bank concluded a tender 
buy-back of U.S.$230.2 million Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities, which were previously issued on 30 
September 2014. 
• 
In September 2019, the Bank redeemed the total outstanding amount (i.e. U.S.$269.8 million) of the Perpetual 
Tier 1 Capital Securities, which were initially issued on 30 September 2014. 
• 
In December 2020, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million Subordinated Tier 2 Capital Securities with an eleven-year 
tenor, and an option for redemption after six years from the date of their issuance. 
• 
In March 2021, the Bank exercised the call option and fully redeemed KD 100 million Subordinated Tier 2 
Capital Securities issued in March 2016. 
Investment Division 
The Investment Division focuses on enhancing the Bank's return on equity by managing a diversified proprietary 
investment portfolio which includes fixed income and equity (listed and private) securities. A comprehensive top-down 
approach is followed to determine asset selection using a wide array of factors and within the Board-approved policies 
and procedures and regulatory requirements. The risk/reward parameters are well-defined for each type of investment 
portfolio.  
The Investment Division follows a robust framework for investment recommendations in which proposals being 
presented to the Board Investment and Credit Committee for approval are also reviewed from risk, compliance, finance, 
and legal perspectives. 
The following table sets out the Bank's investments as at 31 December 2020:

--- Page 123 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
INVESTMENTS: 
 
Publicly traded 
Privately held 
 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Equities………………………………………….. 
 
75,002 
95,172 
Fixed income instruments……………………….. 
 
330,950 
8,000 
Any other investments…………………………… 
 
13,420 
69,124 
Total…………………………………………….. 
 
419,372 
172,296 
The following table sets out capital requirements by equity groupings as at 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS BY EQUITY GROUPINGS: 
 
(KD 000's) 
Investments whose fair value is designated through other  
comprehensive income…………………………………... 
 
46,709 
Investments at amortised cost .................................................... 
 
9,871 
Investments whose fair value is designated through profit 
and loss ...................................................................................... 
 
10,306 
Investments held for trading ...................................................... 
 
120 
Investment in associates ............................................................. 
 
1,019 
Total .......................................................................................... 
 
68,025 
Asset Management Unit 
The Asset Management unit performs custody and trustee services for institutional clients adhering to the CMA 
guidelines. Additionally, the unit also works on developing new investment products for the Bank's customers. 
SUPPORT FUNCTIONS 
Group Operations & Information Technology 
The Group Operations & Technology (GO&IT) comprises Operations Group and Information Technology (IT) Group. 
Operations Group 
The Operations Group (OG) assists in the support and execution of strategic initiatives of all the business units across the 
Bank. The OG consists of the Operations Strategic Development, General Services and Administration (GSA), Banking 
Operations and Credit Administration. The function of each of these sub-groups is briefly described below. 
(a) 
Operations Strategic Development is responsible for the management of the Business Continuity Planning 
(BCP), Operations Project Office (OPO) and Organisation and Methods (O&M) units. 
• 
BCP is responsible for defining the policies related to Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery (DR) 
procedures in co-ordination with all the departments of the Bank. The unit is also responsible for co-
ordinating the regular testing of DR activities. 
• 
OPO is responsible for supporting and facilitating the implementation of large projects that support the 
Bank's business strategies. 
• 
O&M is responsible for the documentation and publication of all the Bank's policies and procedures. It 
is responsible for ensuring that the Bank retains its ISO 9001:2008 Quality Certification for all its 
processes. The certification is an assurance that the Bank's internal policies and procedures meet 
internationally recognised quality standards that are rigorously applied, independently reviewed and 
certified by a standard body each year.

--- Page 124 ---
110 
 
 
(b) 
GSA provides administrative support in areas such as procurement, security, archiving and maintenance. The 
purchase of equipment, furniture, stationery and materials is processed through GSA, which is responsible for 
sourcing requirements, competitive bidding and tendering (where required) through a transparent procurement 
process supported by adequate due diligence. GSA is also responsible for the Bank's security monitoring 
systems and has been involved in the design, approval, tender, negotiation and construction of new branches at 
various locations. 
(c) 
Banking Operations provides the central processing capabilities in terms of treasury, investment, trade finance, 
local and foreign currency transfers, loans, check clearing, salary payments and processing. The area utilises 
technology to drive down processing cost, to automate processes, and to create efficient output.  
(d) 
Credit Administration provides control and support to the CB division and the PBD. 
Information Technology Group 
The Bank's IT group is organised into the following areas, each reporting to the Chief Information Technology Officer 
(CITO): 
(a) 
IT Operations; 
(b) 
Systems Development; 
(c) 
Database Management; and 
(d) 
Quality Assurance. 
The IT group aims to deliver and maintain timely, cost-effective, resilient and scalable IT solutions and services in 
support of the business strategy through business engagement and research. 
To achieve this, the IT group continually engages with key users to ensure IT is aligned with the business, ensures that IT 
staff retain updated domain knowledge, conducts an annual IT survey to gauge user perceptions on services delivered and 
regularly assesses skills against requirements to identify any skills gaps and implements training requirements.  
In addition, the IT group controls all IT-related acquisitions and implementations and constantly monitors operating 
expenses to identify efficiencies and savings. In 2016, the Bank became the first domestic bank in Kuwait to receive ISO 
20000 certification. ISO 20000 is an international standard for IT service management systems and such certification 
indicates compliance with these standards and adherence to best practices in relation to IT infrastructure. 
The CITO is a member of various management committees and reports to the Group Chief Operations & Technology 
Officer (GCOTO). 
Group Human Resources and Development 
The Group Human Resources and Development (GHRD) is responsible for working with senior management to develop 
strategies and drive human resources policies that are best suited to deliver the business objectives and aspirations of the 
Bank. The group directs the development, implementation, communication and legal application of corporate-wide 
policies and programmes to build the capabilities and skills of the Bank's staff including but not limited to compensation, 
benefits, training and development, and recruitment. 
The Bank seeks to nurture its staff, reward them with attractive benefits programmes and provide them with suitable 
career development and growth opportunities. It is achieved through significant investment in training and development 
of the staff at all levels through specific programmes for executives, leadership development and induction training 
programmes as part of the Kuwaiti national development initiative.

--- Page 125 ---
111 
 
 
The Bank's total number of employees as at 30 June 2021 was 774 as compared to 771 as at 31 December 2020, 767 as at 
31 December 2019 and 746 as at 31 December 2018. 
Group Strategy, Capital Management & Investor Relations 
The head of the Group Strategy, Capital Management & Investor Relations (GS, CM & IR) reports directly to the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO). The GS, CM & IR is responsible for strategic business development and works with all 
department and division heads and senior executive officer(s) to identify business development needs and objectives. The 
GS, CM & IR supports the CEO to maximise the value of the Bank's assets through capital management, strategic 
planning of investment activities, and providing assistance in evaluation and structure of mergers and acquisitions, 
investments and financing-related opportunities including due diligence, valuation and negotiations. 
The GS, CM & IR also reviews summary reports of the business operations, monitors market opportunities, and reviews 
industry research. It also provides recommendations to the CEO based on the financial models, investment and strategic 
planning proposals, and assists in securing collaboration on strategic initiatives. 
The GS, CM & IR focuses on aligning the Group's corporate strategy with investors' expectations by continuously 
engaging with the investment community. It is responsible for integrating finance, communication and securities law 
compliance to enable the most effective two-way communication between the Bank, the financial community, regulators 
and the Executive Management of the Bank to maximise the valuation of the Bank's securities. 
Client Complaints Unit 
The Client Complaints Unit (CCU) is responsible for the development of a mechanism through which customers' 
complaints are effectively and efficiently handled, escalated and resolved without preventable delays. The CCU 
maintains the records of complaints received to ensure that regular reviews can be undertaken for monitoring and 
reporting purposes. The CCU identifies recurring complaints and ensures that immediate corrective action is taken to 
prevent repetition of the same complaints. The unit seeks out cases that concern contractual relationships and reports on 
its performance on a monthly basis to the CBK and CEO. 
Group Internal Controls Office 
The Group Internal Controls Office (GICO) supports the Bank in enhancing the effectiveness of the existing control 
environment. The GICO follows local and international guidance on internal controls, primarily the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organisations integrated framework, which prescribes a principle-based approach that provides flexibility 
and permits the exercise of judgment in respect of designing, implementing and conducting internal controls that can be 
applied at the entity, operating and functional levels of the Bank. It works with the business units and the business-
enabling functions as well as with other assurance providers, directly or through the corresponding functions, where 
applicable, by offering guidance on internal control requirements and evaluating adherence to defined standards and 
assisting management in developing processes and controls to manage risks and issues. 
The objective of the GICO is to support the Bank in enhancing the effectiveness of the existing internal control systems, 
primarily through monitoring the effectiveness of process-related controls. It promotes a culture of effective controls 
among employees through information sharing and communication, training on controls awareness and the consequences 
of control breaches. 
Legal Division (LD) 
Among other matters, the LD:  
• 
handles all international legal matters through the International Legal Counselling unit;  
• 
handles lawsuits brought by or against the Bank before the courts and initiates legal proceedings through the 
Litigation Unit;

--- Page 126 ---
112 
 
 
• 
provides legal advice to all business and support units through the various units of the LD;  
• 
co-ordinates with external law firms on the lawsuits undertaken by them;  
• 
manages the finance documents through the Documentation Unit and guides the workflow through the finance 
preparation stage (internal or authenticated) through to the execution stage;  
• 
monitors the execution/enforcement of judgments issued in favour of the Bank through the Execution Unit;  
• 
manages, through the Credit Recovery Unit, all tasks related to credit recovery including managing and 
following-up with defaulted customers;  
• 
monitors all translations from English to Arabic and vice versa for all stakeholders in the Bank through the 
Translation Unit; and 
• 
manages the portfolio of purchased debt and carries out necessary reporting and related tasks.  
The Group Chief Legal Counsel (GCLC) identifies and supervises the identification of risks associated with 
agreements, contracts, lawsuits, adverse judgments and enforcement and advises on the best course of action. The 
GCLC advises the Bank's senior management and the Board on significant legal risks and suggests possible 
preventive and remediation legal measures. The GCLC also considers the requirements of newly issued legislation 
and makes recommendations on the proper compliance with such legislation.

--- Page 127 ---
113 
 
 
Group Corporate Communication 
The Group Corporate Communication manages all forms of communication targeted to internal and/or external 
stakeholders including brand management, corporate communications, marketing communications, media relations and 
corporate social responsibility. 
The Group Corporate Communication is split into two functional units: 
• 
Marketing Communications: supports communications activities in relations to consumer offerings, marketing, 
advertising, media planning, and brand management for the Bank in Kuwait.  
• 
External Affairs: is a Group corporate strategy support unit consisting of public relations, soft side of investor 
relations, international operations brand management, corporate social responsibility, strategic communication 
planning, and government relations.  
Group Strategic Financial Planning and Control 
The Group Strategic Financial Planning and Control (GSFP&C) is responsible for the preparation of financial 
statements, dealing with financial auditors, liaising with the CBK and the preparation of the internal management 
information system (MIS). GSFP&C also undertakes planning (including profitability and cost-benefit analysis in respect 
of opening branches, launching products, executing long-term investment plans and completing mergers and acquisitions 
transactions), budgeting and monitoring activities (measuring actual performance against budget on a monthly basis), 
liaises with rating agencies, supports investor relations, and controls expenses and accounts payable. 
Group Risk 
The Group Risk adopts and implements internationally accepted practices for the identification, measurement, control 
and reporting of various risks that may affect the operations and business activities of the Bank. See also "Description of 
the Bank — Risk Management" below. 
Group International Operations Office 
The Group International Operations Office (GIOO) reports directly to the Group Chief Executive Officer (GCEO). It 
oversees and monitors the performance of subsidiaries and affiliates in accordance with the board approved Subsidiaries 
Governance Manual (SGM). 
GIOO's role is well-diversified involving focused interaction with subsidiaries carried out through country visits and 
missions. Various collaborative efforts take place with counterparts in the subsidiaries including representatives of the 
board members, GCEO and Subsidiary Function Heads (SFH).  
GIOO takes a strategic, data-driven approach to ensure Group-wide initiatives are implemented, communicated and 
managed. GIOO also makes recommendations to the GCEO and other key executives and Board members or their 
representatives on various activities, taking into consideration international financial and economic market developments 
pertinent to the Group's holdings. GIOO also maintains a close interaction with independent control functions to ensure 
vigilant monitoring of subsidiaries. 
Group Digital Transformation 
The Group Digital Transformation (GDT) is responsible for leading the development and execution of the Bank’s digital 
transformation strategy, which is aligned with the Bank’s overall long-term strategic direction. The digital transformation 
strategy encompasses initiatives from different areas of the Bank. These digital technologies enhance efficiency and 
provide seamless and frictionless customer experiences while increasing cost savings, and create new business models 
for additional income streams.

--- Page 128 ---
114 
 
 
Strategic Planning and Monitoring Group  
The Strategic Planning and Monitoring Group (SP&MG) is responsible for assisting with the development, 
communication, execution and sustainability of the Bank’s strategic plan and initiatives. It is focused on accelerating the 
Bank's performance by supporting cohesive strategic planning and execution, and overseeing the Bank’s vision. SP&MG 
diligently participates in formalising the Bank's strategic planning process and supports the development and follow-up 
of its overall strategy. This includes assisting with organisational change, forging new working relationships and 
synergies across the Bank, and establishing greater transparency and accountability for key stakeholders. In addition 
SP&MG assesses and reports whether or not strategic initiatives at all levels of the organisation are aligned with the 
Bank's overall standards and objectives, while maintaining compliance to the applicable laws and regulations. 
KEY SUBSIDIARIES 
As at 30 June 2021, the Bank had four banking subsidiaries, located in Algeria, Iraq, Tunisia and Turkey. The largest of 
the banking subsidiaries is BBT, whose total assets, as at 30 June 2021 accounted for 13.4 per cent. of the total assets of 
the Group, compared to 14.3 per cent. and 14.6 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, respectively, (each calculated on a consolidated basis and before consolidation adjustments). As at 30 
June 2021, the total assets of AGB, BoB and TIB accounted for 9.0 per cent., 3.9 per cent. and 2.1 per cent., respectively, 
of the total assets of the Group (each calculated on a consolidated basis and before consolidation adjustments). As at 31 
December 2020, the total assets of AGB, BoB and TIB accounted for 7.8 per cent., 3.2 per cent. and 2.0 per cent., 
respectively, of the total assets of the Group (each calculated on a consolidated basis and before consolidation 
adjustments). As at 31 December 2019, the total assets of AGB, BoB and TIB accounted for 7.7 per cent., 3.7 per cent. 
and 2.1 per cent., respectively, of the total assets of the Group (each calculated on a consolidated basis and before 
consolidation adjustments). 
History 
In mid-2008, as part of the Reorganisation, UGB's interests in JKB, AGB, BoB and TIB were acquired by the Group for 
U.S.$725 million (KD 194 million) in aggregate. 
Further, in July 2008, the Group acquired a 43.9 per cent. stake in JKB, which, together with the 7.2 per cent. previously 
owned by the Group, gave it a controlling 51.2 per cent. equity interest in JKB. 
In March 2009, the Group signed supplementary agreements with UGB for the acquisition of 60.0 per cent. of the shares 
of AGB. This, combined with the Group's previously existing 5.1 per cent. effective interest in AGB (through JKB's 10.0 
per cent. equity interest in AGB), increased its effective interest in AGB to 65.1 per cent. Further, with the acquisition of 
TIB in the second quarter of 2010, the Group's effective stake in AGB increased to 91.1 per cent. in 2010. 
During the second quarter of 2009, the Group acquired a 45.3 per cent. stake in BoB. Further, in 2010, the Group 
acquired an additional 6.5 per cent. stake in BoB, thereby increasing its stake to 51.8 per cent. 
During the second quarter of 2010, the Group acquired a 76.6 per cent. stake in TIB, which, together with the 10 per cent. 
previously owned by the Group, gave it a controlling 86.7 per cent. equity interest in TIB. 
During the fourth quarter of 2012, the Group acquired a 99.3 per cent. stake in Eurobank Tekfen and rebranded it as 
Burgan Bank A.S.  
During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Group disposed of its 51.2 per cent. stake in JKB.

--- Page 129 ---
115 
 
 
 
The diagram below shows the Group's ownership interests in its subsidiaries as at 30 June 2021: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
^Effective stake 
Burgan Bank A.S. (BBT) 
Overview 
BBT was originally founded in 1989 as Tekfen Yatırım Finansman Bankası AŞ (Tekfen Investment Finance Bank Inc). 
In 2006, the Tekfen Group entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Eurobank EFG, as a result of which the 
bank's name was changed to Eurobank Tekfen. On 21 December 2012, the Group acquired a 99.3 per cent. stake in 
Eurobank Tekfen and subsequently rebranded it as Burgan Bank A.S. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's stake in BBT 
stood at 99.6 per cent. 
Eurobank Tekfen's subsidiaries (EFG Istanbul Equities and EFG Leasing) have also been re-branded as Burgan Securities 
Inc. and Burgan Leasing, respectively. Burgan Securities Inc. is one of Turkey's leading securities institutions and is 
active in the fields of brokerage, corporate finance and asset management in the Turkish capital markets. Burgan 
Securities Inc. is a financial intermediary that serves retail and institutional investors operating in the domestic and/or 
international markets. Burgan Leasing was established in March 1994 for the purpose of conducting leasing operations 
under Turkey's Leasing Law No. 3226. 
BBT is a mid-sized bank (in terms of asset size) with a focus on the corporate banking sector and is expanding its 
presence in selective retail business. BBT operates under the supervision of the Central Bank of Turkey. 
As at 30 June 2021, BBT had a network of 32 branches and 32 ATMs, and a total of 1,002 employees. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2021, BBT's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 17.0 per cent. of 
the Group's operating income compared to 21.0 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (before consolidation 
adjustments). For the year ended 31 December 2020, BBT's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 
19.3 per cent. of the Group's operating income compared to 17.3 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019 (before 
consolidation adjustments) and 20.3 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2018 (before consolidation adjustments). 
As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, BBT's total assets (before consolidation adjustments) amounted to 13.4 per 
cent. and 14.3 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total assets, compared to 14.6 per cent. of the Group's total assets as 
at 31 December 2019 (before consolidation adjustments), and 16.1 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 
2018 (before consolidation adjustments). 
Mr. A. Murat Dinç, CEO of BBT has over 23 years' experience in the banking industry and has been in his current role 
since the beginning of 2014. 
Burgan Bank 
Burgan Bank A.S.  
(BBT) 
Algeria Gulf Bank 
(AGB) 
Bank of Baghdad 
(BoB) 
 
Tunis International Bank  
(TIB) 
 
99.63% 
86.01%^ 
51.79% 
 
86.70%

--- Page 130 ---
116 
 
 
Products and Services 
BBT provides services as a solutions partner to its customers through a network of 32 branches spread across the leading 
industrial and trading zones in Turkey. It caters to the demands and expectations of customers through a diverse portfolio 
of products and services in corporate, commercial, small business, retail and private banking products and services. 
BBT's subsidiaries, Burgan Leasing, and Burgan Securities Inc., complement BBT's product range and allow it to take 
advantage of cross-selling opportunities. 
Strategy 
BBT's strategic focus is to: 
• 
become a niche financial services provider in the MENAT region with stable returns; 
• 
service its existing customer base in the MENAT region and increase the amount of business it gets from its 
existing customers; 
• 
develop private banking into a full-fledged business line; 
• 
expand its retail customer base through digital channels; 
• 
selectively optimise its branch network while focusing on the development of alternative delivery channels; and 
• 
improve its risk architecture and streamline processes. 
Competition 
As at 30 June 2021, there were 49 banks operating in Turkey. The combined number of domestic and foreign branches 
stands at 9,875. According to the Banks Association of Turkey, banks in Turkey have the following two classifications: 
(i) deposit banks (34 in number), (ii) development and investment banks (15 in number). Among deposit banks, there 
were three state-owned banks, eight privately-owned banks, 2 SDIF banks and 21 foreign banks. BBT operates in the 
domestic Turkish market focusing on the corporate, commercial and SME sectors and competes with both large state-
owned banks and other private sector banks. 
Business Environment 
Real GDP growth in Turkey decelerated to 0.7 per cent. in 2019 compared to 3.2 per cent. in 2018. According to the 
World Bank, real GDP grew by 5.9 per cent. year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2020, resulting in a full-year growth of 
1.9 per cent in 2020. The government's stimulus efforts, swift monetary loosening, and rapid credit expansion is expected 
to lead to a solid economic recovery of 5.0 per cent. in 2021 and 4.5 per cent. in 2022 and 2023. High inflation 
expectations are likely to persist, along with a suboptimal policy mix and a weak lira. It is expected that price pressures 
will remain elevated through 2021, with inflation projected to average 12.3 per cent. in 2020, and 16.6 per cent. in 2021. 
Since the end of December 2019, the lira weakened by about 23.6 per cent. on average against the US Dollar to 
USD/TRY 7.347, despite the recent central bank's interventions. The lira is expected to keep its depreciation trend 
through 2021, reaching 8.932 by year end. The key downside risks to the forecasts stem from: i) a volatile TRY; ii) high 
interest rates; iii) high inflation (with negative consequences for input costs for businesses)’ iv) rising risk premiums; and 
v) the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic (source: Economist Intelligence Unit). 
Financial Summary 
BBT's capital adequacy ratio was 16.9 per cent as at 31 December 2020, in accordance with the CBK's regulations. 
The following table summarises key financial information of BBT based on BBT's audited annual accounts for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Turkey.

--- Page 131 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
TRY '000 unless otherwise stated 
Total Assets .......................................................................  
26,477,029 
21,546,808 
22,028,865 
Loans and Advances to Customers ....................................  
19,275,267 
15,911,311 
16,789,201 
Customer Deposits .............................................................  
13,847,448 
11,405,865 
9,915,300 
Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Parent .......................  
1,670,057 
1,919,275 
1,875,980 
Net Interest Income ............................................................  
702,314 
812,647 
729,832 
Operating Income ..............................................................  
912,501 
944,372 
871,746 
Loan Loss Provisions .........................................................  
482,190 
305,589 
259,205 
Expenses ............................................................................  
496,060 
462,468 
403,477 
Net Income Attributable to Parent .....................................  
(267,414) 
138,554 
161,759 
Non-performing Loans Ratio* ...........................................  
12.2% 
5.8% 
3.4% 
Capital Adequacy Ratio* ...................................................  
16.9% 
18.0% 
17.9% 
* 
Calculated in accordance with CBK regulations. 
Algeria Gulf Bank S.P.A. 
Overview 
AGB was established on 15 December 2003 as a commercial bank in Algeria. Since its establishment, AGB has aimed to 
contribute to the economic and financial development of Algeria and to provide professional services with high-quality 
products. 
As at 30 June 2021, AGB had a network of 61 branches and 104 ATMs with a total of 1,065 employees. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2021, AGB's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 16.5 per cent. 
of the Group's operating income compared to 21.7 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (before consolidation 
adjustments). For the year ended 31 December 2020, AGB's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 
19.3 per cent. of the Group's operating income compared to 16.1 per cent. of the Group's operating income for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 (before consolidation adjustments) and 16.3 per cent. of the Group's operating income for the 
year ended 31 December 2018 (before consolidation adjustments). As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, AGB's 
total assets (before consolidation adjustments) amounted to 9.0 per cent. and 7.8 per cent., respectively, of the Group's 
total assets as compared to 7.7 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2019 (before consolidation 
adjustments), and 8.3 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2018 (before consolidation adjustments). 
Since August 2015, Mr. Rabih Soukarieh has served as General Manager of AGB. 
Products and Services 
AGB provides retail and corporate banking products and services, which include car loans, mortgages, consumer loans 
and Islamic financing. AGB has invested in technology and provides real-time operations such as SWIFT services, SMS 
banking and internet banking. 
Strategy 
AGB’s strategic focus is to: 
• 
build its retail offering by strengthening Sharia-compliant offerings and enhancing digital offering;

--- Page 132 ---
118 
 
 
• 
focus on increasing the amount of business it gets from existing corporate clients with improved client coverage 
capabilities; 
• 
further increase short-term trade-related loans to business; and  
• 
enhance risk controls. 
Competition 
Although the Algerian banking sector as a whole is at an early stage of development and is dominated by state-owned 
banks, private banks are increasingly playing a major role in the overall development of the economy. The Algerian 
market is dynamic and offers many opportunities for a technology-savvy, customer-friendly bank such as AGB. The 
banking industry is two-tiered, where six public banks represent almost 87.8 per cent. of banking sector loans, and the 
rest is divided among ten Algeria-incorporated private (and foreign-owned) banks and four branches of foreign banks. 
Business Environment 
For Algeria, the recovery from a sharp COVID-19-induced recession in 2020 is expected to be slow and real GDP is only 
expected to recover to 4.0 per cent. in 2021, from a contraction of 5.5 per cent. However, export volumes are expected to 
rise again as external demand recovers and Algeria's OPEC quota rises slightly. In addition, still-low (albeit rising) global 
energy prices are expected to constrain the recovery in all of the other demand-side GDP components. Limited scope for 
fiscal stimulus is expected to hamper government consumption, indirectly feeding through to private consumption, which 
will also be constrained by still-high unemployment. Weaker demand and a fall in the prices of many commodities kept 
inflation suppressed in 2020 at an average 2.1 per cent., despite cuts in the policy interest rate, and a depreciation of 
DZD. However, with money supply growth accelerating as a result of the ongoing part-monetisation of the fiscal deficit, 
prices of many commodities are likely to start rising again from 2021 to an expected 6.5 per cent. After peaking at an 
estimated 16.5 per cent. of GDP in 2020, the fiscal deficit is forecasted to fall gradually in 2021 to 11.1 per cent., amid a 
moderate recovery in energy receipts, and a milder increase in tax income (assuming that economic growth picks up 
slowly) (source: Economist Intelligence Unit). 
Financial Summary 
AGB's capital adequacy ratio was 13.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, in accordance with the CBK's regulations. 
The following table summarises key financial information of AGB based on AGB's audited annual accounts for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Algeria. 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
DZD '000 unless otherwise stated 
Total Assets ...................................................................................  
270,118,830 
257,068,083 
263,014,799 
Loans and Advances to Customers ................................................  
169,135,315 
153,664,521 
169,327,668 
Customer Deposits .........................................................................  
217,139,158 
198,519,915 
197,487,980 
Shareholders' Equity attributable to Parent ....................................  
29,841,680 
30,786,184 
29,943,672 
Net Interest Income………………………………………... 
13,292,313 
13,488,039 
13,329,811 
Operating Income………………………………………….. 
15,795,076 
18,781,152 
16,806,317 
Loan Loss Provisions……………………………………… 
2,654,993 
3,856,060 
3,794,615 
Expenses…………………………………………............... 
6,769,965 
6,757,879 
6,475,374 
Net Income attributable to Parent………………………….. 
4,624,416 
6,018,180 
4,737,168 
Non-Performing Loans Ratio*…………………………….. 
1.5% 
2.2% 
1.3% 
Capital Adequacy Ratio*…………………………………. 
13.8% 
15.6% 
14.5% 
* 
Calculated in accordance with CBK regulations.

--- Page 133 ---
119 
 
 
Bank of Baghdad P.J.S.C. (BoB) 
Overview 
BoB was established in 1992. Its customer base comprises of SMEs, large corporate and individual customers. It was the 
first licensed private bank to commence banking operations in Iraq in 1992 after the change in the banking regulations by 
the Central Bank of Iraq.  
As at 30 June 2021, BoB had 33 branches, 67 ATMs and a total of 734 employees. BoB is present in all 18 provinces of 
Iraq and has a branch and an ATM outside Iraq, in Beirut, Lebanon. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2021, BoB's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 9.1 per cent. of 
the Group's operating income compared to 6.3 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (before consolidation 
adjustments). For the year ended 31 December 2020, BoB's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 7.1 
per cent. of the Group's operating income compared to 3.7 per cent. of the Group's operating income for the year ended 
31 December 2019 (before consolidation adjustments) and 4.0 per cent. of the Group's operating income for the year 
ended 31 December 2018 (before consolidation adjustments). As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, BoB's total 
assets (before consolidation adjustments) amounted to 3.9 per cent. and 3.2 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total 
assets as compared to 3.7 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2019 (before consolidation adjustments), 
and 3.5 per cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2018 (before consolidation adjustments). 
BoB's shares were listed on the Iraq Stock Exchange on 15 June 2004. At the close of trading on the Baghdad Stock 
Exchange on 30 June 2021, BoB's share price was IQD 0.62 giving it a market capitalisation of IQD 155.0 billion. 
Mr. Usam Ismaeel Shareef, BoB's Chairman, is a senior banking executive and has been in his current position since 
2010. 
Products and Services 
BoB provides retail and corporate banking products and services which include the following: 
• 
Deposit Products: current accounts, term deposit accounts, savings accounts and gold accounts (which provide a 
group of services to certain elite customers) and static accounts (a form of term deposit); 
• 
Loans: industrial loans, trade loans, land loans (offered for financing construction, renovation or restoration of 
commercial properties), agriculture loans and housing loans (extended to Iraqi nationals for financing the 
acquisition or renovation of residential properties); 
• 
Trade Finance Services: letters of credit and letters of guarantee; and 
• 
Other Banking Services: internet banking, mobile phone banking, foreign exchange, international transfers and 
payroll services. 
Strategy  
BoB's strategic focus is to:  
• 
expand its retail network and upgrade its existing infrastructure;  
• 
expand its retail loan book by focusing on both collateralised and non-collateralised loans;  
• 
finance planned infrastructure projects in Iraq; and  
• 
focus on large corporates and international companies in Iraq.

--- Page 134 ---
120 
 
 
Competition  
As at 30 June 2021, there were 81 banks operating in Iraq comprising of seven state-owned banks (including one state-
owned Islamic bank), 24 private banks, 30 private Islamic banks and 20 foreign banks (including three banks under 
incorporation). Four state banks, Rafidain, Trade Bank of Iraq, Rasheed, and the Agricultural Cooperation Bank are 
dominant by asset size (source: Central Bank of Iraq). However, the Bank believes that BoB has a strong position in 
terms of customer service and technology. 
Business Environment  
Iraq is gradually emerging from the deep economic strains left by the civil war. The Iraqi government has put in place a 
comprehensive reconstruction package, with the immediate goal being to stabilise the economy, and establish a long-term 
growth vision. However, the success of the reconstruction package is in part dependent on resolving the ongoing dispute 
with the Kurdistan Regional Government. Iraq's economic recovery is expected to remain dependant on the energy sector 
– as oil production makes up about two thirds of GDP. After a sharp decline in 2020, oil production is expected to fall to 
an average of 3.99 million barrels per day in 2021, as the country endures a full year of OPEC+ production cuts. Export 
performance in 2021 is also expected to improve slightly from the weak performance of 2020. This, alongside slightly 
higher oil prices, leads towards a forecasted real GDP growth of 1.8 per cent. in 2021, after a 10.5 per cent. contraction in 
real GDP in 2020. Oil production is expected to increase over the remainder of the forecast period, reaching an average 
of 4.38 million barrels per day in 2025, as Iraq increases investment in many existing and new oilfields. 
Iraq is considered under-banked, with just 4.4 commercial bank branches per 100,000 adults compared to the global 
average of 11.7. However, its outlook remains positive as banking infrastructure is expected to strengthen, which should 
improve the system’s accessibility. Going forward, the policies of the Central Bank of Iraq, which are encouraging of 
private sector participation in the banking sector, are also likely to lead to the growth of the banking sector in Iraq 
(source: Economist Intelligence Unit). 
Financial Summary 
The following table summarises key financial information of BoB based on BoB's audited annual accounts for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Iraq. 
Please also see "Recent Developments Update on Bank of Baghdad Disposal" above. 
 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019* 
2018 
 
IQD million unless otherwise stated 
Total Assets ............................................. 
1,419,528 
1,132,744 
1,113,539 
Loans and Advances to Customers .......... 
141,630 
149,602 
161,955 
Customer Deposits ................................... 
1,072,372 
801,174 
782,174 
Shareholders' Equity attributable to Parent  
278,436 
273,641 
266,743 
Net Interest Income .................................. 
10,833 
9,107 
5,778 
Operating Income .................................... 
60,552 
39,991 
36,568 
Loan Loss Provisions ............................... 
7,991 
557 
182 
Expenses .................................................. 
26,786 
28,596 
30,958 
Net Income attributable to Parent ............ 
 
20,200 
7,299 
4,152 
Non-Performing Loans Ratio** ............... 
 
N/A 
N/A 
76.2% 
Capital Adequacy Ratio** ....................... 
 ................................................................. 
N/A 
N/A 
66.0%

--- Page 135 ---
121 
 
 
* Certain line items as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been restated in the consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
** Calculated in accordance with CBK regulations; As at 31 December 2019, BoB was classified as a disposal group 
held for sale, hence, non-performing loans ratio and capital adequacy ratio for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 is not available (NA). 
Tunis International Bank S.A. (TIB) 
Overview 
Foreign investment in Tunisia is regulated by the Investment Code (Law 1993-120) (Tunisian Investment Code), which 
was last amended in January 2009. The current Tunisian Investment Code divides potential investments into two 
categories: (i) offshore investments, in which foreign equity should comprise at least 66 per cent. of equity and at least 70 
per cent. of production is destined for the export market (with some exceptions for the agricultural sector); and (ii) 
onshore investments, in which foreign equity is limited to 49 per cent. of total equity for non-residential projects; onshore 
industrial investment can have up to 100 per cent. foreign equity. 
TIB was established in June 1982 as the first fully licensed offshore banking corporation in Tunisia. TIB operates under 
the supervision of the Central Bank of Tunisia (CBT). It is also a member of Tunisia's Clearing House Association. 
TIB operates through three branches in Tunisia and a representative office in Libya and had 103 employees as at 30 June 
2021. 
For the six months ended 30 June 2021, TIB's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 2.3 per cent. of 
the Group's operating income compared to 2.1 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (before consolidation 
adjustments). For the year ended 31 December 2020, TIB's operating income (before consolidation adjustments) was 3.7 
per cent. of the Group's operating income compared to 2.5 per cent. of the Group's operating income for the year ended 
31 December 2019 (before consolidation adjustments) and 2.5 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2018 (before 
consolidation adjustments). As at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, TIB's total assets (before consolidation 
adjustments) amounted to 2.1 per cent. and 2.0 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total assets as compared to 2.1 per 
cent. of the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2019 (before consolidation adjustments), and 2.3 per cent. of the 
Group's total assets as at 31 December 2018 (before consolidation adjustments). 
Mr. Mohamed Fekih, Managing Director of TIB, has over 40 years' experience in the banking industry and has held his 
current role since 2006. 
Products and Services 
TIB provides a comprehensive range of products and services in Tunisia and overseas, which include foreign exchange 
and money market services in all convertible currencies (including Tunisian dinars), international trade financing, 
forfaiting, private banking facilities, commercial banking services, loan syndications and investments services and 
issuing Visa and American Express cards. 
Strategy 
TIB's strategic focus is to: 
• 
service the needs of its corporate clients who have international trade practices and ambitions; 
• 
manage a portfolio of investment grade bonds and opportunistically participate in syndicated loans; 
• 
develop its trade finance business with Tunisian groups in collaboration with other Group entities; and 
• 
stabilise its deposit base by developing new customer relationships in the local market as well as in the region.

--- Page 136 ---
122 
 
 
Competition 
As at 30 June 2021, there were 48 banks operating in Tunisia. TIB's main competitors included local banks such as 
Alubaf International Bank and Tunisian Foreign Bank, in addition to certain foreign banks such as Citibank and Arab 
Banking Corporation. 
Business Environment 
As the first country to undergo the "Arab Spring" uprising in 2011, Tunisia has undergone significant political changes in 
recent years. After an estimated 8.6 per cent. contraction in real GDP in 2020, the economy is expected to stage a gradual 
recovery in 2021 to 2.9 per cent. Significant macroeconomic challenges remain – and the country may continue to face 
social, political, and economic challenges over the medium-term. COVID-19 containment measures have damaged some 
of the service sectors, notably tourism and transport. The fact that Tunisia's major trading partners, including France, 
Italy and Spain, will be slow to recover is likely to hamper the pace of the recovery of exports. Business sentiment is also 
expected to pick up only gradually in 2021-2022, leading to a fairly weak recovery in fixed investment, with political 
instability remaining a factor even once the global economy is on a firmer footing (source: Economist Intelligence Unit). 
Financial Summary 
TIB's capital adequacy ratio was 27.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 in accordance with the CBK's regulations. 
The following table summarises key financial information of TIB based on TIB's audited annual accounts for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Tunisia. 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.S.$'000 unless otherwise stated 
Total Assets ..................................  
590,549 
629,723 
623,158 
Loans and Advances to Customers .  
151,472 
125,646 
111,692 
Customer Deposits ..........................  
225,431 
271,622 
275,667 
Shareholders' Equity attributable to Parent .......
178,973 
176,971 
164,036 
Net Interest Income .........................  
6,130 
6,573 
6,405 
Operating Income ...........................  
25,797 
31,728 
29,518 
Loan Loss Provisions ......................  
950 
251 
500 
Expenses .........................................  
7,744 
7,420 
7,600 
Net Income attributable to Parent ...  
16,592 
23,382 
20,451 
Non-Performing Loans Ratio* ........  
0.3% 
0.6% 
1.0% 
Capital Adequacy Ratio* ................  
27.8% 
22.0% 
16.8% 
* 
Calculated in accordance with CBK regulations. 
PARENT COMPANY 
Kuwait Projects Company Holding K.S.C.P. 
KIPCO was incorporated as a closed shareholding company on 2 August 1975 under Article 94 of the Kuwaiti 
Commercial Companies Code, Law No. 15 1960, as amended (the Companies Law). It was registered under commercial 
registration number 23118 on 15 November 1979. On 29 September 1999, it changed its structure to that of a holding 
company and amended its name to Kuwait Projects Company Holding K.S.C.P. from Kuwait Investment Projects 
Company K.S.C.P. 
As at 31 March 2021, the following shareholders had holdings in excess of 5.0 per cent. of KIPCO's issued ordinary 
share capital: (i) Al Futtooh Holding Company (44.7 per cent.) and (ii) Investment Companies & Other Institutions (44.6 
per cent.).

--- Page 137 ---
123 
 
 
As at 30 June 2021, KIPCO had a direct shareholding interest of 41.2 per cent. in the Bank and a consolidated interest 
(including shares held through other KIPCO group companies) of 64.5 per cent. 
KIPCO's shares are listed on the Boursa Kuwait. At the close of trading on the Boursa Kuwait on 30 June 2021, KIPCO's 
share price was KD 0.161 per share, giving it a market capitalisation of KD 314.8 million. 
Group Structure 
KIPCO, directly or indirectly, is the ultimate holding company of over 60 subsidiaries and associates (companies in 
which the Group holds more than 20 per cent. but less than 50 per cent. of the shares) operating in several sectors. Its 
assets substantially comprise shares in its group companies. KIPCO is dependent on revenues received from other 
members of its group. 
The principal subsidiaries and associates of KIPCO operate in the financial services, media and real estate sectors. The 
remaining companies of its group and its associates operate in the services, industrial and education sectors and are 
primarily controlled by its principal subsidiaries. 
The chart below sets out KIPCO's principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2021:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
^OSN is licensed to operate in 25 countries in the MENAT region; however, it currently focuses on seven core markets. 
The table below sets out KIPCO's consolidated effective interest in its principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2021: 
 
Company 
Jurisdiction of 
incorporation 
Status 
Year of 
initial 
investment 
Group's 
effective 
interest*  
Board 
representation 
Burgan Bank S.A.K.P.  ..... 
Kuwait 
Subsidiary 
1995 
64.5%** 
6 of 9 
Gulf Insurance Group 
K.S.C.P.  ........................... 
Kuwait 
Associate 
1996 
45.6% 
4 of 10 
United Gulf Holding 
Company B.S.C. ............... 
Bahrain 
Subsidiary 
1988# 
93.3% 
5 of 8 
Panther Media Group 
Limited  ............................. 
Dubai 
International 
Financial Centre 
Subsidiary 
1995 
88.8%*** 
3 of 8 
United Real Estate 
Company ........................... 
Kuwait 
Subsidiary 
1994**** 
73.9% 
5 of 7 
# 
Represent the year of initial investment in United Gulf Bank, which after the corporate reorganisation in 2017 is 
represented by United Gulf Holding Company B.S.C. 
* 
Effective interest is computed by adding direct shareholding and indirect interest held through subsidiaries and 
associates.  
8 Countries
64.5%

--- Page 138 ---
124 
 
 
Company 
Jurisdiction of 
incorporation 
Status 
Year of 
initial 
investment 
Group's 
effective 
interest*  
Board 
representation 
**      Represents consolidated interest (including shares held through other KIPCO group companies). 
***    Represents KIPCO Group stake. 
****  The Group acquired the initial stake in 1994; however, KIPCO acquired a significant stake in 2010. 
KIPCO GROUP BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGY PRINCIPAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
KIPCO is a multi-sector holding company headquartered in Kuwait with operating entities across the GCC and the wider 
MENAT region. KIPCO's business is to acquire or create businesses and to build and grow them in order to be able to 
selectively sell them, with a view to maximising shareholder value. KIPCO has an experienced management team and 
benefits from key relationships in the region through its principal shareholders, which include members of the Kuwaiti 
ruling family. 
The principal business activities of the companies in which KIPCO has currently invested are as follows: 
• 
Commercial Banking: Historically, through the Bank, KIPCO has had a strong presence in the Kuwaiti 
banking industry, offering a full range of commercial banking services to both retail and corporate customers. 
KIPCO’s financial services businesses are streamlined into three major segments: commercial banking, asset 
management and investment banking (AMIB) and insurance. The Bank has been transformed into a regional 
commercial banking group offering a wide range of banking services and products across the GCC and wider 
MENAT region as a result of the purchase of UGB's stakes in JKB, BoB, AGB and TIB. 
On 21 December 2012, Eurobank Tekfen became a subsidiary of, and since that date has been consolidated 
with, the Bank. Following the acquisition, Eurobank Tekfen is now operating under the name of Burgan Bank 
A.S. As at 30 June 2021, BBT had a market share of 0.5 per cent. in terms of total outstanding loans in Turkey. 
Under a series of transactions in 2013 and 2014, the Bank and UGB completed the acquisition of FIMBank, and 
hold 8.5 per cent. and 78.6 per cent., (now held through United Gulf Holding Company B.S.C. (UGHC)) stakes 
respectively as at 31 March 2021 (Tunis International Bank holds 1.8 per cent as of 31 March 2021). FIMBank 
is an international trade finance specialist providing trade finance solutions to corporates, banks and individuals 
worldwide. On 30 December 2015, the Bank completed the sale of its controlling stake in JKB to Al Rawabi 
International Co. JKB is a public shareholding company founded on 25 October 1976 with a paid-up capital of 
Jordanian Dinars (JOD) 150 million as on 31 March 2021. JKB is listed on the Amman Stock Exchange and 
had consolidated assets of JOD 2.8 billion (KD 1.2 billion) as at 31 March 2021. JKB is regulated by the Central 
Bank of Jordan. 
• 
AMIB: KIPCO operates in the AMIB market in the MENAT region through UGHC and Kamco Investment 
Company (Kamco Invest). UGHC has a track record of incubating and growing businesses, including the four 
commercial banks that were transferred to the Bank as part of the Reorganisation. Following the Reorganisation, 
KIPCO plans to develop its pan-regional AMIB services in UGHC and Kamco Invest. Kamco Invest is an 
investment manager that offers its clients access to local and international capital markets with a focus on asset 
management, investment advisory, investment research and financial services. In 2018, Kamco Invest acquired a 
69.5 per cent. stake in Global Investment House K.S.C.C. The acquisition solidifies the company’s market 
position and demonstrates the scalability of its long-term business model. As at 31 March 2021, Kamco Invest 
had KD 4.02 billion assets under management and is listed on Boursa Kuwait. UGHC is listed on the Bahrain 
Stock Exchange, with total assets of U.S.$3.3 billion as at 31 March 2021. 
• 
Insurance: The Bank believes that KIPCO's primary insurance company, Gulf Insurance Group (GIG), is the 
market leader in insurance products in Kuwait in terms of gross premiums written and direct premiums. GIG has 
expanded its presence in the MENAT region with operations across 11 countries with Kuwait, Bahrain, Jordan, 
Turkey, Egypt and Algeria being the key markets. GIG's insurance product portfolio includes medical, motor,

--- Page 139 ---
125 
 
 
property, engineering, general accidents, life, marine and aviation. GIG is listed on the Boursa Kuwait with total 
assets of KD 833.5 million as at 31 March 2021. 
• 
Media: Panther Media Group Ltd. (PMG) comprises the Group's media segment. PMG owns and operates two 
previously competing platforms of "Showtime" and "Orbit", providing a platform-agnostic network across 
multiple platforms of Direct-to-Home (DTH), Cable and Internet Protocol television (IPTV), Commercial and 
Over-the-Top (OTT) in the MENAT region The entity operates under the brand "OSN" and offers 73 channels 
to customers, showing premium drama and entertainment. OSN has exclusive contracts with major Hollywood 
studios and shows the most popular movies and latest series. It also has first window OTT rights from major 
studios. OSN rebranded its OTT proposition and partnered with Disney+ in April 2020. As at 31 March 2021, 
OSN had a total subscriber base of approximately 1.2 million customers. As of March 2020, KIPCO participated 
in PMG’s capital call to raise its stake from 60.5 per cent. to 88.8 per cent. In view of these developments, PMG 
became a subsidiary of KIPCO and has been accounted for in accordance with IFRS 3: “Business 
combinations”.  
• 
Real Estate: United Real Estate Company K.S.C. (URC), together with its subsidiaries and associates, 
comprises KIPCO's real estate segment. These represented 6.0 per cent. of KIPCO's assets as at 31 March 2021. 
These real estate interests mostly consist of operational hotels, residential, commercial and office buildings in 
Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, the UAE, Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt and the United Kingdom as well as projects under 
construction in Kuwait and Morocco. URC also provides real estate services through its own affiliates, including 
project and construction management, contracting and facility management. KIPCO owns a 73.9 per cent. 
consolidated effective interest in URC as at 31 March 2021. 
On 3 May 2017, KIPCO inaugurated the Hessah Al Mubarak District Pavilion, the sales centre for the mixed-
use development project in Kuwait. The project is located in Kuwait City overlooking the Arabian Gulf Sea. 
The project's total built up area will be approximately 381,000 square meters and includes residential buildings, 
commercial activities, multi-outlet retail and food and beverages. The Group plans to develop approximately 27 
per cent. of the project through its entities. Part of the remaining land has already been sold to third party 
developers and the balance plots will be sold as land parcels to external developers or co-developed. 
• 
Industrial: KIPCO holds shares or other investments in companies active in a variety of industries representing 
in aggregate 2.8 per cent. of its assets as at 31 March 2021. These include petro-chemical, food and beverages 
and healthcare with several years of operations. These are held primarily through United Industries Company 
K.S.C. (UIC) in which KIPCO owns an effective interest of 78.6 per cent. as at 31 March 2021. 
REGIONAL PRESENCE 
The KIPCO group and its associates have presence in the following countries: 
 
Company 
Present in 
United Gulf Holding Company .................................... 
Bahrain, Kuwait, Tunisia, the UAE, Syria, Morocco, 
Malta, Iraq and the USA 
Gulf Insurance Company K.S.C.P ............................... 
Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, Egypt, Syria, Jordan, Iraq, 
the UAE, Algeria, Bahrain and Turkey 
Burgan Bank K.S.C.P.  ................................................ 
Kuwait, Iraq, Algeria, Tunisia, Turkey, Lebanon (branch 
of BoB), Libya (representative office of TIB) and the UAE 
Panther Media Group Ltd. (OSN)  ............................... 
Licensed to operate in 25 countries in the MENAT region 
United Real Estate Company S.A.K.P  ........................ 
Kuwait, Jordan, Egypt, Oman, Syria, the UAE, Lebanon,

--- Page 140 ---
126 
 
 
Morocco and UK 
United Industries Company K.S.C  .............................. 
Kuwait 
Jordan Kuwait Bank .................................................... 
Jordan, Palestine and Cyprus 
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
The key elements of the KIPCO group's strategy are to: 
• 
leverage its position and reputation in the GCC and wider MENAT region to capture further growth in these 
regions; 
• 
acquire, create, build and selectively sell businesses in sectors that capitalise on regional opportunities; 
• 
exercise management control over businesses; and 
• 
maximise value from businesses with a medium- to long-term horizon.  
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk management at the Bank is directed and overseen by the Group Risk Management (GRM) headed by the Group 
Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the Board Risk Committee to ensure the independence of the function. The 
GRM does not have business targets in terms of levels of business or income/profits to be achieved, to ensure that the 
Bank's risks are managed prudently and efficiently. The objective of the GRM is to identify, measure, assess and monitor 
risks across all the portfolios of the Bank and report the risks and the proposed recommendations to manage them to the 
Board and senior management. The GRM has established a risk appetite framework, in line with internationally accepted 
best practices, which establishes the risk thresholds across the Bank and its subsidiaries based on the current and 
anticipated exposures. The Board reviews and provides guidance regarding the alignment of the Bank's strategy to its risk 
appetite and the internal risk management structure and framework. 
The Bank has a well-documented risk policy that classifies the risks that it faces during the normal course of the business 
into certain categories of risks, and summarises how the Bank identifies, manages, measures and mitigates the risks it 
takes. The key risk categories include: 
(a) 
Credit Risk: the risk that a financial loss will be incurred if a counterparty does not fulfill its financial or 
contractual obligations; 
(b) 
Market Risk: the risk that the value of a financial instrument will decline due to a change in interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates, or commodity or equity prices; and 
(c) 
Operational Risk: the risk that the Bank's internal practices, policies, and systems are not adequate to prevent a 
loss being incurred, either because of market conditions or operational difficulties. 
(d) 
Information and Cyber Security Risk: the risk of data breach and cyber-attacks. Protecting and securing 
information and data is becoming one of the key activities of any banking organisation. It is imperative for the 
banking organisations to protect and ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of its information assets 
and technologies that process them. 
The GRM advises the management on the implementation of the Bank's risk policies. It consists of four departments, 
each responsible for one of the risks described above. In addition, it has a Shared Services Unit that provides services to 
the individual risk functions including reporting, data management, stress testing, model validation, and quantitative 
analytics. The risk reports are aimed at ensuring that timely information about the Group's risk profile is provided to the 
Bank's senior management, Board and relevant committees to ensure that risks are effectively managed within the Bank 
and across its subsidiaries in a timely fashion. Together, these departments ensure the effectiveness of managing the

--- Page 141 ---
127 
 
 
Bank's risk exposure taking into consideration all internal and external factors that might affect the Bank's stability and 
growth.  
The overall framework for risk governance and management is supported by a variety of qualitative and quantitative 
methodologies based on the nature of the risks. The Bank has established forward-looking credit and market loss 
estimation models. The Bank also has a robust Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and stress-
testing framework, to maintain capital commensurate with the overall risks that the Bank is exposed to and maintain 
Pillar 2 capital according to CBK regulations. 
The Bank's subsidiaries have an independent risk management function that reports to its respective Board Risk 
Committee, with a separate reporting line to their Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Risk Officer. The 
implementation of the Bank's risk policies across its subsidiaries is at various stages of completion: 
• 
For BBT, the Board Credit Committee undertakes the assessment and revision of credit proposals within the 
framework granted by the Board. 
• 
AGB's organisational structure is approved by its Board through which it officially implements a risk 
management structure. The risk function is managed by the Head of Division and is subdivided into three 
departments based on the risk categories: credit risk, market risk, and operational risk. The Compliance Unit is 
responsible for reporting anti-money laundering issues. 
• 
At BoB, the Board are responsible for the overall risk management approach, and for approving the risk 
principles and strategies. Currently, the implementation of risk-related procedures is the responsibility of the 
relevant departments, under the direct supervision and ownership of BoB's Managing Director. Risk 
management processes throughout BoB are audited regularly by the internal audit function that examines the 
adequacy and compliance of the procedures. BoB's Internal Audit department discusses the results of all 
assessments with the management and reports its findings and recommendations to the Audit Committee. 
• 
As for TIB, the Board Credit Committee is responsible for managing the credit and all other aspects of risk. 
Credit Risk 
The Bank has implemented a board-approved credit risk management structure that clearly delineates lines of authority 
and establishes accountabilities and responsibilities of individuals involved in the different phases of the credit risk 
management process. Depending on the size, complexity, and scope of credit activities, in addition to the roles and 
responsibilities of the Board and senior management, the Bank's credit risk management organisation is broadly 
classified into three functional lines of activities: the front, the back and the middle offices, to properly segregate 
accountabilities, to ensure that no individual is assigned conflicting responsibilities, and to effectively monitor and 
control the risks being taken. 
The Bank has also implemented a risk appetite framework adhering to the requirements of the central bank in each 
jurisdiction in which each of the Bank's subsidiaries operates. Credit decisions are made on the "four eyes" principle by 
the relevant authority supported by a different but complementary role played by Risk Management. An enabling opinion 
from Credit Risk Management is key to the approval process. Although the Board is the ultimate authority for all lending 
activities, it has, from time to time, delegated the credit approval authority to a sub-committee of the Board (or other 
delegated authorities) with appropriate governance. These powers are exercised prudently and in line with the general 
principles of lending. 
The following table sets out the Bank's consolidated loans and advances to customers and financial assets and contingent 
liabilities by the industry as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
Financial assets (including commitments) and contingent liabilities by industry 
 
 
As at 31 December

--- Page 142 ---
128 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Industry sector 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Sovereign ......................................................  
860,942 
947,958 
Banking .........................................................  
851,195 
843,891 
Investment.....................................................  
291,850 
286,442 
Trade and commerce .....................................  
741,559 
756,425 
Real estate .....................................................  
1,323,619 
1,138,006 
Personal ........................................................  
1,440,764 
1,445,995 
Manufacturing ...............................................  
715,818 
704,215 
Construction ..................................................  
650,624 
753,227 
Other services ...............................................  
1,185,656 
1,196,845 
 
8,062,027 
8,073,004 
Loans and advances to customers 
 
 
Corporate ......................................................  
4,222,038 
4,101,801 
Retail .............................................................  
364,094 
395,368 
Gross loans and advances to customers ....  
4,586,132 
4,497,169 
Less: provision ..............................................  
(241,074) 
(212,849) 
Net loans and advances to customers ........  
4,345,058 
4,284,320 
 
The following table sets out the Bank's due from banks and OFIs as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD '000s) 
Loans and advances 
 
 
Banks ............................................................  
39,524 
17,485 
Other financial institutions (OFIs) ................  
185,658 
208,820 
 
225,182 
226,305 
Deposits with banks ...................................  
269,416 
503,121 
Gross due from banks and OFIs ..............  
494,598 
729,426 
Less: Provision ..........................................  
(24,831) 
(24,479) 
Less: Expected credit losses  ......................  
(250) 
(179) 
Due from banks and OFIs  .......................  
469,517 
704,768 
 
The following table sets out the Bank's total provisions as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
Banks and OFIs 
Corporate 
 
Retail 
 
Total 
 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
At 1 January 2020  ...................................
24,766 
213,657 
14,018 
252,441 
Exchange adjustment  ................................
(6) 
103 
(257) 
(160) 
Amounts written off ..................................
(510) 
(36,566) 
(3,099) 
(40,175) 
Charged to consolidated statement of 
income  ....................................................
1,118 
70,328 
4,970 
76,416 
Transferred to disposal group held for sale ..
- 
(7,371) 
226 
(7,145) 
At 31 December 2020  ..............................
25,368 
240,151 
15,858 
281,377 
 
 
 
 
 
At 1 January 2019....................................
26,435 
186,482 
16,775 
229,692 
Exchange adjustment  ................................
517 
(112) 
(766) 
(361) 
Amounts written off ..................................
(5,000) 
(10,829) 
(8,662) 
(24,491) 
Charged to consolidated statement of 
income  ....................................................
2,814 
38,882 
7,445 
49,141 
Transferred to disposal group held for sale ..
- 
(766) 
(774) 
(1,540) 
At 31 December 2019 ...............................
24,766 
213,657 
14,018 
252,441

--- Page 143 ---
129 
 
 
 
The following table sets out the Bank's consolidated impaired loans and provisions by the standard portfolio as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019:  
 
 
 
 
Impaired Loans (net 
of suspended interest 
and collateral) 
Total Provision 
Specific provision 
charge / charge off 
(-) 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Claims on banks ..............................  
- 
920 
- 
Claims on corporates ......................  
30,939 
231,908 
53,043 
Regulatory retail exposures ............  
6,715 
15,858 
5,389 
Other exposures ..............................  
- 
32,691 
- 
Total ...............................................  
37,654 
281,377 
58,432 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Claims on banks ..............................  
- 
1,022 
- 
Claims on corporates ......................  
12,582 
231,947 
16,161 
Regulatory retail exposures ............  
6,355 
14,018 
5,815 
Other exposures ..............................  
- 
5,454 
- 
Total ...............................................  
18,937 
252,441 
21,976 
Non-performing loans as a percentage of cash exposure increased to 4.2 percent. as of 31 December 2020 as compared to 
2.5 percent. as of 31 December 2019. See "Impairment Losses on Loans and Advances to Customers" below for further 
detail. 
The following table compares the financial assets neither past due nor impaired as at 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019.  
 
31 December 2020 
 
Rated 
 
 
High 
Standard 
Past 
due 
but 
not 
impaired* 
Impaired 
financial 
assets* 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Sovereigns ......................................  
706,649 
162,562 
- 
- 
869,211 
Banks and OFIs  ..............................  
342,198 
251,916 
- 
- 
594,114 
Corporates  ......................................  
549,331 
2,959,971 
262,721 
174,525 
3,946,548 
Retail  ..............................................  
- 
335,799 
11,579 
2,612 
349,990 
Other credit exposures  ...................  
272,732 
218,397 
- 
- 
491,129 
 
1,870,910 
3,928,645 
274,300 
177,137 
6,250,992 
 
 
31 December 2019  
 
Rated 
 
 
High 
Standard 
Past 
due 
but 
not 
impaired* 
Impaired 
financial 
assets* 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Sovereigns ......................................  
655,317 
105,311 
- 
- 
760,628 
Banks and OFIs  ..............................  
749,365 
89,606 
- 
999 
839,970 
Corporates  ......................................  
712,129 
2,746,716 
292,392 
102,294 
3,853,531 
Retail  ..............................................  
- 
360,350 
17,265 
4,686 
382,301 
Other credit exposures  ...................  
223,136 
221,159 
- 
- 
444,295

--- Page 144 ---
130 
 
 
 
31 December 2019  
 
Rated 
 
 
High 
Standard 
Past 
due 
but 
not 
impaired* 
Impaired 
financial 
assets* 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
 
2,339,947 
3,523,142 
309,657 
107,979 
6,280,725 
* Fair value of collateral to the extent of the outstanding exposure against the above mentioned past due but not impaired 
financial assets and impaired financial assets amounted to KD 99,174 thousand (31 December 2019: KD 79,071 
thousand) and KD 160,596 thousand (31 December 2019: KD 97,786 thousand) respectively. 
The following table sets out the Bank's consolidated geographical distribution of gross credit exposures as at 31 
December 2020 based on the CBK's Basel III regulations:  
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
Kuwait Jordan Algeria 
Iraq 
Tunisia Turkey 
Other 
Middle 
East 
Europe 
Rest of 
the 
world 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
Claims 
on 
sovereigns ..........  
604,575 
- 
54,024 
- 
12,965 
188,893 119,545 15,469 
53,768 
1,049,23
9 
Claims on public 
sector entities .....  
72,333 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,408 
3,047 
85,788 
Claims 
on 
multilateral 
development banks
 ...........................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13,989 
30,260 
44,249 
Claims on banks .  
249,772 27,494 
65,492 
771 
15,019 
153,643 692,552 631,458 62,155 
1,898,35
6 
Claims 
on 
corporates ...........  
3,112,51
2 
- 
466,282 
- 
6,654 
960,313 443,726 37,587 
6,623 
5,033,69
7 
Cash items ..........  
82,434 
- 
21,528 
- 
259 
13,517 
- 
- 
- 
117,738 
Regulatory 
retail 
exposures ...........  
370,621 
- 
29,427 
- 
400 
125,076 
- 
- 
- 
525,524 
Past due exposures
 ...........................  
92,888 
- 
4,877 
- 
- 
80,727 
- 
- 
- 
178,492 
Other exposures .  
1,062,02
3 
876 
96,486 
216,626 
4,834 
87,522 
56,203 
9,776 
98,671 
1,633,01
7 
Total ...................  
5,647,15
8 
28,370 
738,116 217,397 40,131 
1,609,69
1 
1,312,02
6 
718,687 254,524 10,566,1
00 
 
The following table sets out the Bank's credit exposure and contingent liabilities by geography as at 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Financial 
Assets 
Commitment
s and 
contingent 
liabilities 
Total 
Financial 
Assets 
Commitment
s and 
contingent 
liabilities 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
Kuwait ............... 3,736,538 
1,306,155 
5,042,693 
3,642,167 
1,336,178 
4,978,345 
Jordan ................. 
25,611 
1,740 
27,351 
9,797 
9,230 
19,027 
Algeria ............... 
483,735 
135,219 
618,954 
482,672 
154,141 
636,813 
Iraq ..................... 
- 
1,971 
1,971 
- 
5,923 
5,923

--- Page 145 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Financial 
Assets 
Commitment
s and 
contingent 
liabilities 
Total 
Financial 
Assets 
Commitment
s and 
contingent 
liabilities 
Total 
Tunisia ............... 
34,639 
945 
35,584 
34,474 
2,757 
37,231 
Turkey ................ 1,038,717 
271,683 
1,310,400 
1,080,003 
177,667 
1,257,670 
Other 
Middle 
East .................... 
705,711 
34,096 
739,807 
853,436 
24,561 
877,997 
Europe ................ 
105,110 
33,047 
138,157 
53,443 
45,872 
99,315 
Rest 
of 
the 
world .................. 
120,931 
26,179 
147,110 
124,733 
35,950 
160,683 
 
6,250,992 
1,811,035 
8,062,027 
6,280,725 
1,792,279 
8,073,004 
The following table sets out the Bank's consolidated geographical distribution of impaired loans (net) as of 31 December 
2020:  
 
 
Kuwait 
Algeria 
Tunisia 
Turkey 
Total 
 
(KD 000's) 
Claims on corporates ......................  
134 
176 
-
30,629 
30,939 
Regulatory retail exposures 
5,024 
1,392 
152 
147 
6,715 
Total ...............................................  
5,158 
1,568 
152 
30,776 
37,654  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Impairment Losses on Loans and Advances to Customers 
The management of credit risk requires the maintenance of an adequate provision on credit facilities to cover the 
probable losses arising from the Bank's lending portfolio. The Bank, through its provisions committee, and other 
management committees reviews its consolidated loans and advances periodically to assess any potential deterioration in 
the asset quality and to determine the need for building provisions. In particular, considerable judgment by the 
management is required in the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows when determining the level of 
provisions required. Such estimates are necessarily based on assumptions about several factors involving varying degrees 
of judgment and uncertainty, and actual results may differ, resulting in future changes to such provisions.  
The Bank's impairment provision policy for credit facilities complies in all material respects with the specific provision 
requirements of the CBK and IFRS as adopted for use by Kuwait. In March 2007, the CBK issued a circular amending 
the basis of making minimum general provisions on facilities, changing the rate from 2 per cent. to 1 per cent. for cash 
facilities and 0.5 per cent. for non-cash facilities. The general provision as of 31 December 2006 in excess of the present 
1 per cent. for cash facilities and 0.5 per cent. for non-cash facilities amounts to KD 16.2 million and is retained as a 
general provision until further direction from the CBK. Interest income on impaired loans and advances remains 
immaterial.  
The Bank adopted IFRS 9: Financial Instruments, effective from 1 January 2018, with the exception of measurement and 
disclosure requirements of the expected credit losses on credit facilities.  
The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the regulations for financial services institutions 
as issued by the CBK. Since December 2018, these regulations require ECL to be measured at the higher of the ECL on 
credit facilities computed under IFRS 9 in accordance with the CBK guidelines or the provisions as required by CBK 
instructions; the consequent impact on related disclosures; and the adoption of all other requirements of IFRS as issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) (collectively referred to as IFRS, as adopted for use by Kuwait). 
The Bank's ECL on credit facilities determined under IFRS 9 in accordance with the CBK guidelines, amounted to KD 
252.7 million as at 31 December 2020 and KD 194.7 million as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 146 ---
132 
 
 
The following table sets out the Bank's provision for impairment of loans and advances charged to the consolidated 
statement of income by reference to (i) the requirements of IFRS; and (ii) the additional provisioning required by the 
CBK, in each case, for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
Provision for impairment of loans and advances 
(KD 000,000’s) 
(KD 000,000’s) 
IFRS provisioning…………………………………… 
59.2 
44.8
Additional provisioning required by the CBK……… 
17.3 
4.4
Total………………………………………………… 
76.5 
49.2
 
The Bank's asset quality marginally deteriorated in 2020 with non-performing assets (net of collateral) amounting to 0.8 
per cent. of total exposure as compared to 0.4 per cent. as of 31 December 2019, primarily due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. The Bank's coverage ratio decreased to 212.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2020, from 282.8 per cent. as of 31 
December 2019. The Bank's capital adequacy ratio as of 31 December 2020 was 18.1 per cent.  
(b) 
Remedial Loan Management and Collection Management 
The Bank has a separate credit recovery department that is responsible for the recovery of irregular credits and identified 
non-performing loans. 
The department functions under the LD and is instrumental in instituting effective and practical approaches in the 
collection and recovery of delinquent accounts. 
The primary role of the department is to manage an assigned portfolio of distressed credit facilities or loans to minimise 
losses and maximise the value of recoveries from the sub- and non-performing assets through restructuring, rescheduling, 
or applying other negotiation strategies. 
Where the clients need a restructuring of their exposures these are handled by the relevant department dealing with that 
particular client and the proposal is considered and approved by the relevant department only after having been reviewed 
by the GRM. 
Concerning retail loans, recoveries are handled by a collection department, part of the retail credit department, which 
seeks to recover the full amount of principal, interest, fees and related expenses. If the recovery performance is not 
satisfactory and the above avenue is exhausted, the recovery is delegated to external recovery agencies who follow up on 
the recoveries and take legal action, if necessary. 
(c) 
Strategies and Processes 
The Bank has a comprehensive credit policy approved by the Board. The credit policy is set by the GRM and complies 
with the CBK regulations. The policy has been developed by the GRM after assimilating inputs from various 
stakeholders, prevailing best practices in the market and the Bank's risk appetite framework. All the business divisions 
are required to present their credit proposals in accordance with the general and specific guidelines stated in the credit 
policy. Subject to the guidelines of the credit policy, each business division may draw up its own strategy, which is 
deliberated on at the Management Executive Committee (MEXCO) and approved by the Board. The policy also defines 
the types of products that the various business groups can market to their clients and counterparties. Any new product is 
required to undergo a specific validation process and is subject to prior regulatory approvals before its launch. 
BBT manages its credit risk through its Credit Risk Unit, which is responsible for monitoring, on a portfolio basis, the 
credit risk undertaken by BBT as a result of its lending activities. The unit provides information to the executive 
management of BBT in terms of the current position and performance direction of the loan portfolio through regular 
monitoring of all the stages of lending activities and by regular and frequent reporting of credit limits and risks based on 
collateral, sector, geographical region, and internal rating scores.

--- Page 147 ---
133 
 
 
AGB's credit policy governs the grant of credit facilities to the clients segmented into corporate banking, retail banking, 
financial institutions, Islamic banking, and leasing. 
BoB manages its credit risk by setting limits for individual borrowers and groups of borrowers. It also sets limits for 
geographical and industry segments. BoB also monitors credit exposures and continually assesses the creditworthiness of 
counterparties. In addition, BoB obtains security where appropriate and limits the duration of exposure. 
TIB manages its credit risk by setting limits for individual borrowers and groups of borrowers. TIB also monitors credit 
exposures and continually assesses the creditworthiness of counterparties. In addition, the bank obtains security where 
appropriate and limits the duration of exposure. 
(d) 
Structure and Organisation 
The Credit Risk department of the Bank is headed by the Chief Credit Risk Officer. The Credit Risk team assists the 
business divisions and the approving authorities with an objective, comprehensive and independent pre-fact credit review 
of the submitted credit proposal. Independent teams are responsible for the Credit Analysis unit and the Credit Control 
unit (see "Scope and Nature of Reporting Systems" below for details). The Financial Analysis unit is responsible for 
independent financial analysis and appraisal of credit proposals that are marketed by the CB, PBD, and Financial 
Institution divisions of the Bank. Detailed guidelines are followed by the unit for financial analysis of credit proposals 
prepared by the relationship managers of the various business groups. These proposals are then further processed in 
accordance with the delegation of powers approved by the Board. The Bank's structure of delegation of powers envisages 
that a credit approval requires, in addition to the recommendation of the concerned business group, the concurrence of an 
official of the GRM for credit approval of certain loans. To determine the concurrence of an official of the GRM, factors 
that are taken into account include the amount of the loan and existing facilities, the borrower's ability to repay, the 
source of the repayment monies and the collateral being offered. This ensures that the approval process has an in-built 
mechanism of checks and balances with the concurrence of an independent functionary before a credit proposal can be 
approved. 
On 1 July 2013, the CBK introduced regulations designed to increase the independence of oversight of all banks in 
Kuwait. The Bank has devised its risk management structure accordingly to ensure its independence and objectivity and 
is reporting to the Board Risk Committee. 
At BBT, the Credit Committee undertakes the assessment and revision of credit proposals, within the framework of the 
authority granted by its board. If it is deemed appropriate, the Credit Committee refers the credit proposals beyond its 
authorisation limit to its board. The Credit Committee is briefed on the credit proposals and credit risks by the Credit and 
Marketing Groups, which, in turn, keeps its board informed regularly.  
At AGB, the credit analysis function is in the risk management group. The Credit Risk section is also responsible for 
credit portfolio analysis and supervision and is not involved in any decision-making.  
At BoB, the Credit Committee is a management-level authority responsible for making credit decisions and monitoring 
credit activities within the discretionary authority delegated by BoB's Executive Committee and BoB's board. In 
performing its role, the Credit Committee periodically reviews and provides constructive recommendations on the credit 
policies, guidelines, processes and the future direction of credit activities for review and decision of BoB's Executive 
Committee and/or BoB's board wherever applicable.  
At TIB, the Credit Committee is a management-level authority responsible for making credit decisions and monitoring 
credit activities within the discretionary authority delegated by TIB's board. In performing its role, the Credit Committee 
periodically reviews and provides constructive recommendations on the credit policies, guidelines, processes and the 
future direction of credit activities for review and decision of BoB's Executive Committee and/or TIB's board wherever 
applicable. 
(e) 
Scope and Nature of Reporting Systems

--- Page 148 ---
134 
 
 
After the approval of a credit proposal, the Credit Control unit of the Bank is entrusted with the responsibility of 
checking that the conditions precedent for the drawdown of the credit facilities, as approved, are fulfilled before the 
facilities are made available to the client/counterparty. This unit, which is independent of the Credit Analysis unit, also 
monitors the account activity by the client/counterparty to ensure that it is in accordance with the terms of approval and 
reports any irregularities to the Credit Risk department for necessary corrective action. This unit is also responsible for 
ensuring that the relevant details for measurement of the risk and allocation of the appropriate risk weights to the 
exposures are made available in the system so that the computation of the risk-weighted assets can be made 
appropriately. 
The types of collateral accepted by the Bank normally consist of cash in the form of deposits with the Bank, shares, 
bonds, and units of mutual funds, and various forms of real estate such as vacant land, investment properties, commercial 
buildings and projects under construction. The Bank does not undertake residential mortgage lending in line with current 
local regulations. The scope to obtain any other type of collateral, such as movables, is limited since Kuwaiti law does 
not recognise a hypothecation charge or a chattel mortgage. To mitigate credit risk, the Bank considers collateral 
permitted by the CBK, and for which conditions stipulated are fully met. 
As regards shares, bonds, and similar types of collateral, the Bank fulfills the stipulated regulatory requirements 
including periodic valuation and application of haircuts. As regards real estate assets, the Bank employs independent, 
professional and government-recognised valuers who are required to assess the value of the collateral before it is 
accepted as security. The Bank will ordinarily obtain two independent valuation reports and consider the average of the 
two. The frequency of the valuation is again in line with the regulatory requirements. The amount of a secured facility 
that a borrower can draw down is based on the valuation of security, after applying the necessary coverage ratios under 
the conditions of approval. 
In relation to Retail Banking, the retail credit policy and the various retail banking products are examined by the Credit 
Risk department as regards the underlying risks. The policy, along with the comments of the Credit Risk department, is 
presented for approval by the appropriate authorities of the Bank, such as the Board Credit and Investment Committee 
(BCIC). The approved policy, which details the credit underwriting criteria, is then implemented by the Retail Banking 
Group. The Retail Banking assets are monitored by the Credit Risk department. 
In BBT, the Credit Monitoring unit monitors the corporate, commercial, and retail credit portfolio. The Credit 
Monitoring unit implements a proactive method by communicating credit accounts that are potentially problematic, and 
which are identified through early warning signals to the relevant management. Once such problematic credit accounts 
have been identified, the Credit Monitoring Unit undertakes the necessary action to minimise BBT's possible loss. 
In AGB, the client's application is sent to the respective business unit. Approvals are required for the credit proposal, and 
the Credit Administration unit is entrusted with the responsibility of checking that the conditions precedent for the 
drawdown of the credit facilities, as approved, are fulfilled before the facilities are made available to the 
client/counterparty.  
In TIB, the Credit and Risk Management department reviews compliance with guidelines and thresholds and monitors 
compliance with lending limits. The head of Credit and Risk Management sits on the Credit Committee of TIB which, in 
turn, is a committee of the Board of TIB which is ultimately responsible for approving all credits above certain 
thresholds. 
(f) 
Hedges and Mitigants 
The credit policy of the Bank, while outlining the risk appetite as regards credit risk, also specifies the guidelines to 
mitigate risks in terms of availability of credit enhancements and/or collateral to support the exposure, minimum 
coverage ratio for different types of collateral, and the threshold levels for a top-up of security and liquidation. The policy 
and procedures of the Bank also specify the required methods and intervals for valuation of different types of collateral to 
determine the necessity for top-up by the client and appropriate escalation to senior management. Since, there are limited 
avenues for other types of hedges such as credit default swaps and other similar structures in the Kuwaiti banking 
environment, the chief mitigants considered are eligible collateral and/or guarantees of acceptable third parties.

--- Page 149 ---
135 
 
 
For BBT, the credit risk policy requires that the credit exposures are adequately covered by satisfactory collateral. 
The credit policy of AGB, while outlining the risk appetite, as regards, credit risk, has also laid down guidelines for 
mitigating risks in terms of acceptable collateral and the ratio of collateral value to the loan to be granted. With regard to 
real estate assets, AGB has employed independent and professional appraisers who are required to assess the value of the 
collateral before it is accepted as security. Algerian law permits enforcement of the mortgage on the primary residence. 
For BoB, the amount and type of collateral required depends on the assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. 
Guidelines are implemented regarding the acceptability of types of collateral and valuation parameters. The main types of 
collateral obtained are real estate properties, inventory and cash margin. 
For TIB, the amount and type of collateral required depends on the assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. 
Guidelines are implemented regarding the acceptability of types of collateral and valuation parameters. The main types of 
collateral obtained are real estate properties, inventory, bank guarantees, deposits and cash margin. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk that the Bank’s earnings or capital may fall as a result of changes in market rates or prices. The 
risk can arise from changes in interest or foreign exchange rates, equity or commodity prices, or other relevant 
parameters, such as market volatility and credit spreads on traded debt instruments. 
The Bank is exposed to market risk through the normal course of its day-to-day activities. Market risk arises, for 
example, when Corporate and Retail Banking departments extend loans or take in deposits at various interest rates and 
maturities, or when TIBG invests in market securities. 
All market risks to which the Bank is exposed are managed via a multi-tiered limit system that cascades Board-level 
limits down to subsidiaries and various risk-taking units. The management of these risks involves quantifying, 
monitoring, and reporting them to relevant stakeholders (such as risk-taking units, management committees such as the 
Assets Liability Committee (ALCO), and Board committees such as the Board Risk Committee). 
The Bank's business areas are the first line of defence against market risks and are responsible for initiating and 
managing risk exposures and for bringing them to within approved limits. In doing so, they are supported by other units 
that are independent of the risk-taking business areas. In particular, the Bank's Middle Office is responsible for 
overseeing and reporting day-to-day limit utilisations and dealer positions and the Bank's Financial Accounting and 
Control department is responsible for regulatory reporting and maintenance of the Bank's profit and loss, while the 
Market Risk Management unit (MRM) (a unit within GRM) is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting 
market risks. 
Other departments, such as the Internal Audit and Compliance department, ensure that processes and duties around 
market risk management are functioning as per the policies and procedures approved by the Board and as required by 
regulatory authorities. 
Sources of Market Risk 
Sources of market risk vary. They are typically market prices or rates whose changes may impact the Bank’s profitability 
or capital adequacy. Changes in the price of interest rate and equity instruments classified as Fair Value Through Profit 
and Loss (FVPL) will impact the Bank’s earnings, while instruments classified as Fair Value Through Other 
Comprehensive Income (FVOCI) will impact the Bank’s capital. Similarly, open foreign exchange positions will impact 
earnings while structural positions will impact capital. Sources of market risk include the following: 
(a) 
Foreign Currency Risk 
Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss that results from changes in foreign exchange rates. Foreign exchange risk arises 
from a currency mismatch between the Bank’s assets and liabilities, as well as from foreign currency earnings or

--- Page 150 ---
136 
 
 
dividends received from subsidiaries. A net open position in foreign currencies may impact the Bank’s earnings and 
translate the volatility of exchange rates into a volatility of earnings. 
MRM measures this foreign exchange risk by applying accepted market techniques, including value at risk (VaR), stress 
scenarios and others. 
The following table analyses the effect on profit and equity of an assumed 5 per cent. strengthening in the value of the 
relevant currency rate against the KD from levels applicable at the year-end, with all other variables held constant:* 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 
December 2020 
For the year ended 31 December 
2019  
Currency 
Change in 
currency rate 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
 
(%) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Algerian dinar ....  
+5 
483 
3,697 
703 
3,761 
Iraqi dinar...........  
+5 
257 
2,929 
69 
3,564 
Turkish lira.........  
+5 
(436) 
2,128 
311 
1,962 
U.S. dollar ..........  
+5 
(668) 
2,820 
(727) 
2,676 
Others .................  
+5 
174 
- 
186 
- 
* 
The percentage change in currency rate is an assumed 5.0 per cent. strengthening in the value of the relevant 
currency rate against the KD from levels applicable at the year-end, with all other variables held constant, see 
Note 24 to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements for further details. 
(b) 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates. The Bank is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in prevailing levels of market interest rates on: 
(1) the Bank's financial position; and (2) the Bank's cash flows. This arises as a result of mismatches or gaps in the 
amounts of assets and liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments that mature or reprice in a given period. The Bank is 
also exposed to interest rate risk on its interest bearing assets and liabilities. 
Off-balance sheet derivative products and other actionable claims that are based on interest rates, such as interest rate 
swaps or interest rate futures / forward rate agreements, may also alter the Bank’s risk profile and its sensitivity to 
interest rates. 
The Bank manages these risks by matching the repricing of assets and liabilities through risk management strategies. 
There are many metrics to measure interest rate risk, including the price value of a basis point, modified duration, interest 
VaR, earnings at risk (EaR), economic value of equity, and stress testing. MRM applies all these measures and does so 
on the basis that the choice of a risk measure should be driven by the following characteristics: 
•     the relevant measure is widely considered as “best practice” approach in the marketplace; 
•     it is appropriate to the portfolio and its accounting category; 
•     it articulates risk in terms of both economic value and earnings; and 
•     it incorporates a wide and appropriate range of interest rate shocks and stress scenarios. 
MRM translates these measures into meaningful representations in order to help stakeholders and risk-taking units in 
managing the Bank’s balance sheet and interest rate exposures, as well as to inform the Board of the Bank’s risk profile 
and the potential consequences of unhedged exposures.

--- Page 151 ---
137 
 
 
The table below summarises the effect on consolidated net interest income of the Bank caused by changes in interest 
rates as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Increase in interest rate basis points 
 
 
50 ....................................................  
8,049 
9,916 
100 ..................................................  
16,090 
19,869 
 
 
 
Decrease in interest rate basis points 
 
 
50 ....................................................  
(8,041) 
(10,087) 
100 ..................................................  
(16,080) 
(19,942) 
 
(c) 
Equity price risk  
Equity price risk arises from the fluctuation in equity prices that can impact the value of the Bank’s equity investments. 
This impact can be on earnings if the security is classified as FVPL, or on the Bank’s capital if the security is classified 
as FVOCI. 
MRM measures both impacts separately and applies widely accepted risk measurement techniques, including VaR, 
shocks and others. 
(d) 
Liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is the risk to earnings or capital arising from the Bank’s inability to meet its obligations or commitments to 
a customer, creditor, or investor as they fall due, without incurring unacceptable losses. It generally arises from either an 
inadequate maturity profile of funding sources or a failure to recognise or address changes in market conditions that 
affect the Bank’s ability to liquidate assets (i.e. convert them to cash) quickly and with minimal loss in value. The 
primary objective of the Bank’s liquidity management framework is to ensure that the Bank has sufficient liquidity to 
meet its obligations in both normal and stressed conditions without having to make an unplanned sale of assets or borrow 
expensive funds under emergency conditions. 
MRM measures and reports liquidity risk according to a number of different measures such as: the liquidity coverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, liquidity gap reports, funding concentrations, and stress tests. Liquidity stress tests 
include both systemic and Bank-specific scenarios and incorporate a realistic escalation of severity. Stress tests and their 
assumptions are reviewed periodically to ensure they remain relevant to the Bank’s profile and business activities. 
(e) 
Strategies and Processes 
The operations of the Bank's TIBG give rise to the market risks assumed by the Bank. The Bank has a well-defined and 
CBK-compliant Treasury policy that outlines its risk appetite in relation to undertaking transactions that result in 
exposures to market risk. Being a specialised area that requires in-depth knowledge of the market and various products 
and participants therein, the policy document is prepared by the TIBG with inputs/concurrence from the GRM, under the 
guidance and approval of the Board. The policy covers rules concerning the positions that the Bank assumes during its 
trading in foreign exchange, equities and fixed income securities, and also the interest rate risk position of its banking 
book in terms of mismatches in maturity and/or re-pricing periods. At present, the Bank does not trade in commodities or 
take up any positions in respect of commodity-based derivatives or other products. The strategies that TIBG plans to 
adopt during the coming year are decided based on market forecasts that are made at the time of preparation of the annual 
budget. These are, on an ongoing basis, discussed at the ALCO meetings and required action, if any, is decided at these 
meetings. The ALCO discusses and deliberates on all aspects of market and liquidity risks, and has the overall 
responsibility for asset-liability management as well as the Bank's liquidity. At the ALCO monthly meetings, the Bank's 
liquidity indicators, deposit concentration and regulatory ratios for liquidity, among other things, are discussed in detail.

--- Page 152 ---
138 
 
 
In June 2013, the ALCO approved a revised Liquidity Contingency Plan that takes into account the actions needed to be 
taken by the Bank in the area of liquidity management. This plan defines in detail the role that ALCO would play in case 
of liquidity stress scenarios. 
At BBT, the utilisation of all market risk limits is reported to the ALCO and the Risk Committee. 
AGB has set up an ALCO. The policy covering the main areas of market risk is under implementation. ALCO will be 
chaired by the General Manager and will be convened by the Head of Credit and Market Risks in the Risk Management 
department. 
The market risks at BoB are monitored and managed within acceptable levels through BoB's Executive Committee, 
Treasury Department, and Board. 
At TIB, ALCO is responsible for managing interest rate risk and liquidity risk. 
(f) 
Structure and Organisation 
TIBG, in consultation with the GRM, formulates limits and rules under which various members of the Treasury dealing 
room are allowed to take positions. These limits are approved by the Board and, where so required under the regulations, 
also by the CBK. These limits relate to, for example, end-of-day positions on different maturity buckets, counterparty 
exposures, and stop-loss levels. TIBG ensures adherence to these limits at all times. These limits are independently 
monitored by the Group Market Risk department. The Middle Office reports traded and investment positions held by the 
Treasury to the Head of TIBG and the GRM daily or more frequently if necessary. The Middle Office reports to the 
Financial Control Group. 
At BBT, foreign exchange position limits, bond portfolio limits, and value-at-risk limits are monitored daily, while 
interest rate gap limits are monitored monthly. All market risk limit utilisations are reported to the ALCO and Risk 
Committee. BBT's Market Risk Unit runs stress tests regularly and presents the results to the BBT board, ALCO and 
Risk Committee. The stress tests describe the effects of defined changes in yield curves, credit spreads and FX rates on 
certain on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet items. 
As regards AGB, apart from covering operations to meet client requests for foreign currency transactions, it does not 
actively trade in foreign currencies or assume material proprietary positions in such currencies. AGB's positions are 
subject to a ceiling of 10.0 per cent. of its equity for a single currency and 30.0 per cent. in aggregate for all foreign 
currencies. 
At BoB, the Board has established limits on the interest rate gaps for stipulated periods. Positions are monitored daily. 
Similarly, for foreign currency risk, the BoB board has set limits on positions by currencies which are monitored daily. 
TIB is mainly oriented towards short-term self-liquidating business and is not involved in trading activities. TIB is 
subject to interest rate risk and liquidity risk. ALCO monitors funding needs, risk appetite, the composition of assets and 
liabilities and the competitive environment in which the bank operates, liquidity, hedging strategies and funding mix. 
(g) 
Scope and Nature of Reporting Systems 
Risk and limit utilisation reports are produced daily to ensure risks are effectively managed within the Bank and across 
its subsidiaries. These reports are made available to the Heads of Risk daily, and the Board and the relevant Risk 
Committees as required. 
(h) 
Hedges and Mitigants 
A major part of the banking book of the Bank is in KD, the other important currencies being the internationally actively 
traded currencies. Due to the limited scope for hedging interest rate positions in KD arising from a limited range of 
hedging products, the Bank enters into, where reasonably possible, variable interest rate transactions structured to enable

--- Page 153 ---
139 
 
 
it to minimise maturity and repricing mismatches. As regards other currencies, the open positions taken by the Bank are 
within pre-set limits and tenors for the respective currency. The Bank also makes use of interest rate and currency swaps 
to hedge its interest rate and currency positions in foreign currencies. 
Operational Risk 
(a) 
Strategies and Processes 
The Operational Risk Department is headed by the Head of Operational Risk, who reports to the Group Chief Risk 
Officer. The department oversees the operational procedures and controls to identify areas of weakness in the operating 
procedures and processes of the various operating departments of the Bank and correct them from time to time. The 
Operational Risk Management Policy of the Bank classifies the various areas of operational risks and identifies specific 
officers who are primarily responsible for these risks. For example, the legal risks fall under the direct responsibility of 
the legal officer whereas the IT risks fall under the responsibility of the Head of the IT Department. The processing of 
various transactions is governed by Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) which are laid down for each of the operating 
departments. 
The Bank has a Business Continuity and Recovery Plan, which was developed with necessary inputs from all the 
concerned groups in the Bank. This plan is being upgraded with necessary inputs and consolidated across the Bank's 
subsidiaries. 
At BBT, the Head of the GRM is responsible for operational risk in coordination with the Operational Risk unit and 
reports to the Risk Committee for review. 
At AGB, Operational Risk is the responsibility of the Head of Operational Risk along with GICO, whose head also 
reports to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). IT security function directly reports to the CRO. To separate the functions of IT 
development/operations from IT Security, the Head of IT Security and Business Continuity Management in the 
Operations Risk Department is also responsible for independently ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness of IT security 
systems and procedures. These include both internal and external IT security measures. 
At BoB, the management of operational risk is the responsibility of the Operational Risk Manager. BoB has also 
established a culture that emphasises the importance of mitigating operational risk in its business. This is accomplished 
by having reliable risk management reporting and supervision of various board and management committees, 
implementing segregation of duties, KYC procedures, strong internal controls, and enhancing employees' awareness. 
At TIB, the management of operational risk is the responsibility of GICO, whose head also acts as the Money Laundering 
Reporting Officer. To mitigate operational risk in its business, TIB has invested in an automated system to identify 
potentially suspicious transactions and has introduced KYC procedures. 
(b) 
Structure and Organisation 
The various operational functions of the Bank come under the Operations Group headed by the Bank's Chief Operations 
Officer, General Manager, who oversees the day-to-day operations and support functions of the Bank. 
At BBT, a loss database has been implemented for operational risk quantification. Operational risk categories have been 
developed based on the BIS standards, and a sub-categorisation of the incidents that might be encountered has been 
completed. BBT's operational risk unit maintains and improves BBT's Contingency Plan. 
The operational functions at AGB are the responsibility of two Deputy General Managers, who report to the General 
Manager. The Deputy General Manager (Core Business) is in charge of corporate banking, retail banking, branch 
network, and corporate communication, while the Deputy General Manager (Support Services) is in charge of HR, Trade 
Finance, and IT.

--- Page 154 ---
140 
 
 
BoB has developed a framework whereby business units are responsible for identifying and documenting various key 
risk indicators emanating from the activities of their operations to measure the integrity and effectiveness of the 
implemented internal control environment within their departments. Given the importance of monitoring operational risk, 
these together with other operational risk incidents/issues are discussed monthly with top management/executive 
committee members and an appropriate course of action is taken to mitigate them. 
As part of the operational risk management, TIB has developed a framework whereby business units are responsible for 
identifying and documenting various key risk indicators emanating from the activities of their operations to measure the 
integrity and effectiveness of the implemented internal control environment within their departments. 
(c) 
Scope and Nature of Reporting Systems 
As regards the scope and nature of risk reporting in this area, the Bank has laid down internal control charts (ICC) that 
are required to be submitted by the various divisions/groups at critical levels and with differing reporting periods. These 
are required to be submitted to specified supervisors, who conduct the necessary follow-up in relation to exceptions and 
ensure corrective action. 
The Internal Audit department at BBT, by carrying out audits in BBT's branches, headquarter divisions, and subsidiaries, 
provides assurance to BBT's management that BBT's operations are in compliance with laws and other legislation, BBT's 
strategy, policy and procedures and that BBT's internal control and risk management systems are effective and adequate. 
AGB has in place an internal control unit in the Operational Risk Unit. It is responsible for identifying key risk areas 
mainly in the branches for control and follow-up, which are in the process of being implemented in all departments. AGB 
is also in the process of applying the same ICC system existing at the Bank. 
The Internal Audit Department at BoB provides the Board Audit Committee and senior management of the bank with 
continuous assessment and assurance on the effectiveness and quality of controls. Through a systematic risk-based 
approach, the department aims at introducing continuous improvements to the BoB's overall operations and procedures, 
in line with applicable regulatory requirements and best practices. The department operates on a three-year strategic audit 
plan approved by the Board Audit Committee of BoB. The plan covers key auditable areas categorised by department. 
These areas would receive audit attention due to their significance on BoB's risk profile and the importance of having an 
appropriate control environment on which to rely.  
TIB is in the process of applying the same ICC system existing at the Bank. TIB also minimises conflicts of interests and 
the risk of unauthorised transactions or fraudulent activities through the segregation of duties of its employees, and heads 
of departments are responsible to monitor this. 
(d) 
Hedges and Mitigants 
The Bank has set up an Incident Management System, under which various incidents of operational risks are noted and 
registered with all the relevant details. These incidents may relate to either actual or potential loss incidents resulting 
from an operational failure or dysfunction, due to either external or internal causes. These incidents are analysed to effect 
necessary changes in the SOPs in order to enhance the operational controls and to eliminate or minimise operational 
losses. These incidents are, at appropriate intervals, reported to the top management of the Bank and the appropriate 
Board Committee. 
The Bank has also developed Risk Dashboards in some of its operational areas, which serve to provide a snapshot of the 
operational risks in these operating units. The Bank intends to extend these Risk Dashboards progressively to cover more 
units of the Bank. 
BoB has a dedicated team to protect the bank's Information Technology systems and network and ensure the integrity of 
the data. In addition, appropriate disaster recovery and business continuity planning and setup are in place, including 
remote data back-up and disaster recovery facilities.

--- Page 155 ---
141 
 
 
Information and Cybersecurity Risk 
(e) 
Strategies and Processes 
The Information and Cybersecurity Risk Department is headed by the Unit Head of Information and Cybersecurity Risk, 
who reports to the Group Chief Risk Officer. The Information and Cybersecurity Risk Department oversees the Bank’s 
information and cybersecurity policies, operating procedures, and controls to identify areas of weakness in the 
cyberspace and improve the controls. It is responsible for maintaining the cyber compliance requirements that are 
mandated by statutory bodies. It also conducts continuous assessment, external and internal penetration testing from time 
to time and provides the continuous assurance and safety. The Information and Cybersecurity Policy of the Bank 
provides the required guidance, classifies the various areas of technology risks and identifies specific departments who 
are primarily responsible for these risks. For example, the IT risks fall under the responsibility of the Head of the IT 
Department and Business risk under the Head of Channel business respectively. They provide continuous cybersecurity 
awareness to the staff, and validate the effectiveness periodically. They provide specific procedural guidelines for all 
departments under the information and cybersecurity risks and are monitored additionally. 
The Bank also has a Business Continuity and Recovery Plan, which was developed with necessary inputs from all the 
concerned groups in the Bank. Cybersecurity risk and scenarios are part of the Business Continuity and Recovery Plan. 
This plan is being upgraded with necessary inputs and consolidated across the Bank's subsidiaries. 
At BBT, the Head of IT Security is responsible for information and cybersecurity security risk in coordination with the 
Risk department, IT department and business units and reports to the Board Risk Committee for review. They provide 
cybersecurity awareness to the staff, provide monitoring service for cyber controls across the bank. They are responsible 
for information and cybersecurity risk across the BBT’s subsidiaries also. 
At AGB, Head of IT Security is responsible for information and cybersecurity risk. The IT security function directly 
reports to the CRO. For the purpose of separation of functions of IT development/operations from IT security, the Head 
of IT Security also holds the Business Continuity Management along with the adequacy and effectiveness of IT security 
systems and procedures. These include both internal and external IT security measures. 
At BoB, the Chief Information Security Officer is responsible for monitoring information security risk and enhancing 
employees' awareness. They provide cyber security awareness to the staff, provide monitoring service for cyber controls 
across BoB. They are also responsible for information and cybersecurity risk across the BoB’s subsidiaries. 
At TIB, the IT Risk Officer is responsible for the Information Technology risks. They provide cyber security awareness 
to the staff, provides monitoring service for cyber controls across the bank. They are responsible for maintaining the 
statutory mandates across the technology implementation and security controls.  
(f) 
Scope and Nature of Reporting Systems 
The information and cybersecurity risk updates are presented to the Board Risk Committee and to the Board periodically.  
Compliance, Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Financing of Terrorism 
Compliance risk is the risk of reputation, earnings or capital arising from the violation or non-conformation with laws, 
regulations, policies, practices and ethical standards including money laundering in terms of process by which criminals 
attempt to hide and disguise the true origin and proceeds of their criminal activities and in relation to financing of 
terrorist activity. 
The Bank ensures the implementation of the local and regulatory and statutory requirements and has in place customer 
due diligence policies and procedures in line with KYC principles as set out below. The Group Anti-Financial Crime 
Department Policies and Procedures form a fundamental part of its anti-money laundering internal control regime. These 
policies and procedures are intended to reduce risk of accounts being used for money laundering or terrorist financing 
and to help identify suspicious transactions.

--- Page 156 ---
142 
 
 
The Group Anti-Financial Crime Department has 3 policies and 8 procedures in place pursuant to CBK instructions 
relating to Anti-Money Laundering and the Combating of Terrorism Financing. 
The Group Anti-Financial Crime Department Policies and Procedures are defined by, but not limited to, a set of key 
principles: 
(a) 
Engagement. The Group Anti-Financial Crime Department Policies and  Procedures apply to all areas of the 
Bank's business, its operating groups, each of its branches and subsidiaries to ensure proper implementation; 
(b) 
KYC. The Bank has put in place designated procedures related to the KYC and Customer Due Diligence (CDD), 
which are designed to determine and document the true identity of customers, obtain basic background 
information on customers and also provide for periodic updates on the identity of customers. The Group Anti-
Financial Crime Department Policies and Procedures covers the saving and retrieval of documents and examines 
the identity of the transferor and transferee on outward and inward transfers; 
(c) 
Training. The Bank has regular training courses for its staff to ensure it understands its responsibilities under the 
Group Anti-Financial Crime Department Policies and Procedures, implements it in its day-to-day work and has a 
clear understanding how to detect, monitor and report suspicious activities and transactions; and 
(d) 
Effectiveness. The Bank also has a system that gives details of potential suspicious transactions day to day, and 
these are further examined, and explanations taken, when considered necessary. In the case of a strong 
suspicion, a report is made to the relevant legal authorities. 
LEGAL DIVISION 
The Group Chief Legal Counsel is responsible for overseeing the LD. He is also responsible for overseeing Kuwaiti 
qualified lawyers, internationally and locally focused legal counsellors, as well as support services staff. The LD is 
responsible for coordinating lawsuits where the Bank is a party to the action, providing legal advice and opinions, 
reviewing the impact of legislative amendments on the Bank, and drafting contracts and internal company documents. 
The LD reports directly to the CEO and, amongst other things, provides the CEO and the GRM with details of any legal 
matters that may have particular impact on the Bank.  
RISK COMMITTEE 
The Board constitutes a Board Risk Committee, which defines the risk policy of the Bank and oversees the risk 
assessment. 
LIQUIDITY 
The Bank's liquidity needs arise primarily from making loans and advances to customers, payment of expenses and 
dividends, and investments in associates. To date, the Bank's liquidity needs have been funded largely through deposits, 
syndicated loans, interbank loans and interest received on loans and advances to customers, and through debt issuances. 
During 2008-2009, government entities injected funds into the banking system to support the economy (bank deposits 
were also guaranteed) and stability was maintained throughout. Additionally, the Bank significantly altered the allocation 
of liquid assets in 2009 to improve the return on assets on its balance sheet by moving a higher percentage of liquid 
assets from placements in the interbank market, which became inactive, to treasury bills and bonds. 
In 2012, the Bank issued the 2012 Subordinated Bonds at 100.0 per cent. of the principal amount. The 2012 Subordinated 
Bonds met the requirements to be treated as Tier 2 eligible capital under Basel II regulations issued by the CBK. In 2014, 
the Bank issued U.S.$500 million Perpetual Tier I Capital Securities which met the eligibility requirements for 
Additional Tier 1 capital under the Basel III regulations.

--- Page 157 ---
143 
 
 
In March 2016, the Bank issued the 2016 Subordinated Bonds. The 2016 Subordinated Bonds met the requirements to be 
treated as Tier 2 eligible capital under Basel III regulations issued by the CBK. The Bank is classified as a D-SIB. 
Furthermore, in September 2016, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million Senior Unsecured Bonds due in 2021. 
In December 2018, the Bank issued KD 100 million Senior Unsecured Bonds due in 2021 through a private placement. 
In July 2019, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities to manage the Bank’s capital and long 
term liquidity in accordance with regulatory requirements, and in parallel the Bank concluded a tender buy-back of U.S. 
$230.185 million Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities, which were previously issued on 30 September 2014. In September 
2019, the Bank redeemed the total outstanding amount (U.S. $269.815 million) of the Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities, 
which were initially issued on 30 September 2014. 
In December 2020, the Bank issued U.S.$500 million Subordinated Tier 2 Capital Securities with an eleven-year tenor, 
and an option for redemption after six years from the date of their issuance. In March 2021, the Bank redeemed the total 
outstanding amount (KD 100 million) of the 2016 Subordinated Bonds, which were initially issued in March 2016. 
REGULATORY CAPITAL 
Management of the Bank's capital base is critical to the growth of the Bank's group, both organically and through 
strategic investments. 
The Bank's capital adequacy ratio (CAR) is calculated in accordance with the international framework for capital 
measurement and capital standards for banking institutions set by the Basel Committee on Banking Regulation and 
Supervisory Practices as adopted by the CBK.

--- Page 158 ---
144 
 
 
 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Bank's CAR as at 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 (each in accordance with Basel III): 
 
 
As at 30 June  
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Risk weighted assets .................................................... 
6,182,634
 
6,305,697
6,133,928
Total capital required* ................................................. 
711,003
 
725,155
858,750
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital........................ 
642,592
 
660,699
704,919
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital ................................... 
152,216
 
152,895
153,066
Tier 2 capital ................................................................ 
226,789
 
328,928
174,802
Total eligible capital................................................... 
1,021,597
 
1,142,522
1,032,787
 
 
CET1 capital adequacy ratio ........................................ 
10.4%
 
10.5%
11.5%
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio ........................................ 
12.9%
 
12.9%
14.0%
Total capital adequacy ratio ......................................... 
16.5%
 
18.1%
16.8%
* 
Capital required is the percentage of risk weighted assets based on CBK requirements. 
On 27 April 2010, the Bank raised KD 100.8 million (capital KD 36.0 million; share premium KD 64.8 million) through 
a rights issue of 360 million shares at KD 0.280 per share. Part of the proceeds was used to prepay half of the 
subordinated debt owing to a related party while the remaining funds were used to fund the Bank's expansion strategy. 
On 24 June 2014, the CBK issued the Instructions to conventional banks in Kuwait, that impose risk-based Basel III 
capital and leverage standards upon Kuwaiti banks, which substantially adhere to Basel Committee standards. These 
Instructions establish a systematic analytical framework that makes regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to 
differences in credit risk profiles among banking organisations, takes off-balance sheet exposures into explicit account in 
assessing capital adequacy and minimises disincentives to holding liquid, low-risk assets. The risk-based ratio is 
determined by assigning assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures, such as foreign exchange and derivative products 
and letters of credit, into one of four risk-weighted categories, with higher levels of capital being required for the 
categories perceived as representing greater credit risk. The risk-based capital instructions also incorporate a measure for 
market risk in foreign exchange and commodity activities and in the trading of debt and equity investments. 
Under the Instructions, capital is divided into two tiers. The first tier (Tier 1) includes common shareholders' equity 
(excluding net unrealised holding gains or losses on securities available-for-sale and net gains or losses on cash flow 
hedges and risk reserves which are created pursuant to the CBK regulations for portfolio credit risk purposes), qualifying 
perpetual preferred stock and any related surplus, mandatorily redeemable securities of subsidiary trusts, and minority 
interests that are held by others in a bank's consolidated subsidiaries, less certain intangible assets, and a capital charge 
for certain non-financial equity investments. The second tier (Tier 2) includes, among other items, perpetual preferred 
stock to the extent it does not qualify for Tier 1, qualifying senior and subordinated debt and subordinated capital notes, 
limited life preferred stock and any related surplus, a portion of unrealised marketable equity securities gains and the 
allowance for credit losses, subject to certain limitations. In addition, pursuant to the Instructions, Kuwaiti banks were 
required to maintain a capital adequacy ratio of 12.0 per cent. of risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 plus Tier 2 capital), which 
level was applicable until the end of 2014 and which rose to 12.5 per cent. by the end of 2015 and 13.0 per cent. by the 
end of 2016. Additionally, all commercial banks are required to maintain additional capital (0.5 per cent. to 2.0 per cent. 
depending on the bank's size and complexity, as determined by the CBK) in the form of a D-SIB charge. The Bank is 
classified as a D-SIB. 
However, as a temporary measure to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Kuwait’s domestic economy and 
the banking sector, the CBK reduced the minimum capital adequacy requirement from 13.0 per cent. to 10.5 per cent. by 
releasing the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. with effect from 1 April 2020. According to the CBK, the 
amendment will be in effect until the end of 2021, when it will be reviewed again.

--- Page 159 ---
145 
 
 
The Bank has an ICAAP, which provides for the calculation of the capital adequacy ratio of the Bank at regular intervals, 
whereby a cushion is maintained over and above the one per cent. D-SIB charge to mitigate any unexpected risks that the 
Bank may face in maintaining the required level of capital. 
Failure to meet applicable capital guidelines or instructions (including the Instructions) issued by the CBK could subject 
the Bank to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the Kuwait regulatory authorities, including limitations on the 
Bank's ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the CBK of a directive to increase capital and/or sell or reduce assets, as 
well as the imposition of fines. 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS 
The Bank offers products such as guarantees, which do not appear on its balance sheet (but which are shown in Note 20 
to the 2020 Annual Financial Statements). In order to comply with CBK liquidity ratios, the Bank must maintain certain 
cash balances against such off-balance sheet commitments. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Bank enters into transactions with certain related parties (KIPCO, directors and key management personnel of the 
Bank and entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties) who were customers of the 
Bank. The terms of these transactions are approved by the BCC or a delegated authority below that, depending on the 
nature of the transaction. As at 31 December 2020, the aggregate of loan exposures to related parties represented 19.1 per 
cent. of the total loan portfolio (excluding banks and OFIs within the KIPCO group). 
None of the Bank's directors or officers, or the direct or indirect shareholders of the Bank holding more than 5.0 per cent. 
of their respective issued share capital, has or had any interest in any transactions with the Bank or its affiliates that are or 
were unusual in their nature or conditions or significant to the Bank's business or its affiliates taken as a whole that were 
effected during the current or immediately preceding three financial years. 
The following table sets out the balances as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and transactions for the year 
then ended: 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data 
 
 
 
Due from banks and OFIs ...................................................
184,879 
170,688 
Loans and advances to customers .......................................
983,769 
892,046 
Investment securities...........................................................
134,346 
147,149 
Investment securities managed by a related party ...............
66,329 
64,484 
Other assets .........................................................................
5,283 
4,772 
Due to banks .......................................................................
21,448 
8,109 
Due to other financial institutions .......................................
31,716 
38,523 
Deposits from customers ....................................................
125,274 
119,062 
 
Commitments and contingent liabilities 
 
 
Letters of credit ...................................................................
21,454 
13,834 
Letters of guarantee ............................................................
81,318 
78,330 
Undrawn lines of credit .......................................................
103,529 
121,785 
Other commitments.............................................................
15,987 
16,426 
 
Transactions 
 
 
Interest income ....................................................................
40,488 
46,364 
Interest expense ..................................................................
(1,929) 
(2,895) 
Fee and commission income ...............................................
1,474 
1,449 
Fee and commission expenses ............................................
(739) 
(949) 
Dividend income .................................................................
1,366 
2,770

--- Page 160 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
As at / for the year ended 31 December 
 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Other expense .....................................................................
(3,606) 
(3,045) 
Other income 
- 
38 
 
 
 
Other transactions during the year 
 
 
Purchase of investment securities .......................................
29,571 
23,054 
Sale of investment securities ...............................................
24,041 
- 
Loss on sale of investment securities .................................
19 
- 
 
 
 
Board members 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers .......................................
4,452 
3,915 
Deposits from customers ....................................................
907 
518 
 
 
 
Executive staff 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers .......................................
219 
213 
Deposits from customers ....................................................
2,431 
1,799 
Letters of guarantee ............................................................
7 
- 
Key managerial compensation 
The table below sets out the remuneration paid or payable in relation to "key management" (deemed for this purpose to 
comprise the Directors in relation to their committee service, the CEO and Senior Officers) for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 and the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
 
30 June  
 
31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD 000's) 
 
(KD 000's) 
(KD 000's) 
Short term employee benefits – including salary and bonus
 ..................................................................................... 
2,893
 
5,070 
5,621
Accrual for end of service benefits6 ............................. 
1,181
 
1,336 
1,331
Accrual for cost of long term incentive rights ............. 
284
 
622 
1,105
Accrual for committee services ................................... 
185
 
120 
370
 
4,543
 
7,148 
8,427
LITIGATION 
The Bank is currently involved in a number of legal proceedings which it considers immaterial and which have arisen 
during the ordinary course of its business. The Bank does not believe that any final judgments made against it in such 
proceedings would have a material adverse effect on its consolidated results or financial position and, as at 30 June 2021, 
has made adequate provisions regarding any outstanding legal proceedings involving the Bank. 
INSURANCE 
The Bank maintains fire and perils property insurance for its premises, including head office and the branches, building 
and contents; and fire and perils property insurance for goods at customs warehouse. Its electronic equipment has been 
insured with computer all risk insurance while mobile ATMs are covered with plant and machinery insurance. The Bank 
also provides staff with medical insurance. The Bank also maintains third party liability insurance, bankers' blanket 
insurance, directors' and officers' liability insurance, and sabotage and terrorism insurance. 
The insurance coverage of the Bank is reviewed on an on-going basis and is updated accordingly.  
                                                     
6 'Accrual for end of service benefits' is disclosed as 'Accrual for end of service indemnity' in the 2020 Annual Financial Statements.

--- Page 161 ---
147 
 
 
PROPERTY 
On 26 December 2019, the Bank announced the sale of its head office building, Burgan Tower, to United Investment 
Group for KD 19.5 million. The Bank owns the premises of one of its branches. The rest of the Bank's properties are 
typically leased for three- to five-year terms and the Bank has the option to renew these leases. Out of the leased 
properties, certain properties have been leased from the Ministry of Finance, Public Authority for Industry and 
Cooperatives. On 24 August 2020, the Bank announced the purchase of the National Bank of Kuwait (NBK) main head 
office building (Head Office 1) for KD 29.7 million. 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of the Bank 
The Board consists of eleven directors. The Bank’s articles of association provide that each director is elected at an 
ordinary general meeting of shareholders for a three-year term and is eligible for re-election upon expiration of such 
term. The Board has the power to appoint and remove the GCEO at any time provided there is a quorum of six directors. 
The Board holds at least 6 meetings annually, with at least one meeting every quarter called by the Chairman. The Board 
may also hold meetings if called by at least 3 directors. To be valid, a Board meeting must be attended by at least half the 
members of the Board and attendance may not be by proxy. In 2020, the Board held 20 meetings. 
In March 2019, the Board was elected by the Bank's shareholders for a term of three years. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the membership of the Board comprises: 
Mr. Majed Essa Al Ajeel (Chairman) 
Mr. Al Ajeel has held the position of the Chairman of the Board since 2010. He is a board member at the Kuwait 
Banking Association, the Institute of Banking Studies, FIM Bank, United Projects Co, and London Forfaiting Company 
Ltd. He was also a board member of the Bank from 1998 to 2004. He also served as the Chairman and CEO of United 
Projects Company from October 2004 to mid-April 2010, and as the Vice-Chairman and CEO from mid-April 2010 to 
July 2012. He was a board member at Kuwait & Middle East Financial Investment Company between 1984 and 1986, 
Kuwait Real Estate Investment Consortium between 1985 and 1992, and International Leasing & Investment Company 
between 1999 and 2003. He also served as a Managing Director of Kuwait Finance and Investment Company between 
2002 and 2004. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree of Science in Architecture in 1977 and a Master's Degree in 
Planning in 1978 from the Catholic University of America. 
Mr. Masoud M. J. Hayat (Vice Chairman) 
Mr. Hayat joined the Board in 2013. He was appointed the Group Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in April 2019, 
prior to which he held the position of CEO - Banking Sector – of KIPCO since 2010. He also holds the positions of 
Chairman of United Gulf Bank, United Gulf Holding Co. and Tunis International Bank. He is also Vice Chairman of 
Algeria Gulf Bank, BoB, and FIMBank, as well as a board member of North Africa Holding Co., Kamco Invest, 
Masharea AlKhair Charity Foundation, Jordan Kuwait Bank, United Gulf Financial Services and Assoufid B.V. Between 
1974 and 1996, he has held various positions at Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait, such as Deputy Chief General Manager, and 
Advisor to the board of directors. He has also served as a board member in multiple organisations, which include Banque 
Internationale Arabe de Tunisie between 1989 and 1995, Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait between 1986 and 1988 and again 
between 1991 and 1995, Industrial Investment Co. between 1993 and 2001, Gulf Insurance Company between 1997 and 
2001, United Fisheries Company between 1997 and 2001, Wataniya Communication Company, Algeria and Union of 
Investment Companies between 1997 and 2009, and The International Investor between 2005 and 2009. He was the 
Chairman of Kamco Invest between 1998 and 2010, United Gulf Financial Services Co. between 1997 and 2009, and 
Syria Gulf Bank and Vice Chairman of The Royal Capital Group, Abu Dhabi. Additionally, he was the Managing 
Director of United Gulf Bank between 1997 and 2009, and with the Bank between 2009 and 2010. He graduated with a 
Bachelor's Degree in Economics from Kuwait University in 1973, and earned a Diploma in Banking Sciences from the 
Institute of Banking Studies in 1975. He has attended various professional local and international courses, including

--- Page 162 ---
148 
 
 
Leadership & Innovation in Public & Private Sectors at Harvard University in 2004 and a three months programme in 
Management and Finance at Wharton Business School, University of Pennsylvania, USA. 
Mr. Faisal M. Al Radwan (Board Member) 
Mr. Al Radwan has been a board member of the Bank since 2010. He also holds the positions of Vice Chairman of BBT, 
and board member of AGB. Previously, he has held key positions at the National Bank of Kuwait, including Deputy 
General Manager between 1978 and 1980, General Manager between 1980 and 1983, and Deputy CEO between 1983 
and 1993. Further, he has also held key positions like Vice-Chairman of the Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait between 1991 
and 1994, and Vice-Chairman and Managing Director of the Bank between 2003 and 2004. He also served as a board 
member of the Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait between 1986 and 1994, Bank of Oman Bahrain and Kuwait between 1990 
and 1994, and the Bank between 2001 and 2003. Mr. Al Radwan graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Commerce and 
Business Administration from Cairo University in 1970. 
Mr. Samer Khanachet (Board Member) 
Mr. Khanachet has been a board member of the Bank since 2011. He also holds the positions of Group Chief Operating 
Officer of KIPCO, Chairman of United Gulf Management Inc. and board member of UGB. Previously, Mr. Khanachet 
has also held the positions of Chairman of TAKAUD Savings and Pension and board member of United Real Estate 
Company. Previously, he has held various positions like Financial Analyst, Senior Financial Analyst & Assistant 
Manager at The Industrial Bank of Kuwait between 1975 and 1980. He has also held various senior positions like 
Executive Vice President & General Manager of Sharjah Group between 1980 and 1990, General Manager of KIPCO 
between 1990 and 1995, President of United Gulf Management Inc. between 1991 and 2007 and President of Arab 
Bankers Association of North America between 2003 and 2005. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree of Science – in 
Management Science and in Chemical Engineering, from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1973, as well 
as a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Harvard University in 1975. 
Mr. Sadoun Abdulla Ali (Board Member) 
Mr. Ali has been a board member of the Bank since 2004. He also holds the positions of Vice Chairman and CEO of 
Qurain Petrochemical Company, Chairman of Insha’a Holding, Chairman of Kamco Real Estate Investment Co., 
Chairman of United Oil Project Company, and Vice Chairman of Jassim Transport Stevedoring Co. Mr. Ali is also a 
board member of BoB, United Industries Company, Advanced Technology Company and United Gulf Holding Company 
B.S.C. Previously, Mr. Ali has held the positions of board member of Bank of Kuwait and Middle East between 2003 and 
2004, Head of Accounting and Financial Group of KIPCO between 1997 and 2006, General Manager of Kamco Invest 
between 2006 and 2008, CEO of Kamco Invest between 2008 and 2010, and Managing Director and CEO of Kamco 
Invest between 2010 and 2012. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Management of Financial and Accounting 
Services from Ashland University in 1988. 
Mr. Pinak Pani Maitra (Board Member) 
Mr. Maitra has been a board member of the Bank since 2010. He also holds the positions of Group Chief Financial 
Officer of KIPCO, and board member of OSN (Panther Media Group Limited) and Pulsar Knowledge Centre. 
Previously, he has held positions of Vice President – Financial Control and Planning at United Gulf Bank in 1988, 
Assistant Vice President of Planning and Financial Control of KIPCO between 1988 and 1990, and Vice President - 
Financial Controller - at United Gulf Management Inc. between 1991 and 1996. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree 
in Commerce from Osmania University in 1979. 
Mr. Abdul Salam M. Al Bahar (Board Member) 
Mr. Al Bahar has been a board member of the Bank since 2004. He also holds the positions of board member of United 
Industries Company, United Networks Co., United Gases Company, and MENA Home and Real Estate Company. He is 
also the Financial Advisor of Overland Real Estate Company. Previously, he has held the positions of board member of 
TIB between 1997 and 1999, Bahrain Middle East Bank between 1998 and 1999, Wataniya Telecom between 1998 and

--- Page 163 ---
149 
 
 
2007, Kuwait Catering Company between 1997 and 2003, Tamdeen Group between 2003 and 2006, and Wataniya 
Airways between 2006 and 2007. He was the Chairman of Kuwait Catering Company between 1999 and 2001, Chairman 
and Managing Director of Wataniya Airways between 2007 and 2011, part of the Executive Management (Companies 
Financing) of KIPCO between 1995 and 2007, and General Manager of Overland Real Estate Company between 2012 
and 2014. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Science - Electrical Engineering, from Fairleigh Dickinson 
University in 1988. 
H.E. Abdul Kareem Kabariti (Board Member) 
H.E. Mr. Al Kabariti has been a board member of the Bank since 2004. He also holds the positions of Chairman of 
Jordan Kuwait Bank and AGB. He is also a board member of Jordan Dairy Company. Previously, he has held several 
high ranking political and legislative positions in Jordan from 1989 to 2007, including Prime Minister of Jordan, Minister 
of Foreign Affairs, Labour, Defence and Tourism, Chief of the Royal Court, Member of Parliament and Head of the 
Economics and Finance Committee. In addition, he has also been a member of the Jordanian Senate, where held the 
positions of Head of the Economics and Finance Committee and First Deputy to the Speaker, and the Chairman of United 
Financial Investments Company, until September 2017. He graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Business and Finance 
from St. Edwards University in 1973. 
Mr. Fouad Husni Douglas (Board Member) 
Mr. Douglas joined the Board in March 2019 and was elected as a board member and member of the Board Audit 
Committee in BBT in May 2019. He is also an independent audit committee member in Abu Dhabi Health Service 
Company, Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Company, and Excel Lonod. Previously, he has held the positions of Financial 
Services Leader at Deloitte & Touche (Toronto Office) between 1987 and 1992, Country Senior Partner and Risk 
Assurance, Tax and Deals Leader at Arthur Andersen (Kuwait) between 1993 and 2002, Middle East / UK board member 
at Ernst and Young between 2002 and 2008, and ME board member at PwC Middle East between 2009 and 2012. He 
was the Leadership Team Member at PwC Middle East between 2009 and 2012 and Country Senior Partner at PwC 
Middle East (Bahrain Office) between 2015 and 2016, and has held the position of Country Senior Partner of PwC 
Middle East (Kuwait Office) until 2018. He graduated with Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration and a Master's 
Degree in Business Administration from the American University of Beirut. He is also a US Certified Public Accountant 
from New York, USA and a Canadian Chartered Accountant from Toronto, Canada. 
Ms. Entisar AbdulRahim Al Suwaidi (Board Member) 
Ms. Al Suwaidi joined the Board in 2021. She is currently the Chairman of Universal Payment Services and the Vice 
Chairman of Kamco Invest. Previously, she has held several executive positions in local banks, most notably Gulf Bank, 
Commercial Bank, Bank of Kuwait and the Middle East, and Kuwait International Bank. She holds a Bachelor's degree 
in Commerce (Major in Accounting) from Kuwait University. 
Mr. Abdullah Mohammed Al Mansour (Board Member) 
Mr. Al Mansour joined the Board in 2021. He is currently the General Manager of That Al Salasil Company, Vice-
Chairman of Al-Aman Investment Company, Board Member of Al-Khaleej Insurance Company, and Managing Director 
of Al-Sawani Holding Company. Previously, he served on the Board of Cap Corp from 2008 to 2015 and the National 
Investments Company from 1990-1992. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce and Business Administration from 
Cairo University. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the members of the Board and their private 
interests or other duties. 
The business address of each member of the board is: P.O. Box 5389, Safat 12170, Kuwait City, State of Kuwait.

--- Page 164 ---
150 
 
 
In accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, the Board held an extraordinary general assembly in February 
2020, which approved the amendment of the Bank’s articles of association allowing its Board to increase from nine to 
eleven Board Members.  
The table below sets out the number and proportion of the shares of the Bank's capital owned by each member of the 
Board as of 30 June 2021, as follows: 
 
 
Direct 
Indirect through portfolio 
managers 
Outstanding 
stock options 
 
Shares 
Per cent. 
Shares 
Per cent. 
Shares 
Directors 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Majed Essa Al Ajeel  
205,926 
0.01% 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Masoud M. J. Hayat  
- 
- 
1,219,892 
0.04% 
- 
Mr. Faisal M. Al Radwan  
170,185 
0.01% 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Samer Khanachet  
170,185 
0.01% 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Sadoun Abdulla Ali  
216,222 
0.01% 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Pinak Pani Maitra  
130,525 
0.00% 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Abdul Salam M. Al Bahar  
- 
- 
269,077 
0.01% 
- 
H.E. Abdul Kareem Kabariti  
216,222 
0.01% 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Fouad Husni Douglas  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Ms. Entisar AbdulRahim Al Suwaidi 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Abdulla Mohammad Abdul-Aziz Al-
Mansour 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Key Management Compensation 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the aggregate compensation remained in line with the aggregate compensation in 
respect of the previous year; however, the portion of compensation related to performance varied with the performance of 
the Bank, see "Description of the Bank — Risk Management — Related Party Transactions" for further detail. 
Description of related party transactions 
The details of material related party transactions, including any material contract between any of the Bank's directors or 
their immediate family and the Bank or any of its subsidiaries are set out in note 20 of the 2020 Annual Financial 
Statements. The Bank's directors and their immediate family conduct business with the Bank and its subsidiaries as 
customers on commercial, arm's length terms in the normal course of business activities. This includes bank accounts, 
savings and investment products, and other such services. None of these transactions are for a material amount. 
The Executive Management of the Bank  
The table below sets forth certain information with respect to the Executive Management of the Bank. 
Name 
Position Title 
Age of 
staff 
(in yrs) 
Total 
service 
(in yrs) 
Mr. Masoud M. J. Hayat 
Vice Chairman & Group Chief Executive 
Officer 
68 
2 
Mr. Raed Abdullah Al Haqhaq 
Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Executive Officer - Kuwait 
50 
21 
Mr. Robert James Frost 
Group Chief Investment Banking and Treasury 
Officer 
56 
7 
Mr. Andrew Christopher Singh 
Group Chief Risk Officer 
55 
6 
Mr. Khalid Fahad Al Zouman 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
56 
21

--- Page 165 ---
151 
 
 
Name 
Position Title 
Age of 
staff 
(in yrs) 
Total 
service 
(in yrs) 
Mr. Venkatakrishnan Menon 
Group Chief Operations & Technology Officer 
56 
16 
Ms. Halah Mohammad El Sherbini 
Group 
Chief 
Human 
Resources 
and 
Development Officer 
47 
9 
Mr. Mahmoud Mohamed Ezzat Ahmed 
Moursi 
Group Chief Legal Counsel 
54 
2 
Mrs. Huda Fahed Al Shemmari 
Head of International Operations Office-GM 
51 
18 
Mrs. Kholoud Abdulredha Al Feeli 
Group Head of Corporate Communications  
55 
0.5 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Deniz Devrim Cengiz 
Group Chief Digital Banking Officer 
46 
0.3 
Ms. Reham Sultan 
Head of Compliance 
45 
14 
The business address of each member of the Executive Management is P.O. Box 5389, Safat 12170, State of Kuwait. 
Mr. Masoud M. J. Hayat –  Vice Chairman & Group Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Hayat was appointed as the Group Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in April 2019. In addition to his capacity as 
Vice Chairman of the Board, he has been a Board Member of Burgan since 2013. Please see "Mr. Masoud M.J. Hayat 
(Vice Chairman)" above.  
Mr. Raed Abdullah Al Haqhaq –  Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer –  Kuwait 
Mr. Al Haqhaq joined the Bank in 2000 as a key member of the Corporate Banking business. He has over 25 years of 
experience in local and international banking across various businesses including corporate, retail and investment 
banking. Mr. Al Haqhaq has held various executive and leadership roles in the Bank where he played a vital role in 
executing the strategic priorities of the Bank. In November 2018, he was appointed as Chief Executive Officer- Kuwait 
to shape the future direction of the Kuwait business and is responsible for the financial and operating performance of the 
Kuwait business. In recognition of his leadership and execution capabilities, he was given the additional responsibility of 
Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer in November 2019. As Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Executive Officer- Kuwait, he has dual responsibilities of formulating strategy and executing growth plans for the 
Kuwait business and in supporting the GCEO on the execution of Group’s strategic initiatives. He is also the Chairman 
of Burgan Bank Financial Services Ltd., a fully owned subsidiary of the Bank in the Dubai International Financial Center 
(DIFC). He began his career at the Kuwait Investment Authority (KIA) and then joined the International Investment 
Group, where his last role was Assistant Vice President. Mr. Al Haqhaq holds a Bachelor’s Degree of Science in 
Strategic Management from California State University, Sacramento, USA and has attended management programs at 
Harvard Business School and INSEAD. 
Mr. Robert James Frost - Group Chief Investment Banking and Treasury Officer 
Mr. Frost joined the Bank as Group Chief Investment Banking and Treasury Officer in 2014. He is primarily responsible 
for developing the Group's Investment Banking and Treasury function. He has over 25 years of experience in global 
financial markets. Before joining the Bank, he held the position of Executive Director and Global Head of Capital 
Management at Macquarie Bank Ltd., Australia. He managed the treasury requirements of Macquarie Securities Group 
for more than 20 financial markets across globe and was responsible for building its Capital Management Division. Mr. 
Frost holds a Bachelor's Degree of Economics and a Bachelor's Degree in Science (Mathematics) from the University of 
Queensland, Australia.

--- Page 166 ---
152 
 
 
Mr. Andrew Christopher Singh –  Group Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Singh joined the Bank in 2015 and has over 32 years of experience in risk management in both developed and 
emerging markets. Prior to joining the Bank, he has held various positions, including Group Chief Risk Officer at EFG 
Hermes Holding for Middle East and North Africa, Regional Head of Risk for Americas at Depfa Bank Plc, Regional 
Head of Risk for Europe at Credit Suisse and various risk and control related roles at JPMorgan Asia Pacific and UK. He 
is responsible for establishing the Group’s risk strategies and the enhancement of the Bank’s risk management 
framework as well as implementation of risk policies and risk governance across the Bank and its subsidiaries. He has in 
depth knowledge of market, credit, operational risk and regulatory compliance. He holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science 
in Chemistry from Imperial College, London, and is an Associate of the Royal College of Science (A.R.C.S). 
Mr. Khalid Fahad Al Zouman - Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Al Zouman joined the Bank in 2000 as the Head of Risk Management, before moving into the role of Chief Financial 
Officer in 2003. He is responsible for strategically planning finance activities in alignment with the Bank’s overall 
strategy, and ensuring the development and implementation of financial guidelines, controls and reporting procedures. He 
has over 32 years of experience in financial management, working in Kuwait and the international markets. Prior to 
joining the Bank, he held senior financial management roles with Ernst & Young in Kuwait and in the United States. He 
is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) from the State of New Hampshire, USA, and also holds a Bachelor’s degree in 
Computer Science from Kuwait University. 
Mr. Venkatakrishnan Menon - Group Chief Operations and Technology Officer 
Mr. Menon joined the Bank in 2005. Mr. Menon has over 35 years of experience in banking. He is responsible for 
providing strategic direction from an operations and technology perspective, and planning, organising and managing 
operations and technology accordingly, and in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. He is also 
responsible for formulating a Bank-wide digital strategy, and leading the execution of respective initiatives with the goal 
of delivering innovative products and services that aim to achieve business targets and improve customer experience. 
Prior to his current role, he has led the Retail Banking and Operations functions as Chief Retail Banking Officer and 
Chief Operations Officer, respectively. Before joining the Bank, he held senior management roles in organisations such 
as Qatar National Bank, BNP Paribas, Standard Chartered Bank and HDFC Bank. He holds a Master’s Degree in 
Business Management and a Bachelor of Science from the University of Mumbai, India. 
Ms. Halah Mohammad El Sherbini - Group Chief Human Resources and Development Officer 
Ms. El Sherbini joined the Bank in 2011. With over 25 years of experience, she is responsible for effectively leading the 
Group Human Resources & Development towards building a high-performance culture. She is responsible for designing 
compensation and benefits, talent acquisition, organisational development, performance management, succession 
planning and internal communications, to ensure that employees are the Bank’s competitive edge. Prior to joining the 
Bank, she was the Head of Human Resources at Ahli United Bank and Citibank Kuwait. She also held various leadership 
positions at Gulf Bank and National Bank of Kuwait. Ms. El Sherbini is a graduate of Alexandria University, Egypt and 
holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English Literature. She also holds a GMP Certificate from Harvard Business School as well 
as a Professional in Human Resources (PHR) Certificate from Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM). She 
is a Certified Professional Trainer from the Arab Bankers Association and a Certified Assessor from SHL. 
Mr. Mahmoud Mohamed Ezzat Ahmed Moursi - Group Chief Legal Counsel 
Mr. Moursi was appointed as the Group Chief Legal Counsel in October 2018, and reports to the Group Chief Executive 
Officer. He is responsible for managing the Bank's Legal Department, as well as directing the Group's legal activities to 
ensure that its legal rights and interests are well protected. Prior to joining the Bank, he served as the Executive Director 
of Legal and Market Supervision at Boursa Kuwait, and later as the Head of the CMA Commissioners' Counsel – a 
Senior Counsel in the counsel's bureau, related to the Board of Commissioners. Before this, he worked with the Bank for 
15 years. He has more than 23 years of experience within the legal field, and has contributed to the creation of new laws 
within the State of Kuwait. He holds a Bachelor's Degree of Law from Cairo University, School of Law.

--- Page 167 ---
153 
 
 
Mrs. Huda Fahed Al Shemmari - Head of International Operations Office - GM 
Mrs. Al Shemmari joined the Bank in August 2003. She has over 27 years of combined experience and more than 22 
years of experience in the banking sector. She is experienced in the fields of retail banking, corporate banking, 
international and correspondent banking, treasury and investments, strategic operations, quality assurance, corporate 
governance and project management. She has worked closely with sovereign, quasi-sovereign, banking and non-banking 
financial institutions. Mrs. Al Shemmari oversees the Business Continuity Program, Organization & Methods, Project 
Management Office, GICO and the alignment of strategic policies. She currently oversees the monitoring of the Group’s 
subsidiaries and affiliates. She holds a BSc in General Studies from Southeastern University (London Campus) as well as 
an MBA in Financial Management. She is also certified from both local and international institutes including the Institute 
of Banking Studies-CCM, ACI-Dealing Certificate, Business Continuity Institute-MBCI. 
Mrs. Kholoud Abdulredha Al Feeli – Group Head of Corporate Communications 
Mrs. Al Feeli joined the Bank in 2021 as Group Head Corporate Communications Officer. She has over 25 years of 
experience in communications, stakeholder engagement, strategic planning, corporate social responsibility (CSR) and 
project management, both in government and private entities. She brings global expertise in several fields along with 
strong cultural capabilities, corporate understanding, core technical competencies and sustainability-based leadership 
approach. She is responsible for developing and driving the Group Corporate Communications function, with a focus on 
the Bank’s branding and market positioning. She will lead Public Relations, Advertising & Branding through regular 
communication with stakeholders, thereby ensuring the development and implementation of the Bank’s corporate 
branding and positioning strategy. She has previously worked at EQUATE Petrochemical, Zain International Group, 
Wataniya Telecoms, Trukapital Investment – a subsidiary of Kuwait Finance House and Kuwait News Agency. Most 
recently at EQUATE Petrochemical, she held numerous positions, including Manager of Corporate Communications, 
Head of Marketing and Public relations and Corporate Communications Leader. She is a board member of the 
International Public Relations Association IPRA representing West Asia, and a board member of the Arab CSR Society 
based in Bahrain. She holds Bachelor of Arts in Political Science with a minor in English Literature from Kuwait 
University. 
Mr. Deniz Devrim Cengiz - Group Chief Digital Banking Officer 
Mr. Cengiz joined Burgan Bank in 2021 as Group Chief Digital Banking Officer. He has over 20 years of experience in 
leading digital banking teams at organisations across the MENAT and EU regions. He has extensive experience in 
founding and managing a number of digital teams where he has designed, led and executed a number of major digital 
banking launches and initiatives including the establishment of multiple digital factories and innovation labs. Previously, 
he was the Group Chief Digital Officer for NBK where he launched NBK’s Digital Office and established one of the 
largest incubation hubs for the group. Prior to NBK, he worked for TEB Bank – BNP Paribas in Turkey where he led the 
digital banking strategy and managed all digital marketing and channel development across the retail and corporate 
banking functions. He has also been an independent board member for a number of startups and financial institutions. He 
holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science in Civil Engineering from Bogazizi University in Istanbul. He is a member of 
INSEAD’s Executive Leadership Program in France and is a regular speaker at various digital forums and a winner of 
multiple innovation awards.  
Ms. Reham Sultan - Head of Compliance 
Ms. Sultan joined the Bank in 2007 and is a seasoned professional in the Kuwaiti Banking sector, with over 22 years of 
experience in risk management, anti-money laundering and compliance. Prior to her current role, she specialised in risk, 
regulatory compliance, anti-money laundering as well as sanctions risks. She holds a Bachelor’s degree of Science in 
Industrial Engineering from Kuwait University.  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the members of the Bank's executive 
management and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 168 ---
154 
 
 
 
Corporate Governance Structure 
The diagram below summarises the Bank's corporate governance structure. 
 
The Bank is committed to upholding the highest international standards of corporate governance, balancing innovation, 
control and transparency through all its dealings, and maintaining value for all of the Bank's stakeholders. 
The Board has resolved that good faith, integrity, compliance, quality and respect must guide the conduct of staff at all 
times, when engaged in the Bank's business. These principles apply equally in dealings with clients, counterparties, 
regulatory authorities, business colleagues and towards the Bank itself. 
In order to apply these principles in a consistent manner, the Board has approved a formal Code of Business Conduct, 
which all employees are given upon commencement of work with the Bank, including requiring them to enter into a 
confidentiality undertaking. 
In addition to the Code of Business Conduct, the corporate governance framework for the Bank comprises extensive 
operational policies and procedures, internal and external audit and compliance procedures, effective communications, 
transparent disclosure, accountability and measurement to assist the Board in shaping and monitoring corporate 
governance and practices as well as to evaluate the Bank's compliance with existing policies. 
At least three out of the eleven members of the Board participate in all Board committees. 
Key Board Committees 
The following summarises the objectives and duties of the principal Board committees. In some cases, the detailed 
implementation of a committee function is delegated to a subcommittee on an ad hoc or ongoing basis. 
Board Risk Committee (BRC) 
The BRC is mainly responsible for reviewing and providing reports to the Board on the current and future risk strategy 
and tolerance of the Bank, supervising the implementation of this strategy by the Executive Management and ensuring

--- Page 169 ---
155 
 
 
the existence of effective systems for risk management in the Bank and the independence of the Risk Management 
function. BRC Responsibilities include:  
• 
providing consultation to the Board on the Bank's risk strategy and tolerance, along with supervising Executive 
Management's implementation of this strategy; 
• 
ensuring the existence of effective systems for risk management and the independence of these functions while 
enhancing the risk awareness of the different business units within the Bank.; 
• 
ensuring that the material risks and cases which might affect the Bank as a whole and its subsidiary companies 
are known; 
• 
reviewing the results of the stress testing exercises and providing recommendations on corrective actions to the 
Board based on the outcome of stress testing;  
• 
appointing the Group Chief Risk Officer, based on approval of the Board, ensuring the candidate has suitable 
qualifications and experiences; and 
• 
cultivating a risk culture to support business objectives, risk management objectives, and internal control 
systems, and ensure that management applies sufficient and effective measures to enhance the risk awareness 
within the different business units of the Bank. 
The BRC consists of four members. 
Board Nomination & Remuneration Committee (BNRC)  
The BNRC is mainly responsible for the following:  
• 
Board Member nominations; 
• 
verifying the independence of independent board members; 
• 
reviewing the Board's structure on an annual basis; 
• 
undertaking performance evaluations of the Board and its individual Members on an annual basis; 
• 
developing a Bank-wide reward policy in line with applicable laws and regulations; 
• 
ensuring that Board Members regularly develop their skills and experiences through necessary training; 
• 
periodically evaluating the Group’s organisation structure to ensure it remains suitable for cases of growth, 
increased complexity and geographic expansion; 
• 
appointment of individuals to key Executive Management posts and ensuring that the posts are occupied by 
qualified staff; and 
• 
setting performance standards and succession plans for Executive Management. 
The BNRC consists of five members. 
Board Corporate Governance Committee (BCGC) 
The BCGC is mainly responsible for assisting the Board in setting the Bank's corporate governance manual and corporate 
governance policies, following up on its execution and performing periodic reviews to ensure their effectiveness. BCGC 
responsibilities include:

--- Page 170 ---
156 
 
 
• 
ensuring that the Bank's organisation structure includes important forms of supervision from the Board and 
Executive Management; 
• 
ensuring the Bank's compliance with regulatory requirements and following up and monitoring the governance 
framework; 
• 
reviewing and recommending the implementation of structures and procedures to facilitate the Board's 
independence from management and to avoid conflicts of interest; 
• 
ensuring that the Bank's related parties policy is approved and implemented; 
• 
periodically reviewing and monitoring compliance with the Bank's whistleblowing policy; and 
• 
ensuring that there is adequate protection of the shareholders' and stakeholders' rights. 
The BCGC consists of four members.  
Board Audit Committee (BAC)  
BAC is mainly responsible for setting and overseeing the sufficiency of internal controls and the audit functions of the 
Bank, along with ensuring compliance with applicable laws, regulations, policies and codes of business conduct and 
ethics. BAC responsibilities include:  
• 
complete oversight of internal audit and external audit activities; 
• 
reviewing and supervising the sufficiency of GICO's activities throughout the Bank;  
• 
reviewing and overseeing the integrity of the Bank`s periodic financial statements and reports before presenting 
the same to the Board; 
• 
overseeing the Bank's adherence to applicable laws, instructions, policies and codes of business conduct and 
ethics; and 
• 
ensuring compliance with disclosure rules as well as other financial reporting and legal requirements. 
The BAC consists of four members and one non-voting advisor to the committee. 
The Board Strategic & Digital Committee (BSDC)  
BSDC is responsible for:  
• 
directing Executive Management to define a strategy to achieve the approved goals of the Bank. BSDC will 
ratify the strategy developed and its associated work plans, and undertake corrective procedures as required; 
• 
providing strategic direction and monitoring the execution of the Bank`s strategic plans;  
• 
providing strategic direction of the digital delivery of the Bank’s products and services;  
• 
taking a leadership role in ensuring that the Bank`s Digital Banking policies and standards are reflective of the 
best practices available in the market.  
• 
reviewing the general methods, guidelines and policies by which the Bank monitors and controls digital banking 
risk; and  
• 
receiving and reviewing the regular reporting on the customer experience using the Bank’s digital eco-system.

--- Page 171 ---
157 
 
 
The BSDC consists of four members and one non-voting advisor to the committee. 
The Board Credit and Investment Committee (BCIC)  
BCIC is mainly responsible for overseeing the Bank's lending, credit recovery and investment activities, making 
recommendations to the Board within its delegated authorities, and implementing decisions made by the Board. BCIC 
responsibilities include:  
• 
reviewing credit proposals, monitoring their compliance with applicable rules and regulations, making 
recommendations within its delegated authorities and implementing the Board's decisions outside its authority; 
• 
overseeing the Bank's credit recovery activities; 
• 
reviewing and monitoring the exercise of delegations and ensuring compliance with the approved authorisation 
matrix under the Bank's credit policy;  
• 
overseeing the rules and regulations governing related parties including the rules of granting credit to Board 
Members and related parties; 
• 
reviewing the Bank's investment policies covering its investment parameters and associated approval processes 
as per its investment policy authorisation delegation matrix; and 
• 
supervising and ensuring the implementation of investment activities in line with the approved investment 
policies. 
The BCIC consists of four members.  
Key Management Committees 
The following summarises the objectives and duties of the principal management committees.  
Management Executive Committee 
This committee is responsible for: 
• 
dealing with all significant management-level issues across all departments that cannot or would not be handled 
more appropriately by other management committees; and 
• 
monitoring and supervising the activities of the Bank’s other management committees. This shall include reviewing 
the meeting minutes and reports of management committees in a timely manner and providing guidance or taking 
corrective action when deemed necessary. 
The committee comprises 13 members and a Chairman, who is the Group Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. 
Management Operational Risk & Internal Control Committee (MORICC) 
MORICC is mainly responsible for ensuring that the Bank maintains an effective internal control environment. The key 
duties of this committee are: 
• 
ensuring the effective implementation of the Bank's policies and procedures to maintain a robust internal control 
environment; 
• 
reviewing reports relating to the following key aspects of the Bank's internal control environment and 
recommending mitigation plans or corrective actions:

--- Page 172 ---
158 
 
 
− 
key risk or control issues identified as part of self-assessments or by internal and external assurance 
providers; 
− 
breaches of key risk indicators (KRI); 
− 
operational losses and key incidents; 
− 
implementation status of action plans or projects aimed at mitigating key risks, control issues or 
observations made by internal and external assurance providers; and 
− 
any other operational risks or internal control issues not covered by KRI reporting. 
• 
issuing instructions and recommendations on controls based on changing market environment, regulations, new 
developments, etc. and ensuring that recommended actions are implemented effectively; 
• 
disseminating important information to a wider audience about "key lessons learned" and generic issues 
encountered so as to help prevent losses from occurring again in other areas; 
• 
discussing any risks in meeting legal or regulatory requirements and deadlines; 
• 
reviewing and authorising requests to formally reschedule the closure of any open observations; 
• 
recommending the allocation of penalties to business groups, if any; 
• 
reviewing and approving residual risk acceptance proposals from concerned areas as applicable; and 
• 
providing clearance to policies, frameworks or documents related to operational risk and internal control. 
The committee comprises six members, a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Group Chief Operations & Technology 
Officer. 
Management Product and Pricing Committee (MPPC) 
The purpose of the MPPC is to review and approve new product and service proposals, changes to existing products and 
services, as well as changes to the pricing of existing products and services (i.e. fees commissions, charges and interest 
rates). In addition, MPPC assesses and manages the performance of products and services throughout their lifecycles, and 
monitors and addresses any risks inherent in products or services that may impact customer experience. 
The key duties of this committee are: 
• 
reviewing and approving all proposals, for all new products (including co-branded products), services and 
segments, material modifications to existing products (including co-branded products), services and segments, 
including pricing changes (e.g. interest rates) and customer eligibility criteria; 
• 
reviewing decisions to discontinue any existing products being offered by the Bank; 
• 
maintaining an inventory of all new products and services awaiting approval/implementation, tracking their 
status and raising any key issues for resolution; and 
• 
ensuring that approvals and decisions are fully aligned with Board-approved policies, particularly those 
concerning credit limits and lending criteria.  
The committee comprises eight members, a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer 
and Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait.

--- Page 173 ---
159 
 
 
Provision Assessment Committee (PAC) 
The purpose of PAC is to monitor the credit provisioning process and ensure that the Bank has a satisfactory provisioning 
system in place. The key duties of this committee are: 
• 
ensuring appropriate monitoring of the provisioning requirement for the credit lending portfolio in-line with 
related regulations issued by the CBK and other applicable regulatory bodies; 
• 
ensuring that provisions and ECL are made for both cash and non-cash credit portfolios, in line with CBK 
instructions in accordance to IFRS 9, and in consideration of the following factors: 
− 
existence of internal credit classification system; 
− 
specified business models; 
− 
completeness of scope of implementation;  
− 
internal credit classification in compliance with IFRS 9 guidelines and approving classification, stage 
movements/changes and reclassifications; 
− 
deterioration of the client’s financial position; 
− 
the client’s account becoming dormant; 
− 
the client is placed under liquidation; 
− 
the client being declared bankrupt; 
− 
the client's debt being rescheduled; 
− 
processing legal measures and actions against the client by any other creditor concerned with such 
instructions, claiming repayment of debts; and / or 
− 
availability of clear evidence that the client is incapable of repaying his / her debts on maturity date. 
• 
ensuring that ECL is measured at the higher of the ECL on credit facilities computed under IFRS 9 in 
accordance to the CBK guidelines or the provisions as required by the CBK Instructions;  
• 
reviewing the IFRS 9 provision statements compared to the provisions as required by the CBK’s Instructions; 
• 
discussing concerns regarding the credit standing of clients with all business units and identifying a list of 
clients that may default, triggering a provisioning need; 
• 
discussing updates regarding client loan restructurings, credit collections, legal actions, and note corresponding 
action plans; 
• 
reviewing the forecast of potential provisions for the quarter and identifying clients that may become tagged as 
"clean", "on watch list", "rescheduled" and / or "shift to legal"; and 
• 
reviewing amounts to be written off with justifications, prior to presenting recommendations to the Board or a 
Board authorised sub-committee for final approval. 
The committee comprises 11 members (including one by invitation), a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Group Chief 
Executive Officer of the Bank.

--- Page 174 ---
160 
 
 
Procurement Committee (PC) 
The key duties of this committee are: 
• 
approving vendor proposals (above KD 20,000 up to KD 500,000, total cumulative cost) as per the Bank's 
defined authority limits; 
− 
proposals above KD 500,000 and up to KD 1 million will be reviewed and submitted to Deputy GCEO 
& CEO - Kuwait for approval. 
− 
expenses above KD 1 million and up to 1.5 million will be reviewed by Deputy GCEO & CEO - 
Kuwait, Committee and submitted to Vice Chairman & GCEO for approval. 
− 
expenses above KD 1.5m will be reviewed by Deputy GCEO & CEO - Kuwait, Committee and 
VC&GCEO / Deputy GCEO & CEO - Kuwait and submitted to Board Strategic & Digital Committee 
for approval. 
• 
defining and reviewing the Bank's Group-wide purchasing strategy; 
• 
oversight of the request for proposal (RFP) process of the Bank and ensure that it is followed appropriately 
when reviewing proposals brought to the PC; 
• 
reviewing, as and when necessary, procurement strategies and policies; 
• 
developing vendor selection and evaluation procedures; 
• 
reviewing and approving the Bank's list of accepted / preferred vendors; 
• 
reviewing and approving pre-qualification criteria for vendors; 
• 
clarifying issues with pricing and technical packages of tenders; 
• 
managing contractual related completions, disputes, bonds and payments; 
• 
reviewing requests for time extensions by vendors; approve or decline as applicable;  
• 
approving waivers to standard terms of contract for PC-awarded contracts; and 
• 
approving the suspension or termination of PC-awarded contracts.  
The committee comprises three members (including one by invitation), a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Group 
Chief Operations & Technology Officer of the Bank. 
Management Audit Committee (MAC) 
The key duties of this committee are: 
• 
coordinating and facilitating communication between the Internal Audit Department and other departments of 
the Bank; 
• 
reviewing internal audit reports and recommendations, and the responses thereto of Executive Management, 
before submitting the same to the BAC; 
− 
where relevant, and in cases where it is not feasible to convene a MAC meeting, the MAC Chairman 
may designate any MAC Member(s) to review auditors' reports and recommendations and assess

--- Page 175 ---
161 
 
 
Executive Management's responses, mitigation plans and / or allocation of responsibilities prior to final 
submission to BAC.  
• 
identifying and discussing any differing views on the factual accuracy of, and risk ratings assigned to, audit 
observations and ensuring the resolution of the same; 
• 
agreeing with Executive Management and the audited departments on the action plans for implementing the 
agreed corrective actions; 
• 
assigning management responsibility and timeframes for implementing the agreed corrective actions and 
overseeing their implementation; and 
• 
calling special MAC meetings to discuss issues and recommendations that may emerge out of a special enquiry 
undertaken by Internal Audit on the advice of the BAC. 
The Group Chief Internal Auditor must submit to MAC, at least five working days prior to each MAC meeting, a list of 
all previously identified observations and respective corrective actions. This list is reviewed at the subsequent MAC 
meeting in order to expedite appropriate actions. 
The committee comprises five members, a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Group Chief Operations and 
Technology Officer of the Bank. 
Management Information Security Risk Management Committee (MISRMC) 
The key duties of this committee are: 
• 
reviewing and providing high-level guidance on the Bank's cyber security and other IT risks, controls and 
procedures, including performing a high-level review of the threat landscape facing the Bank and the Bank's 
strategy to mitigate cyber security risks and potential breaches; 
• 
ensuring the integrity of the Bank's IT systems and operational controls in adherence with all applicable rules 
and regulations; 
• 
coordinating and directing the Bank's information security framework, including information security controls 
within the Bank; 
• 
periodically reviewing the Bank's Information Security Policy and relevant processes and procedures to ensure 
their efficiency / effectiveness, recommending improvements as necessary; 
• 
reviewing the Bank's cyber security insurance policies to ensure appropriate coverage and that all insurance 
terms and conditions are being met; and 
• 
reviewing any IT Risk Assessment reports and accepting appropriate risk mitigation plans. 
The committee comprises two members, a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Group Chief Operations and 
Technology Officer of the Bank. 
Asset and Liability Committee 
This committee looks into all aspects of the Bank's asset and liability management. This includes the pricing of customer 
assets and liabilities, gaps and mismatches in interest rates and maturities, liquidity positions, market movements and 
forecasts of interest and exchange rate durations of assets and liabilities. The committee meets monthly and meeting 
minutes are reported to the Board.

--- Page 176 ---
162 
 
 
The committee comprises 12 members (including three permanent guests), a Secretary and a Chairman, who is the Group 
Chief Executive Officer of the Bank. 
Suspicious Transaction Reporting Committee (STRC) 
This committee is responsible for reviewing suspicious transaction cases reported to it and taking a final decision on 
whether the case has to be reported to the Kuwait Financial Intelligence Unit (KFIU).  
The committee comprises four members, a secretary and a chairman, who is the Group Head of Anti Financial Crime.  
Management Digital Committee (MDC)  
This committee is responsible for defining the Bank’s strategic direction of the digital delivery of the Bank’s products 
and services. The responsibilities of this committee include:  
• 
reviewing the Bank’s digital strategy, goals, programs, annual and long-term plans in alignment with the Bank’s 
overall strategy; 
• 
identify and monitor key risks arising from technology and digital areas, and recommend mitigation if 
necessary. Refer any items to the BSDC where appropriate;  
• 
regular reporting, by reference to the internal and external benchmarks, on the quality, stability and reliability of 
the Bank’s digital eco-system to BSDC; and 
• 
receive, review and submit regular reporting on customer experience using the Bank’s digital eco-system to 
BSDC.  
The committee comprises six members and a secretary, and is chaired by the Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer & 
Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait. 
LITIGATION STATEMENT ABOUT DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
Within the period of five years preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the Directors or members of Executive 
Management: 
• 
has any convictions in relation to fraudulent offences; 
• 
has been a director or senior manager of any company at the time of any bankruptcy, receivership or liquidation 
of such company; or 
• 
has received any official public incrimination and/or sanction by any statutory or regulatory authorities 
(including designated professional bodies) or has been disqualified by a court from acting as a director of a 
company or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of a company.

--- Page 177 ---
163 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT 
Unless indicated otherwise, information in this section has been derived from Government publications. 
Overview 
Kuwait is located in the north-east of the Arabian Peninsula in Western Asia. It is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south 
at Khafji and Iraq to the north at Basra. To the east, Kuwait has approximately 499 kilometres of coastline on the Arabian 
Gulf. 
Kuwait covers an area of approximately 17,818 square kilometres, which is divided into six Governorates (Al-Ahmadi, 
Al-'Asimah (the capital), Al-Farwaniyah, Al-Jahra', Hawalli and Mubarak Al-Kabir). Each Governorate is headed by a 
governor, a representative of the Emir, who is supported by a council. Governors are usually members of the ruling 
family or close allies. Membership of the Governorate councils is by appointment. Each Governorate is divided into 
districts or areas and each district is headed by a mayor or chief (Mukhtar) who reports to the Ministry of Interior. The 
capital and administrative centre of Kuwait is Kuwait City, where the Government and most of the other state institutions 
are located. The official language in Kuwait is Arabic, but the use of English is widespread, especially in business 
transactions. 
Kuwait's economy benefits from some of the largest oil reserves in the world as well as very low relative oil production 
costs. According to OPEC's 2020 Annual Statistical Bulletin (the OPEC 2020 Bulletin), Kuwait has the fifth largest oil 
reserves in the world estimated at around 101,500 million barrels (accounting for 6.5 per cent. of the world's total oil 
reserves). According to the OPEC 2020 Bulletin, Kuwait was the world's eighth largest oil producer and eighth largest oil 
exporter for the year ended 31 December 2019, accounting for 3.6 per cent. of the world's total oil production and 
4.4 per cent. of the world's total oil exports for the year ended 31 December 2019. According to the same source, 
Kuwait's production levels were 2.7 million barrels per day on average for the year ended 31 December 2019. As a 
founding member of OPEC, Kuwait's oil production is subject to any OPEC agreements that are reached to limit oil 
production.  
Population 
The latest official Kuwait census for which data has been published was conducted in April 2011. Accordingly, all 
population figures for subsequent years are estimates based on historic data. 
The most recent estimate of the population in Kuwait was published by the Public Authority for Civil Information as at 
1 January 2020. The population was estimated to be approximately 4.5 million, of which approximately 1.4 million were 
Kuwaiti nationals (30.6 per cent.) and approximately 3.1 million were non-Kuwaiti nationals (69.4 per cent.).  
Economic Overview 
Since oil was discovered in Kuwait in 1937, Kuwait's economy has grown significantly, principally due to the revenues 
generated from the export of crude oil and related products. Kuwait's major industries include petroleum, petrochemicals, 
cement, shipbuilding and repair, water desalination, food processing and construction. 
The GDP in Kuwait was U.S.$107.9 billion in 2020, according to official data from the IMF. Kuwait's GDP represents 
0.1 per cent. of the world economy. According to the figures prepared by Kuwait's Central Statistical Bureau (CSB), 
Kuwait's real GDP contracted 8.9 per cent. in 2020 year on year. Kuwait’s GDP per capita was estimated at U.S.$ 
22,105.1 in 2020. 
As per the CSB, the contribution of the oil sector to Kuwait's nominal GDP declined to KD 11.2 billion or 34.5 per cent. 
of nominal GDP in 2020 compared to KD 18.9 billion or 45.7 per cent. of nominal GDP in 2019. The contribution of the 
non-oil sector to Kuwait's nominal GDP was KD 21.3 billion, or 65.5 per cent. of total nominal GDP in 2020 compared 
to KD 22.4 billion or 54.3 per cent. of nominal GDP 2019.

--- Page 178 ---
164 
 
 
According to data from Kuwait's Ministry of Finance, oil revenues are expected to comprise 75.0 per cent. of total 
government revenues in the fiscal year 2021. Kuwait's economy has generally benefitted from healthy fiscal and current 
account surpluses, although lower oil prices since mid-2014 led to a net budget deficit (after transfers to the Future 
Generations Fund (FGF)) for the fiscal years ending on 31 March 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019. The monthly 
average OPEC reference basket price per barrel in June 2014 was U.S.$107.90, which dropped to a U.S.$73.45 in July 
2021. The price per barrel of Kuwait Export Crude Oil (which is produced by Kuwait and constitutes part of the OPEC 
reference basket) has also moved in line with these trends. 
While the oil industry has historically dominated and continues to be the largest part of Kuwait's economy (with oil and 
oil products accounting for 34.5 per cent. of real GDP for the year ended 31 December 2020 – according to provisional 
figures from the CSB), for the past several years, Kuwait has been concentrating on the diversification of its economy by 
encouraging private sector participation and promoting foreign investment in non-oil sectors as articulated in the "New 
Kuwait 2035" plan. These efforts have gained special importance in light of the current low oil price environment. Based 
on the provisional figures from the CSB, the non-oil sector contributed 65.5 per cent. to Kuwait’s real GDP for the year 
ended on 31 December 2020.  
Kuwait's public finances benefit from one of the world's largest sovereign wealth funds. According to the Sovereign 
Wealth Fund Institute, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the KIA was ranked as the world's third largest sovereign 
wealth fund with more than U.S.$696 billion in assets. The KIA is prohibited by law from publicly discussing the exact 
size of its holdings. The KIA is responsible for the management of Kuwait's General Reserve Fund (GRF) and its FGF, 
as well as other funds entrusted to it by the Minister of Finance for and on behalf of Kuwait. On an annual basis, by law, 
a minimum of 10 per cent. of all Government revenues are transferred to the FGF. The GRF is available to fund budget 
deficits in Kuwait. Kuwait has never drawn down funds from the FGF since its inception in 1976.  
Inflation 
The following table sets forth the consumer price index and annual inflation rate in Kuwait for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 
 
Average for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Consumer Price Index (base year 2013=100) .............. 
116.6 
114.2 
113.0 
Inflation (percentage change, year on year) ................. 
2.1 
1.1 
0.6 
____________ 
Source: Central Statistical Bureau Kuwait 
Government, Political and Legal System 
Kuwait is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government. Under the Constitution of Kuwait (the 
Constitution), which entered into force in 1963, the head of the State is the Emir, who is chosen from among the 
members of the ruling Al-Sabah family and confirmed by the National Assembly. The current Emir is His Highness 
Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, who acceded to the throne in September 2020. The Emir has, among other 
powers, the power to appoint the Prime Minister, dissolve the National Assembly, suspend certain parts of the 
Constitution and refer bills to the National Assembly for consideration. The Emir has the right to propose legislation as 
well as the right to promulgate and sanction laws. The Emir's half-brother, His Highness Sheikh Mishal Al-Ahmed 
Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, is the current Crown Prince. Historically, the Emir has been selected by family consensus although 
the Emir Succession Law provides for National Assembly input under certain circumstances. 
Kuwait was the first member of the GCC to establish a directly elected National Assembly in 1963. The National 
Assembly comprises 50 directly elected members who serve four-year terms as well as up to 15 appointed ministers who 
are ex officio members. The National Assembly serves as the unicameral legislature of Kuwait and has the power to 
question and dismiss ministers through a vote of no-confidence, including the Prime Minister, and to propose, enact or

--- Page 179 ---
165 
 
 
block enactment of legislation introduced by the Government. A new National Assembly was elected on 5 December 
2020. 
The Council of Ministers forms the executive level of Government and advises and assists the Prime Minister, who is 
appointed by the Emir. The current Prime Minister is His Highness Sheikh Sabah Al-Khalid Al-Sabah who was 
appointed in 2019. The Council of Ministers is composed of a maximum of 16 members and at least one cabinet member 
must be drawn from the National Assembly. The membership of the cabinet is formalised by an Emiri Decree. 
Kuwait's legal system is primarily modelled on the French civil law system, Egyptian civil code and elements of Islamic 
Shariah law. Although Kuwait is a democratic nation where sovereignty rests with the people, its system is based on the 
principles of justice, liberty and equality and governed by a Constitution of delegated powers to the legislative, executive 
and judicial authorities. In descending order of importance, the Constitution is followed by laws and their implementing 
instruments such as regulations and ministerial resolutions. 
Development Strategy of Kuwait 
In 2010, the Government announced its new overall strategy for Kuwait's future development through the year 2035 
known as "Kuwait Vision 2035" which is based on three main themes: 
• 
recovering the pioneering regional role of Kuwait and transforming it into a financial and trade centre, attractive 
to investors, where the private sector plays the lead role in economic activity; 
• 
competition and promoting efficiency, with supportive national governmental institutions providing the 
adequate infrastructure, appropriate legislative framework and an inspiring business environment; 
• 
providing a climate for balanced human development, safeguarding social values and national identity and 
preserving the community's values; and 
• 
strengthening the democratic system, respect for the Constitution, and the promotion of justice, political 
participation and freedom. 
The New Kuwait Plan 
On 30 January 2017, the Government updated its long-term development strategy under the slogan "New Kuwait 2035". 
The New Kuwait Plan is based on the following seven thematic pillars and objectives: 
• 
Public Administration: Reform administrative and bureaucratic practices to reinforce transparency, 
accountability, and efficiency in the Government. 
• 
Economy: Develop a prosperous and diversified economy to reduce Kuwait's dependency on oil revenues. 
• 
Infrastructure: Develop and modernise the national infrastructure to improve the quality of life for Kuwait's 
citizens. 
• 
Living Environment: Ensure the availability of accommodation through environmentally sound resources and 
tactics. 
• 
Healthcare: Improve service quality and develop national capabilities in the public healthcare system. 
• 
Human Capital: Reform the education system to better prepare Kuwait's youth to become competitive, 
productive and competent members of the workforce. 
• 
Global Position: Enhance Kuwait's regional and global presence in spheres such as diplomacy, trade, culture 
and philanthropy.

--- Page 180 ---
166 
 
 
Foreign Relations and International Organisations 
Kuwait, together with Bahrain, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE, form the GCC. Kuwait is also a member of 
OPEC and the United Nations (UN). It is also a member of numerous international and multilateral organisations, 
including the IMF, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the WTO, the League of Arab 
States, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, and the UN 
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO).

--- Page 181 ---
167 
 
 
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN KUWAIT 
Central Bank of Kuwait 
Kuwait's monetary, banking and financial system is regulated and supervised by the CBK, which was formed by Law 
No. 32 of 1968 (as amended) (the CBK Law). The CBK commenced operations on 1 April 1969. According to 
Article 15 of the CBK Law, its objectives are to: 
• 
issue currency on behalf of Kuwait; 
• 
secure the stability of the KD and its free convertibility into other currencies; 
• 
direct credit policy in order to contribute to Kuwait's social and economic progress and the growth of national 
income; 
• 
supervise the banking system in Kuwait; 
• 
serve as the Government's bank; and 
• 
render financial advice to the Government. 
The CBK is largely independent of Kuwait's executive and legislative branches and is managed by a Board of Directors, 
consisting of the Governor of the CBK, who also acts as the Chairman, the Deputy Governor of the CBK, a 
representative from each of the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce and Industry and four additional 
members, each of whom must be a Kuwaiti national and must be nominated by the Minister of Finance (after obtaining 
the approval of the Council of Ministers). The four additional Board members are drawn from expert practitioners in the 
fields of economics, finance or banking and are appointed by an Emiri Decree for a three-year renewable term. The 
Governor and the Deputy Governor of the CBK are each appointed by an Emiri Decree for a five-year renewable term, 
pursuant to a recommendation from the Minister of Finance (which is conditional on them having experience in the 
banking sector). 
The CBK's total assets as at 31 May 2021 were KD 13.2 billion, an increase of 1.5 per cent. as compared to 
KD 13 billion as at 31 May 2020. This increase was primarily a result of an increase in deposits and investment in 
foreign currency held by the CBK. Deposits and investment in foreign currency as at 31 May 2021 were KD 13.1 billion, 
an increase of 1.5 per cent. as compared to KD 12.9 billion as at 31 May 2020. The CBK's total assets as at 31 May 2020 
were KD 13.0 billion, an increase of 14 per cent. as compared to KD 11.4 billion as at 31 May 2019. This increase was 
primarily a result of an increase in deposits and investment in foreign currency held by the CBK. Deposits and 
investment in foreign currency as at 31 May 2020 were KD 12.9 billion, an increase of 15 per cent. as compared to KD 
11.2 billion as at 31 May 2019.  
Bank Supervision 
All banks operating within Kuwait are subject to the supervision of the CBK, which is the primary regulator of banks and 
financial institutions in Kuwait whilst the CMA exercises supervisory authority over all Kuwaiti entities (including banks 
and financial institutions) which are listed on the Boursa Kuwait (previously known as the Kuwait Stock Exchange) or 
engage in securities activities as discussed further below. The CBK’s supervisory authority covers an array of banking 
institutions, including conventional banks operating in Kuwait, Islamic banks, specialised banks, branches of foreign 
banks operating in Kuwait and a number of investment and exchange companies. Only banks licensed and regulated by 
the CBK are allowed to engage in the conduct of banking activities in Kuwait. 
Off-site and On-site Supervision Department 
The CBK's off-site supervision department receives periodic financial reports from institutions under its supervision, 
issues supervisory regulations, resolutions and instructions to such institutions, examines ongoing banking and financial 
trends and monitors their impact on the soundness and stability of these institutions. The department also conducts 
studies to assess applications to establish new banking and financial institutions or for new branches, articles of 
association, banking services and by-laws; and organises and maintains registers of the institutions subject to CBK 
supervision. The off-site supervision department also prepares CBK recommendations on issues concerning banking and 
supervisory conditions, and develops a dialogue with worldwide supervisory bodies and concerned international 
institutions, to stay informed and updated on the latest global trends and developments in the area of supervision of 
banking and financial activities.

--- Page 182 ---
168 
 
 
The CBK also has an on-site supervision department that is responsible for monitoring the activities of institutions under 
its supervision to ensure their compliance with the provisions of relevant laws and supervisory regulations and 
instructions, including through periodic inspections. In addition, the on-site supervision department is responsible for the 
combat of money laundering and financing of terrorism (through an Anti-Money Laundering section within the on-site 
supervision department), following up on complaints and appeals submitted to CBK by those dealing with 
CBK-regulated entities, and proposing related supervisory regulations and instructions. 
Financial Stability Office 
The CBK has also established a Financial Stability Office (the FSO), which aims to contribute to a sound financial 
system in Kuwait capable of withstanding financial and economic shocks by identifying key vulnerabilities in the 
financial system and suggesting appropriate corrective measures. The FSO annually publishes its flagship Financial 
Stability Report (the FSR), covering key developments in the banking sector (making an assessment of financial 
intermediation, analysing key risks in the banking sector and examining the trends in banks' profitability, solvency and 
resilience against major shocks), domestic markets (money, foreign exchange, equity and real estate markets) and the 
payment and settlement systems. The aim of publishing the annual FSR is to identify risks to the stability of the financial 
system and to promote transparency and encourage informed public discourse on various developments in the financial 
system. 
The FSO also prepares other analytical reports, for internal use on major developments and key risks in the banking 
sector and financial markets, making use of appropriate tools and techniques, such as stress testing, in early identification 
of vulnerabilities in the financial system. 
Bank Regulation  
Liquidity Regulations 
Prior to April 2020, the CBK required banks to maintain 18 per cent. of their KD customer deposits in the form of liquid 
assets comprising balances with the CBK and Kuwait Government treasury bonds. 
Bank liquidity in Kuwait is monitored using the "Maturity Ladder Approach" under which future cash inflows are 
compared with future cash outflows. The resulting liquidity mismatches are then examined in time bands against 
approved limits for each band. The relevant instruction relating to liquidity establishes the elements to be included when 
calculating assets and liabilities for the purpose of determining liquidity. 
The CBK also introduced, in 2014, the liquidity coverage ratio regulations (LCR) and, later in 2015, the net stable 
funding ratio (NSFR) guidelines, which are aimed at improving banks' capacity to withstand liquidity stress and making 
their funding structure stable. 
The CBK introduced the LCR in a phased manner, setting a benchmark requirement of 70 per cent. in 2016 which 
increased by 10 per cent. each year and remained at 100 per cent. between 1 January 2019 and April 2020. Banks are 
required to submit, along with existing liquidity reports, their LCR reports on a daily and monthly basis for monitoring 
purposes as well as LCRs by major currency. 
The minimum required NSFR is calculated as a percentage of available stable funding. The requirement to maintain an 
NSFR of 100 per cent became effective on 1 January 2018, although banks were to start reporting their NSFR to the 
CBK from January 2016. 
In April 2020, as part of the measures implemented to support the Kuwaiti economy following the outbreak of COVID-
19, the CBK decreased banks’ liquidity ratio requirements from 18 per cent. to 15 per cent., their LCR requirements from 
100 per cent. to 80 per cent. and their NSFR requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent.. Additionally, the CBK 
increased the limit for the maximum negative cumulative gap for liquidity and also increased the limit for the maximum 
permissible financing from 90 per cent. to 100 per cent.. These measures imposed by the CBK remain subject to further 
review by the CBK at the end of 2021. 
Capital Adequacy Regulations 
Over the past few years, the CBK has refined its existing regulations to reflect global best practices. The CBK has 
already implemented the full set of Basel III regulations, covering capital adequacy, leverage, and liquidity. 
The CBK has enhanced its capital adequacy regime by setting out higher and better quality capital for Kuwaiti banks to 
further strengthen their loss absorbing capacity. The CBK has also put up additional capital requirements for systemically 
important banks and introduced the Leverage Ratio (which is defined as the "capital" measure – made up of Tier 1 capital

--- Page 183 ---
169 
 
 
– divided by the "exposure" measure – being the sum of on-balance sheet assets, derivative exposures and off-balance 
sheet exposures) as a supplementary measure to ensure that Kuwaiti banks do not become overly leveraged. 
The CBK's Instructions relating to Basel III require that the conditions of Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments issued by a 
licensed bank in Kuwait must contain a provision that permits such instruments to either be written-off or converted into 
common equity, as determined by the CBK, should a "Trigger Event" occur. Pursuant to the Instructions, a Trigger Event 
will have occurred if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
the issuing bank is instructed by its regulator to write-off or convert such instruments, on the grounds of non-
viability; or 
(ii) 
an immediate injection of capital is required, by way of an emergency intervention, without which the issuing 
bank would become non-viable. 
Credit Risk Regulations 
• 
Loans/financings to deposit ratio - Kuwaiti banks are restricted by the CBK from lending amounts in excess of a 
prescribed percentage of qualifying deposits. With effect from October 2016 to April 2020, the prescribed 
percentage was 90 per cent., irrespective of the maturity profile of such deposits. As described above, the 
prescribed percentage was increased to 100 per cent. in April 2020 following the outbreak of the Covid-19 
pandemic. 
• 
Credit facility classifications: The CBK requires banks operating in Kuwait to evaluate and classify their credit 
facilities into two categories (regular and irregular) on a periodic basis. The relevant CBK instructions specify 
the cases when a credit facility must be classified as 'irregular' and include where payment of an instalment is 
not made, interest is not paid on the maturity date or the debit balance exceeds the drawing limits determined for 
the customer. 
• 
Consumer and instalment loans: Consumer credit facilities are granted within the CBK’s regulatory framework, 
lending limits and in accordance with the Bank’s internal credit policy. In November 2018, the CBK amended 
the regulations on granting personal loans/financing. Taking into consideration changes in macroeconomic 
conditions and the changes in customer demographics, these amendments increased the ceiling for both 
consumer loans and Islamic financing. In general, the maximum eligible limit for a consumer loan is 25 times 
the net monthly salary (or continuous monthly income) of the consumer, or KD 25,000, whichever is lower, 
with a maximum repayment tenor of five years. An "instalment" loan is a long-term personal loan intended for 
non-commercial purposes, in particular for renovation or purchase of a private residence. The maximum limit on 
instalment loans is KD 70,000 (which is in addition to the maximum limit on any "consumer" loans advanced to 
the same customer). The maximum repayment tenor for an instalment loan is 15 years. A customer's total 
monthly repayment liability (consumer and instalment loans) must not exceed 40 per cent. (or 30 per cent. for 
retired persons) of that customer's net monthly salary (or continuous monthly income). 
• 
Extension of facilities for non-residents: Local banks are permitted to extend credit facilities in KD to 
non-residents without the need for prior consent from the CBK only in connection with financing contracts 
awarded by government bodies in Kuwait whose value does not exceed KD 40 million and where the loan does 
not exceed 70 per cent. of the total value of the contract. In all other cases, CBK consent is required for KD 
loans to non-residents. 
• 
Foreign exchange transactions - Local banks may deal with foreign banks for foreign exchange transactions, 
may deposit Kuwaiti dinar with foreign banks and may enter into foreign exchange swap and other derivative 
transactions, including options, futures and forward contracts. 
Concentration Risk Regulations 
• 
Investment limits: The total ratio of the securities portfolio held by a Kuwaiti bank should not exceed 
50 per cent. of the bank's capital in its comprehensive concept, as defined under the CBK's instructions to the 
local banks in respect of the Capital Adequacy Ratio and the CBK instruction no. BS/101/1995 (as amended) in 
respect of the credit concentration limits. Further, the ratio of the investment in the securities of any one issuer 
should be the lower of 10 per cent. of the bank's capital in its comprehensive concept or 10 per cent. of the 
issuer's capital. 
• 
Maximum limit for credit concentration: Subject to certain exceptions or where prior CBK approval has been 
obtained, the total credit liabilities of any single customer (including its legally or economically associated 
entities) to a bank may not exceed 15 per cent. of the bank's regulatory capital.

--- Page 184 ---
170 
 
 
• 
Clustering limit – total limit for large concentrations: The aggregate of large credit concentrations (being 
concentrations which exceed 10 per cent. of a bank's regulatory capital), including any exceptions approved by 
the CBK, may not exceed four times a bank's regulatory capital. 
Interest Rate Cap Regulations 
The CBK's resolutions issued in respect of interest rate ceilings provide that the maximum limits for interest rates on KD 
commercial loans should not exceed: 
• 
2.5 per cent. over the CBK's discount rate in the case of commercial loans with a maturity of one year or less; 
and 
• 
4 per cent. over the CBK's discount rate in the case of commercial loans exceeding one year. 
Interest rates for consumer and instalment loans denominated in KD are currently capped at the CBK discount rate plus 
3 per cent. for each block of five years. Such interest rates may be adjusted by no more than plus or minus 2 per cent. for 
each subsequent block of five years. 
Interest rates for loans in currencies other than the KD are not regulated by the CBK. 
Corporate Governance 
On 10 September 2019, the CBK issued a revised version of the "Rules and Standards of Corporate Governance" (the 
Corporate Governance Rules) which apply to all banks in Kuwait and are required to be implemented with effect from 
30 June 2020. This new regulation replaces the previous "Rules and Standards of Corporate Governance in Kuwaiti 
Banks" issued in 2012. The Corporate Governance Rules provide principles that should be applied by Kuwaiti banks in 
order to ensure proper governance. These include nine pillars that cover, amongst other things, board composition, 
independent board members, risk management governance, compliance governance, cyber security, disclosure and 
transparency, remuneration policies and systems and overall protection of shareholder and stakeholder's rights. The 
Corporate Governance Rules require each bank to adopt a corporate governance manual and establish a corporate 
governance committee tasked with devising an overall framework for adherence with the governance manual. 
The Corporate Governance Rules require the existence of independent directors in the composition of a bank's board of 
directors and board committees. Effective as of 30 June 2020, a bank's board must comprise no less than 11 board 
members, two of whom must be deemed "independent" but in no circumstance should the independent board members 
occupy more than half of the board seats. Another two independent board members are to be included to provide a total 
of four independent board members from the minimum of 11 board members. Following the outbreak of the Covid-19 
pandemic, the CBK granted Kuwaiti banks an extension to this requirement until 31 December 2020. A further extension 
was later granted until 30 June 2022. The Bank is already in compliance with these requirements.  
The Corporate Governance Rules provide principles that should be applied by Kuwaiti banks in order to ensure proper 
governance. They comprise nine pillars that cover, amongst other things, board composition, independent board 
members, risk management governance, compliance governance, cyber security, disclosure and transparency, 
remuneration policies and systems, and overall protection of shareholder and stakeholder's rights. The Corporate 
Governance Rules require each bank to adopt a corporate governance manual and establish a corporate governance 
committee, tasked with devising an overall framework for the adherence to the governance manual. 
The Corporate Governance Rules define the role of a bank's board of directors and executive management (including the 
chief executive officer and other members of senior management), the executive committee (which is to include the chief 
executive officer), the risk committee, the internal and external audit committee, and any other committees that have an 
active role in the business of the bank. 
The Board adopts and implements internationally recognised corporate governance practices and adheres to the CBK's 
requirements under the Corporate Governance Rules. 
Third party portfolio management 
Instructions apply to portfolios managed by banks and investment companies for the account of third parties and invested 
in foreign securities and other financial instruments. 
Other Instructions 
The CBK has also issued Instructions containing guidelines relating to, among other matters: (i) post-dated cheques; (ii) 
banks' credit policy ratios; (iii) verification of the purpose of credit facilities granted to customers; (iv) collateral to be

--- Page 185 ---
171 
 
 
granted by customers against credit facilities; (v) the provision of facilities for trading in shares listed on the Boursa 
Kuwait; (vi) the protection of customers; (vii) special needs of customers and (viii) anti-money laundering and combating 
the financing of terrorism. 
Application of CBK Regulations to the Bank 
The Bank is incorporated as a public shareholding company in Kuwait. The Bank is licensed by the CBK to conduct 
banking activities and operates under its supervision. The Bank is also listed on the Boursa Kuwait. As a company 
incorporated in Kuwait under the applicable companies' laws, for the Bank to perform any commercial activities, it must 
have a valid commercial license issued by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry (MOCI). The MOCI issued 
commercial license is renewable every four years. The Bank has a valid commercial license which was recently renewed 
on 19 September 2019 and expires on 18 September 2023. The Bank has no reason to believe that its commercial licence 
will not be renewed by MOCI. 
The CBK is tasked with maintaining the stability of Kuwait's banking system. As an entity subject to the CBK's 
oversight, the Bank is required to submit various periodic and one-off reports to the CBK. The CBK also conducts 
inspections of banking and financial institutions (banks, investment companies and money exchange companies) which 
are subject to its supervision in order to ascertain their financial sustainability and their adherence to their constitutive 
documents. These inspections may be in the form of a specific inspection or a full audit of all activities. The CBK 
routinely and periodically inspects all entities subject to its oversight. The CBK conducted three inspections of the Bank 
in 2020, the first of which took place on 21 January 2020, but was halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The second 
inspection followed on 12 July 2020 (the respective report was issued by the CBK on 8 November 2020), and the third 
inspection took place on 11 October 2020 (the respective report was issued by the CBK on 17 March 2021). The reports 
revealed no issues that may have a material adverse financial impact on the Bank. 
Alongside the CBK, the Bank is also regulated by the CMA due to it being a publicly traded company with shares listed 
on the Boursa Kuwait, and conducts some of the "Securities Activities" listed in Module 5 article 1-2 of the CMA 
Bylaws. 
Banking System 
The Kuwaiti banking sector currently comprises five locally incorporated conventional commercial banks, one 
specialised bank, five locally incorporated Sharia-compliant banks, branches of 11 non-Kuwaiti conventional banks and a 
non-Kuwaiti Sharia-compliant bank.  
The Kuwait banking sector has experienced increased competition and diversification from the entry of international 
banks establishing branches in Kuwait, following the promulgation of Law No. 28 of 2004 amending certain provisions 
of Law No. 32 of 1968 concerning Currency, CBK and the Organisation of Banking Business. As at 31 December 2020, 
total local bank assets in the Kuwaiti banking sector amounted to KD 73.3 billion and total credit facilities to Kuwaiti 
residents advanced by local banks amounted to KD 39.8 billion (source: CBK). 
In addition, 12 foreign bank branches also operate in Kuwait. These are the Bank of Bahrain and Kuwait, BNP Paribas, 
HSBC, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Citibank, Qatar National Bank, Doha Bank, Mashreq Bank, Al-Rajhi Bank, Bank Muscat, 
Union National Bank and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited. 
Deposit Guarantee Law 
The Government passed Law No. 30 of 2008 regarding the guarantee of deposits held with local banks (the Deposit 
Guarantee Law). Under the Deposit Guarantee Law, the Government has undertaken to guarantee the principal (but not 
interest) of all deposits held with local banks in Kuwait, including savings accounts and current accounts.

--- Page 186 ---
172 
 
 
TAXATION 
 
The following is a general description of certain Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Dubai International Financial 
Centre, EU and United States tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis 
of all tax considerations relating to the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to 
the consequences under the tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments under the Notes. This summary is based upon the 
law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
Kuwait  
This summary of taxation in Kuwait is based on the Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955, as amended by Law No. 2 
of 2008 "Amending Certain Provisions of Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955" (the Amendment), the Executive 
Bylaws of the Amendment (the Regulations), and various ministerial resolutions and circulars relating thereto issued by 
the Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Finance Administrative Order No. 2028 of 2015 (together, the Taxation Laws) 
as interpreted and implemented by the DIT as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any subsequent changes in either the 
Taxation Laws or the interpretation or implementation of the same by the DIT would alter and affect this summary. 
Income tax 
Under the Taxation Laws, income tax (at a flat rate of 15 per cent.) is levied on, inter alia, the net income and capital 
gains realised by any corporate entity (interpreted by the DIT to mean any form of company or partnership), wherever 
incorporated, that conducts business in Kuwait. However, the DIT to date has granted a concession to such corporate 
entities incorporated in Kuwait or in any other GCC country (being referred to in this Base Prospectus as GCC corporate 
entities) and has only imposed income tax on corporate entities which are not GCC corporate entities (being referred to in 
this Base Prospectus as non-GCC corporate entities) which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes shareholders of GCC 
corporate entities which are themselves non-GCC corporate entities, in each case, conducting business in Kuwait. The 
following paragraphs in this section are therefore applicable only to non-GCC corporate entities. 
Pursuant to the Regulations, income generated from the lending of funds inside Kuwait is considered to be income 
realised from the conducting of business in Kuwait, and is therefore subject to income tax. 
Pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015, which amended Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital 
Markets Authority and the Regulating of Securities Activities (the CMA Law Amendment), yields of securities, bonds, 
finance sukuk and all other similar securities regardless of the issuer thereof shall be exempted from taxation. The CMA 
Law Amendment was acknowledged by the Ministry of Finance Administrative Resolution No. 2028 of 2015 (the 
Administrative Resolution). 
However, see "Risk Factors — The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, and 
holders of the Notes which are "non-GCC corporate entities" may become subject to the Kuwaiti income tax regime in 
certain limited circumstances". 
Individuals are not subject to any Kuwaiti income tax on their income or capital gains. 
Retention 
Under the Regulations, a Kuwaiti-based party making a payment (being referred to in this section as the payer) to any 
other party (being referred to in this section as the payee), wherever incorporated, is obliged to deduct 5 per cent. of the 
amount of each such payment until such time as the DIT issues a tax clearance certificate approving the release of such 
amount. Unlike with withholding tax, the payer is not required to transfer directly the deducted amount to the DIT 
immediately, but instead retains such amount and releases it either: (i) to the payee upon presentation to the payer by

--- Page 187 ---
173 
 
 
such payee of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT confirming that the payee is not subject to or is exempt from 
income tax, or has realised a loss, or has paid or guaranteed the payment of its income tax; or (ii) in the absence of such a 
tax clearance certificate, to the DIT, on demand. 
According to a literal interpretation of the Regulations, payments which are subject to a deduction as described above 
would include principal and interest payments. Given that neither the CMA Law Amendment nor the Administrative 
Resolution address the issue of whether or not there remains an obligation, as described above, to make a deduction, a 
payer (such as the Guarantor) could be required to deduct 5 per cent. from every payment made by it to a payee (such as 
the Issuer and the holders of the Notes (if there was a call on the Deed of Guarantee)), which amount would be released 
by the payer upon presentation to it by the payee of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT. 
However, the holders of Notes shall be able to rely on the provisions in the Conditions (in particular, on Condition 9 
(Taxation)) and the Deed of Guarantee which require the Issuer (in the case of the Conditions) and the Guarantor (in the 
case of the Deed of Guarantee) to gross up each payment by an amount equal to any deduction, irrespective of whether a 
tax clearance certificate is presented or not and accordingly, in practice, a holder would not need to present such a tax 
clearance certificate. 
Other taxes 
Save as described above, all payments in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee may be made without 
withholding, deduction or retention for, or on account of, present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Kuwait. 
No stamp, registration or similar duties or taxes will be payable in Kuwait by holders of Notes in connection with the 
issue or any transfer of the Notes. 
 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in the UAE in relation to payments on the Notes is based on the 
taxation law and practice in force at the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not constitute legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules and practice and their interpretation may change. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, 
holding, selling, redeeming or disposing of the Notes and the receipt of any payments with respect to such Certificates 
under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Under current legislation, there is no requirement for withholding or deduction for or on account of United Arab Emirates 
or Dubai taxation in respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the documents to which it is a party and/or the 
Issuer under the Notes. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Pursuant to Article 14 of Law No. (9) of 2004 in respect of the Dubai International Financial Centre (the DIFC Law), 
entities licensed, registered or otherwise authorised to carry on financial services in the Dubai International Financial 
Centre and their employees shall be subject to a zero rate of tax for a period of 50 years from 13 September 2004. This 
zero rate of tax applies to income, corporation and capital gains tax. In addition, this zero rate of tax will also extend to 
repatriation of capital and to transfers of assets or profits or salaries to any party outside the Dubai International Financial 
Centre. Article 14 of the DIFC Law also provides that it is possible to renew the 50-year period to a similar period upon 
issuance of a resolution by the Ruler of the Emirate of Dubai. As a result no payments by the Issuer under the Notes are 
subject to any Dubai International Financial Centre tax, whether by withholding or otherwise.

--- Page 188 ---
174 
 
 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a Directive for 
a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia 
(the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 
5(c) of Commission Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, 
or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign 
financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Kuwait) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 189 ---
175 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 8 September 2021 (the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any securities 
regulatory authority or any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or, if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms, to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except to 
certain persons in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
Canada  
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act 
(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time 
limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor.  
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering.

--- Page 190 ---
176 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: (i) the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and (ii) the 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 191 ---
177 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
 not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: (i) the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and (ii) the expression UK 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of 
the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any Belgian Consumer.

--- Page 192 ---
178 
 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of 
the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949 as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other 
than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong 
(the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) (Cap. 
32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or 
document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read 
by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than 
with respect to any Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or 
only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre)  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
publicly promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the Dubai International Financial 
Centre unless such offer is:  
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA) rulebook; and  
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA rulebook.  
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia  
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the Notes. 
Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) who acquires any Notes 
pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under the "Rules on the Offer of 
Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority (the CMA) resolution 
number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended (the KSA Regulations), made through an authorised person 
licensed by the CMA to carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following a notification to the CMA, in each case 
in accordance with  the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than to 
"Sophisticated Investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 10 of, or as 
otherwise required by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes by it to a Saudi Investor will be 
made in compliance with the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 193 ---
179 
 
 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market offer" pursuant 
to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations. Any 
Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell 
those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is made under the KSA Regulations.  
Kingdom of Bahrain  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes except on a private placement 
basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means:  
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or  
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund).  
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: (a) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations 
of Qatar; and (b) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or 
engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus (a) has not been and will not be registered or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock 
Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial Markets Authority and may not be 
publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (b) is intended for the original recipient 
only and must not be provided to any other person; and (c) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose.  
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered, marketed, and/or sold in the State of Kuwait, unless all necessary 
approvals from the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010, and its executive bylaws (each as 
amended), together with the various resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions issued pursuant thereto or in 
connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature), or any other applicable law or regulation in the State of Kuwait, have 
been given in respect of the offering, marketing and/or sale, of the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge 
that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 194 ---
180 
 
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation 
or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after 
that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms all Notes 
issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the SFA) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will (to 
the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it offers or sells Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes.

--- Page 195 ---
181 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes by the Issuer and its entry into the Programme 
Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 28 June 2016, 21 June 2017, 20 June 2018, 8 April 2020 and 12 July 2021. 
The entry into the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Guarantee by the Bank has been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated 5 July 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note or 
Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or about 8 September 2021. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the 
Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection or collection, in physical format or provided to holders in electronic form, from the 
registered office of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time 
being in London: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement (including the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and 
the Talons), the Deed of Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant; 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer and the constitutional documents (with an English 
translation thereof) of the Bank; 
(c) 
the Annual Financial Statements; 
(d) 
the most recently published unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information (if any) of the 
Group, together with any review report prepared in connection therewith; 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms (save that a Final 
Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference). 
This Base Prospectus will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). The 
Agency Agreement, Deed of Guarantee, Deed of Covenant, the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer, 
the Annual Financial Statements and the most recently published unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial 
statement will be available for viewing at https://www.burgan.com/aboutus/Pages/Investor-Center.aspx. The 
constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Bank will be available for viewing at 
https://www.burgan.com/aboutus/Pages/Anti-Money-Laundering.aspx. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by

--- Page 196 ---
182 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case, since the date of its incorporation. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Bank or the Group since 30 
June 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Bank or the Group 
since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since the date of its incorporation which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Bank or of the Group. 
Auditors 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared. The Issuer is not required by 
the laws of the Dubai International Financial Centre, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements or 
appoint any auditors. 
The current auditors of the Bank are KPMG (KPMG Safi Al-Mutawa & Partners) whose business address is Al Hamra 
Tower, 25th Floor, Abdulaziz Al Saqr Street, P.O. Box 24, Safat 13001, Kuwait. and RSM (RSM Albazie & Co.) whose 
business address is Arraya Tower 2, Floors 41 & 42, Abdulaziz Hamad Alsaqar Street, Sharq, P.O. Box 2115, Safat 
13022, Kuwait. Each of KPMG and RSM is regulated in Kuwait by the Kuwait Ministry of Commerce and Industry and 
the CMA and each of whom is a registered auditor licensed to act as an auditor in Kuwait by the Kuwait Association of 
Accountants and Auditors. 
The previous auditors of the Bank were Ernst & Young (Al-Aiban, Al-Osaimi and Partners) whose business address is 
P.O. Box 74, 18th Floor, Baitak Tower, Ahmed Al Jaber Street, Safat Square 13001, Kuwait. Ernst & Young is regulated 
in Kuwait by the Kuwait Ministry of Commerce and Industry and the CMA and is a registered auditor licensed to act as 
an auditor in Kuwait by the Kuwait Association of Accountants and Auditors. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been jointly audited by Ernst & Young with licence no. 68-A and RSM with licence no. 91-A in accordance 
with International Standard on Auditing as stated in their report incorporated by reference herein. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates routinely

--- Page 197 ---
183 
 
 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" shall also include parent companies. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the DPL) on 18 May 
2017 which was brought into force on 30 September 2019. The DPL introduces legal requirements for the Issuer based 
on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Notes and the associated interactions with 
the Issuer and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Issuer with personal information on individuals 
connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, 
beneficial owners or agents) such individuals may be providing the Issuer and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, 
without limitation, the Corporate Service Provider) with certain personal information which constitutes personal data 
within the meaning of the DPL. The Issuer shall act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates 
and/or delegates, such as the Corporate Service Provider, may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own 
right in some circumstances). 
For further information on the application of the DPL to the Issuer, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a copy of which 
may be requested from the Corporate Service Provider by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides an outline of 
investors’ data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Notes. 
Oversight of the DPL is the responsibility of the Ombudsman’s office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the DPL by the 
Issuer could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of remediation orders, monetary 
penalties or referral for criminal prosecution.

--- Page 198 ---
ISSUER 
Burgan Senior SPC Limited 
c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited 
Office 1407, 14th Floor, Burj Daman, DIFC 
P.O. Box 506734 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
GUARANTOR 
Burgan Bank K.P.S.C. 
Al Sharq – Abdullah Al Ahmed Street 
Burgan Tower 
P.O. Box 5389, Al Safat 12170 
Kuwait 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square  
London E14 5HQ  
United Kingdom  
REGISTRAR, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square  
London E14 5HQ  
United Kingdom  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor  
as to English law and DIFC law 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
 as to Kuwaiti Law 
Dentons & Co. 
International Counsel Bureau 
Level 18, Boulevard Plaza 2 
Burj Khalifa District 
P.O. Box 1756 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Al Hamra Business Tower, 58th Floor 
Sharq, Kuwait City 
P.O. Box 2094 
Safat 13070 
Kuwait 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Kuwaiti law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
ASAR – Al-Ruwayeh & Partners 
11th Floor 
Salhiya Complex, Gate 1, Floor 3, 
Burj Daman Building 
P.O. Box 447 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Safat 13005 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Kuwait 
P.O. Box 506678 
 
Dubai 
 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 199 ---
0013035-0001569 DBO1: 2001629536.1 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR 
Prior to June 2021 
From June 2021 
Ernst & Young 
(Al-Aiban, Al-Osaimi and Partners) 
P.O. Box 74,  
18th Floor, Baitak Tower 
Ahmed Al Jaber Street 
Safat Square 13001, Kuwait 
 KPMG 
(KPMG Safi Al-Mutawa & Partners) 
Al Hamra Tower, 25th Floor 
Abdulaziz Al Saqr Street 
P.O. Box 24, Safat 13001, Kuwai 
RSM 
(RSM Albazie & Co.) 
Arraya Tower 2, Floors 41 & 42 Abdulaziz Hamad Alsaqar Street, Sharq 
P.O. Box 2115, Safat 13022, Kuwait 
ARRANGERS 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates  
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Emirates NBD Bank PJSC 
P.O. Box 777 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park – Al Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland