--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CA AUTO BANK S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
acting through 
CA AUTO BANK S.p.A., IRISH BRANCH 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), CA Auto Bank S.p.A. 
(formerly named FCA Bank S.p.A.), acting through its Irish branch (the Issuer or CA Auto Bank), may from 
time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Arranger and Dealer specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a 
Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such 
Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks 
see “Risk Factors”. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or 
on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, (as amended, MiFID II), and/or that are 
to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from 
the date of the Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. References in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) 
shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to listing 
on the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or, as the case may be, a MiFID 
Regulated Market (as defined below).  
The Programme provides that the Notes may be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes. The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 
12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). 
CM AUTO BANK

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined below) and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in an EEA member state in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation) will be disclosed in the Final Terms. Such credit rating agency will be included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation). 
CA Auto Bank has been assigned a long-term rating of Baa1 by Moody's France SAS (Moody’s) and A- by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch). Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. As such, each of Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority referenced above. Please also refer to 
“Credit ratings may not reflect all risks” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, the 
Issuer ratings issued by each of Moody’s and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and 
Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and have not been 
withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody’s and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, WIBOR, SONIA and 
€STR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, GPW Benchmark S.A. (as administrator of WIBOR) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England 
(as administrator of SONIA) is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
European Central Bank (as administrator of €STR) is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR does not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see further “Subscription and Sale” below).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in final terms (the Final Terms) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank on or before the date of 
issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 October 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated 
and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this document 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Save for the Issuer, no party (including the Dealers and the Arranger) has independently verified the 
information contained or incorporated by reference herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or 
the Arranger or their respective affiliates (including parent companies) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger or their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes. The Dealers and the Arranger accordingly 
disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains 
a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 
33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. 
Save for the approval of the Base Prospectus by the Central Bank, no action has been or will be 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of the Notes or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material in relation to the Notes in 
any jurisdiction where action for the purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Ireland, Italy, Belgium, and 
France), the United Kingdom, Japan, Switzerland and Singapore. Purchasers are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of the Notes. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, 
or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
The Base Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the Central Bank as required by the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to CA Auto Bank 
has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of CA Auto Bank for the financial 
years ended, respectively, 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements) and 31 
December 2021 (the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements) and from the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial report of CA Auto Bank for the six months ended on 30 June 2023 (together, the 
Financial Statements). 
CA Auto Bank’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are either to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year or as of 31 December 
of such year, as applicable. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
and approved by the EC (IFRS). 
At the general meeting held on 25 March 2020, PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA was appointed as auditor 
of the Issuer for the years ending 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2029. The 2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements and the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA and the unaudited consolidated interim 
financial report of CA Auto Bank for the six months ended on 30 June 2023 incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus was subject to a limited review by PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA as stated in 
the review report incorporated by reference herein. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings 
defined below: 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Pound Sterling, Sterling and £ refer to British pound sterling;  
• 
Japanese Yen and JPY refer to the lawful currency of Japan; and 
• 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Any reference to websites in this Base Prospectus is for information purposes only and such websites 
shall not form part of this document. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements.  Forward 
looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements.  When 
used in this Base Prospectus, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", 
"plans", "aims", "seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward 
looking statements. These forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk 
Factors" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has based these forward looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in 
its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of 
the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise 
identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be 
incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, 
estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in the Issuer’s geographical perimeter and the wider region in 
which the Issuer operates; 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing 
and future investments and projects; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and 
• 
actions taken by the Issuer’s joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its 
policies and objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus 
any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in 
expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking 
statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................. 13 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 19 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 40 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 42 
Applicable Final Terms ......................................................................................................................... 45 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 61 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 100 
Description of CA Auto Bank ............................................................................................................. 101 
Regulatory Aspects ............................................................................................................................. 123 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 140 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 153 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 160

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in 
any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole including the 
documents incorporated by reference. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is 
taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of listed Notes 
only and, if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or supplemental Base Prospectus will be published. 
The below constitutes an overview of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A., acting through its Irish branch 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
549300V1VN70Q7PQ7234 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are 
set out under “Risk Factors” below and include, among others, the 
dependence of CA Auto Bank on its shareholder Crédit Agricole 
Consumer Finance S.A. and on the automotive sector, the fact that it 
is a holding company and the implications of a possible change of 
control of CA Auto Bank. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
“Risk Factors” and include the fact that the Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors, certain risks relating to the 
structure of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (see “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year” below) and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes may 
be denominated in euro, sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese Yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer as described in 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) 
and Condition 6.4 (Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Change of Control Put: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the occurrence of 
a Put Event (as described below), Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Issuer on a date 
or dates specified prior to their stated maturity and at a price or prices 
and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if, in respect of any 
Notes, during the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, 
there occurs a Change of Control (as described below) and, during 
the period ending on the 30th day after the public announcement of 
the Change of Control having occurred, either (as further described 
in Condition 6) (A) a Rating Downgrade resulting from that Change 
of Control occurs or (B) a Negative Rating Event resulting from that 
Change of Control occurs. 
 
A Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred if Crédit 
Agricole Group (meaning Caisses Régionales de Crédit Agricole 
Mutuel, Crédit Agricole S.A. and their respective subsidiaries from 
time to time and their successors or assigns) ceases at any time to be 
the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of at least 50 per cent. of 
the issued voting share capital of CA Auto Bank.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 7, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.  
 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, 
or law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, as 
provided in Condition 5. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3.  
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any relative Coupons will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as 
aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and (subject to mandatorily preferred obligations 
under applicable laws) with all other present and future outstanding 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Notes from time to time (including 
any obligations permitted or required by law to rank junior to the 
Notes following the Issue Date), if any)). 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant 
Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
requirements imposed under EU law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the 
Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement, and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement, will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Contractual Recognition 
of Statutory Bail-in 
Powers: 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and 
agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
distributions on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all or a portion 
of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including 
by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the 
exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are 
subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
See further Condition 18 (Contractual recognition of statutory bail-
in powers). 
 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down 
and/or conversion power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution 
or independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant 
Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State 
to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to) 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European 
Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of 
a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to 
which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any 
Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into 
shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD 
II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 
98/26/EC; 
Group Entities means any legal person that is part of the Crédit 
Agricole Group;

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution 
authority, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise 
or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time 
to time (including by the SRM2 Regulation); and 
SRM2 Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institution  and investment firms.-  
Benchmark 
discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
if any (in accordance with Condition 4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and 
whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (all as defined in the Conditions). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Ireland, Italy, France and 
Belgium), the United Kingdom, Japan, Switzerland and Singapore 
and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA D, TEFRA C or TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their 
businesses and ability to make payments due. 
The following risks are presented in five categories, with the most material risk factors presented first 
in each category. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to the corporate structure of CA Auto Bank; 
Risks related to changes to the existing regulatory framework; 
Risks related to the business sector of CA Auto Bank; 
Risks related to the financial markets; and 
Risks related to legal proceedings. 
Risks related to the corporate structure of CA Auto Bank 
CA Auto Bank is a holding company 
CA Auto Bank (formerly named FCA Bank S.p.A.) is both the holding company of the group 
comprising CA Auto Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the CA Auto Bank Group) and the CA 
Auto Bank Group's operating entity in Italy. As a holding company, it conducts certain of its operations 
through its subsidiaries and depends in part on dividends and inter-company payments (both advances 
and repayments) from these subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations, including the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes. The liquidation or winding up of CA Auto Bank's subsidiaries may have a material 
adverse effect on CA Auto Bank’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
CA Auto Bank is dependent on its shareholder 
CA Auto Bank was established as a joint venture between FCA Italy S.p.A. (formerly Fiat Group 
Automobiles S.p.A. and Fiat Auto S.p.A.) (FCA Italy), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stellantis N.V. 
(Stellantis), and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance S.A. (Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance), a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole S.A. (Crédit Agricole and, together with Caisses 
Régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel and their respective subsidiaries from time to time and their

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
successors or assigns, the Crédit Agricole Group), each holding 50 per cent. of CA Auto Bank's issued 
share capital.  
On 17 December 2021, Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they had 
entered into negotiations in order to agree upon, inter alia, the purchase by Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance of Stellantis' 50 per cent. shareholding in CA Auto Bank and Drivalia S.p.A. (formerly Leasys 
Rent S.p.A.) (Drivalia), at that time a 100 per cent. owned subsidiary of Leasys S.p.A. (Leasys) (the 
CACF Share Purchase). As a consequence, following completion of the CACF Share Purchase, the 
Issuer and Drivalia would each have become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance. Furthermore, a 100% interest in Leasys (excluding Drivalia) would have been transferred by 
CA Auto Bank and Leasys would have been combined with Free2Move Lease (that has historically 
covered the PSA brands) to create a pan-European leasing joint venture which would have been equally 
owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis (Leasys’ current ultimate shareholders) (the 
Leasys Share Sale).  
In accordance with the announcements of 17 December 2021 and following the positive opinion of the 
staff representative bodies, on 1 April 2022 Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis 
announced they entered into binding agreements, as a result of which, Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance agreed to acquire 100% of the capital of CA Auto Bank and Drivalia, with the ambition of 
making it an independent and multi-brand pan-European leader in car financing, leasing and mobility.  
On 21 December 2022 CA Auto Bank executed the Leasys Share Sale, transferring 100% shareholding 
in Leasys to a newly created joint venture vehicle, established in France, equally owned by Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis (Leasys’ current indirect shareholders). 
On 3 April 2023 the CACF Share Purchase was completed and therefore the Issuer became a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance. 
A significant proportion of the CA Auto Bank Group's revenues has been historically generated as a 
result of its close relationship with FCA Italy which, following the full combination of the respective 
businesses of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCA) and Peugeot S.A. (PSA) by way of a 50/50 merger 
completed in January 2021 (the FCA/PSA Merger), is now part of the group of which Stellantis is the 
parent company (the Stellantis Group). Upon conclusion of the CACF Share Purchase, CA Auto Bank 
is no longer the captive bank of the Stellantis Group and therefore its business model might be 
substantially impacted in the future. See "The CA Auto Bank Group is dependent on the performance 
of the automotive sector" and "CA Auto Bank Group operates in a competitive market environment" 
below. 
However, the CA Auto Bank Group has in the past and will continue to offer its services as a financing 
partner to other automotive manufacturers, such as Ferrari, Aston Martin, Morgan Motor Company, 
Lotus, Harley-Davidson, Dodge and Ram European importers, the Erwin Hymer Group (EHG) and 
Groupe Pilote. Moreover, in 2022 an extensive process aimed at increasing the commercial partnerships 
on the open market started. This has led to the signing of commercial agreements with, amongst others 
Tesla, Harley Davidson, VinFast (a Vietnamese manufacturer of electric vehicles), Rapido (one of 
Europe's leading manufacturers of motorhomes and leisure vehicles), DR Automobiles (a fast-growing 
Italian company), the Koelliker Group (a well-established importer and distributor of Asian automotive 
brands in Europe), Gruppo Campello (the European importer of XEV, an international brand known for 
electric quadricycles and microcars), Mazda Motor Belux (for the provision of financial services to end 
customers in Belgium and Luxemburg) and ElectricBrands (a German start-up known for its zero-
emission models). All such new commercial agreements are additional to the historical partnerships 
with Erwin Hymer Group and Jaguar Land Rover, although the latter expired on 31 December 2022. 
As following completion of the CACF Share Purchase, the CA Auto Bank Group has ceased to be the 
captive finance arm of the Stellantis Group for the FCA brands, there is no assurance that the CA Auto 
Bank Group will maintain a relationship with FCA Italy and the other relevant Stellantis Group

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
companies in the countries where Stellantis Financial Services S.A. (the current captive finance 
company of the Stellantis Group), the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the CA 
Auto Bank Group's business and its results of operations. 
The strategic, commercial and financial links between CA Auto Bank and its shareholder make the 
business of CA Auto Bank dependent on the Crédit Agricole Group’s strategic plans and guidelines. 
This, in turn, exposes CA Auto Bank to certain exogenous factors that may affect the Crédit Agricole 
Group. 
Change of control of CA Auto Bank 
A joint venture agreement (the JVA) between FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole 
Consumer Finance was signed on 28 December 2006 with a minimum term of eight years, indefinitely 
extendable thereafter. Since December 2006, FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance, as the original parties to the JVA have entered into numerous amendment agreements (the 
JVA Amendments) to, amongst other things, extend the duration of the JVA. For the purposes of good 
order, the parties executed a restated and consolidated version of the JVA on 8 November 2013 (the 
Restated JVA). On 15 February 2018, FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance announced the extension of their joint venture in CA Auto Bank up to 31 December 2022. On 
18 July 2019, FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, entered into an 
Agreement (the Agreement) to, amongst other things, extend the duration of the JVA with respect to 
CA Auto Bank up to 31 December 2024 (the End Date) with effect from 19 July 2019, and with the 
possibility to automatically extend the JVA, unless a termination notice is served three years prior to 
the End Date.  
On 17 December 2021, Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they had 
entered into negotiations in order to agree upon the CACF Share Purchase and, following the positive 
opinion of the staff representative bodies, on 1 April 2022 they announced their entrance into binding 
agreements, as a result of which, Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance agreed to acquire 100% of the 
capital of CA Auto Bank and Drivalia. 
On 3 April 2023 the CACF Share Purchase was completed, therefore the JVA was terminated and the 
Issuer became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance.  
As a consequence, if Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance were to divest its shareholding in CA Auto 
Bank, this could negatively affect CA Auto Bank's business, results of operations, its ability to access 
funding and its credit ratings (and consequently its cost of funding), which could have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. For further details, please see 
the risk factor entitled “CA Auto Bank is dependent on its shareholder”. 
Furthermore, if CA Auto Bank experiences a change of control, in certain circumstances investors may 
elect to exercise a put option in respect of their holding of Notes and the Issuer may be required to 
repurchase some or all of the outstanding Notes, if any, and/or may be required to repay certain other 
outstanding debt obligations. Also, certain of CA Auto Bank's existing credit facilities may provide that 
certain change of control events in relation to CA Auto Bank constitute an event of default or 
acceleration. Such an event would entitle the lenders thereunder to, among other things and unless a 
waiver is granted, cause all outstanding debt obligations under the relevant credit facility to become due 
and payable and to proceed against the collateral, if any, securing such credit facility. An event of 
default or an acceleration of any of CA Auto Bank's credit facilities may also cause a default under the 
terms of other indebtedness of CA Auto Bank. There can be no assurance that, in such a situation, CA 
Auto Bank would have sufficient assets or be able to obtain sufficient third party financing to satisfy all 
of its obligations under its credit facilities, any Notes or other indebtedness which have become due and 
payable.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Risks relating to corporate transactions (acquisitions and disposals) 
CA Auto Bank and its subsidiaries have engaged in the past, and may engage in the future, in significant 
corporate transactions such as mergers, de-mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, the impact of which 
is difficult to predict. In particular, CA Auto Bank has been directly involved in the CACF Share 
Purchase. For a description of the transaction, see "Description of CA Auto Bank – History and 
Development" below.  
No assurance can be given that current or future transactions will not negatively impact on CA Auto 
Bank’s business, results and financial position in the short and/or the medium term and will not 
encounter obstacles of an administrative, legal, technical, industrial, operational, regulatory or financial 
policy nature or other difficulties, such that they may not achieve the results, objectives or benefits 
expected. Moreover, any delay in completing, or the failure to complete, an acquisition, disposal, 
merger, joint venture or similar operation, could prejudice the full achievement or delay fully achieving, 
the results and the benefits expected for the CA Auto Bank Group taken as a whole, and could have 
significant negative repercussions on the business prospects, results and/or financial situation of the CA 
Auto Bank Group taken as a whole. CA Auto Bank is also exposed to the risk that the disposal of its 
investments may be implemented on terms and conditions which are unsatisfactory to it, with 
consequent negative impacts on its financial position and its prospects. 
In particular, following the completion of the CACF Share Purchase, the CA Auto Bank Group is no 
longer the captive bank of the Stellantis Group and therefore its business model could be substantially 
impacted, being reliant on the contractual relationships that CA Auto Bank is able to form with a variety 
of car manufacturers, which may or may not include Stellantis. See "The CA Auto Bank Group is 
dependent on the performance of the automotive sector" below. 
Risks related to changes to the existing regulatory framework 
Risk related to changes to the general regulatory framework 
The CA Auto Bank Group is subject to regulation and supervision in the various countries in which it 
operates (see “Description of CA Auto Bank – Regulation”). Legislation in many of these countries has 
been enacted or proposed with a view to increasing financial and consumer credit regulations and 
supervisory bodies have broad jurisdiction over many aspects of CA Auto Bank or its subsidiaries, as 
the case may be, including capital adequacy requirements, marketing and selling practices, advertising, 
licensing, terms of business and permitted investments. In particular, CA Auto Bank is required to hold 
a license for its operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by the Italian Securities and 
Exchange Commission (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy. In addition, as an entity within Crédit 
Agricole Group’s scope of prudential consolidation, CA Auto Bank is subject to the supervision of the 
ECB under the Single Supervisory Mechanism (as described below). The banking laws to which CA 
Auto Bank is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the 
safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, CA Auto Bank must comply 
with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. Extensive regulations are 
already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. Any changes 
in the regulatory framework, in how such regulations are applied, or any further implementation of new 
requirements for financial institutions and banks, may have a material effect on the business and 
operations of CA Auto Bank or its subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
Each of CA Auto Bank and its subsidiaries, as the case may be, also faces the risk that the relevant 
supervisory body may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations and any such regulatory 
proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, such supervised 
entity, which could lead to a reputational damage for the CA Auto Bank Group. In addition, any 
significant regulatory action against a member of the CA Auto Bank Group could lead to financial 
losses, as a result of regulatory fines, reprimands or litigations, and, in extreme scenarios, to the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorizations, thus having a material adverse effect on 
CA Auto Bank Group's business, results of operations and its financial condition, which would be 
reflected in the CA Auto Bank Group's consolidated results. 
Risk related to changes to the credit institution framework  
Banks are subject to the Basel III regulations, which relate to capital and liquidity requirements with 
the goal of promoting a more resilient banking sector in the event of a crisis, implemented in the 
European Union through the Capital Requirements Directive package.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, banks must meet the own funds requirements provided by article 
92 of (EU) Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and European Council of 26 June 2013 
concerning prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as subsequently 
amended, (the CRR): (i) the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio must be equal to at least 4.5 per cent. of the 
total risk exposure amount of the bank; (ii) the Tier 1 Ratio must be equal to at least 6 per cent. of the 
total risk exposure amount of the bank; (iii) the Total Capital Ratio must be equal to at least 8 per cent. 
of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; and (iv) the Leverage Ratio must be equal to at least 3 
per cent. of the Tier 1 Ratio divided by the total exposures amount of the bank. In addition to the 
minimum regulatory requirements, banks must meet the Combined Buffer Requirement (as defined 
below) provided by EU Directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and European Council in relation 
to credit institutions’ activities, credit institutions’ prudential supervision and investment undertakings, 
as subsequently amended, (the CRD IV).  
In terms of banking and prudential regulation, CA Auto Bank is also subject to the BRRD, as 
subsequently amended, implemented by the BRRD Decrees (as defined below) as well as the relevant 
technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (i.e. EBA) which, inter alia, provide 
MREL requirements for credit institutions, recovery and resolution mechanisms.  
Should CA Auto Bank not be able to meet the capital requirements and/or MREL requirements imposed 
by the applicable laws and regulations, it may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, which 
could potentially impact the credit ratings, and funding conditions, which could limit CA Auto Bank’s 
growth opportunities and profitability.  
For a description of the CRD package applicable to the CA Auto Bank Group please see “Regulatory 
Aspects - Basel III and the CRD IV Package” of this Base Prospectus. 
For a description of the BRRD package applicable to CA Auto Bank Group, please see “Regulatory 
Aspects – The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, CA Auto Bank is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD 
IV Package (as defined below), as amended by the EU Banking Reform Package (as defined below), 
which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
(SREP). 
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to the CA Auto Bank Group please see 
“Regulatory Aspects - Capital Requirements” of this Base Prospectus. 
The CA Auto Bank Group’s liquidity and long-term viability depends on many factors including its 
ability to successfully raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Should CA Auto Bank not be able 
to implement the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to meet the capital 
requirements imposed by the CRD IV Package (as amended by the EU Banking Reform Package), it 
may be required to maintain levels of capital which could potentially impact its credit ratings, funding 
conditions and limit CA Auto Bank’s growth opportunities.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, CA Auto Bank might be 
compelled to adapt to changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation 
procedures adopted by the supervisory authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, liabilities 
and financial situation. In particular, investors should consider that supervisory authorities may impose 
further requirements and/or parameters for the purpose of calculating capital adequacy requirements or 
may adopt interpretation approaches of the legislation governing prudential fund requirements 
unfavourable to CA Auto Bank, with consequent inability of CA Auto Bank to comply with the 
requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on the business and capital, 
economic and financial conditions. 
In light of that, CA Auto Bank has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance 
with the regulatory frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and 
consistent with the regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, 
among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and 
policies, there can be no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely 
affect CA Auto Bank’s results of operations, business and financial condition. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to introduce a systemic risk buffer and borrower based 
measures has recently been introduced into the Circular (as defined below) and there is uncertainty as 
to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Moreover, although the European 
Parliament has recently reached a provisional agreement on the 2021 Banking Package (as defined 
below), as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is still uncertainty as to adoption and implementation 
of this legislative proposal and in particular it is not yet clear how and to what extent the 2021 Banking 
Package may impact on CA Auto Bank’s operations. 
For a description of the EU Banking Reform Package applicable to the CA Auto Bank Group please 
see “Regulatory Aspects - EU Banking Reform Package” of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, on 18 April, 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further 
amendment of the BRRD, including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in 
insolvency to provide for a general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of 
Members States would be required by the BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of 
deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to all deposits. The implementation of this proposal is 
subject to further legislative procedures but if it is implemented in its current form, this would confirm 
the outcome currently applicable under Italian law, whereby the senior notes will rank junior to the 
claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits. 
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future CA Auto Bank may be 
required, in particular in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or 
after further requests by the supervisory authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; 
there is also a risk that CA Auto Bank may not be able to achieve and/or maintain (both at individual 
and consolidated level) the minimum capital or MREL requirements provided for by the legislation in 
force from time to time or established from time to time by the supervisory authority in the times 
prescribed therein, with potential material negative impact on its business and capital, economic and 
financial condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that CA Auto Bank may be subject to extraordinary 
actions and/or measures by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of the 
resolution tools as per the BRRD Decrees (as defined below). In particular, the impact of the resolution 
tools provided for by the BRRD Decrees on the rights of the Noteholders are further described in the 
section “Regulatory Aspects”. In this respect, please see “Regulatory Aspects - The Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive” and see “Regulatory Aspects – Revision to the BRRD framework” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risk related to changes to general corporate framework

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
CA Auto Bank Group must comply with consumer credit regulations adopted in European countries 
pursuant to the Directive 2008/48/EC, as amended from time to time, (the Consumer Credit 
Directive). The Consumer Credit Directive and other consumer protection legislations regulate matters 
such as advertising to consumers, information to borrowers regarding interest rates and loan conditions, 
pre-financing credit checks and the ability to cancel financing contracts and prepay loans. 
CA Auto Bank is also subject to applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, money 
laundering statutes and any rules, regulations and guidelines thereunder that are issued or enforced by 
any governmental agency and enacted in the jurisdictions of CA Auto Bank as well as those jurisdictions 
in which it operates and conducts its business. 
The costs of complying with the laws and regulations mentioned above, as well as with any additional 
regulation, could affect the conduct of the CA Auto Bank's business and negatively affect its financial 
condition. In addition, regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach 
to regulations and their enforcement that may not be to CA Auto Bank’s benefit. A breach of any 
regulations by CA Auto Bank could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities and CA Auto Bank 
could come under investigation and surveillance, and be involved in judicial or administrative 
proceedings. CA Auto Bank may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may 
require additional investments in systems, people and compliance and could subsequently place 
additional burdens or restrictions on CA Auto Bank. 
Changes in the regulatory framework and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or applied by the 
supervisory authorities may have a material effect on the CA Auto Bank Group’s business and 
operations. The manner in which the new framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied 
to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and 
regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the CA Auto Bank Group. 
Risks related to the business sector of CA Auto Bank 
The CA Auto Bank Group is dependent on the performance of the automotive sector 
Before the completion of the CACF Share Purchase the CA Auto Bank Group was one of the captive 
banks of the Stellantis Group, with a business model which was substantially dependent upon the sale 
of vehicles produced under some of the Stellantis Group’s brands, as well as by the sale of vehicles 
produced by Ferrari, Jaguar and Land Rover and by the business volumes of the other brands the CA 
Auto Bank Group cooperated with. Following the CACF Share Purchase, the CA Auto Bank Group is 
no longer the captive bank of the Stellantis Group and therefore the success of its business will largely 
depend on the new commercial relationships established in the last years, and those it will be able to 
form in the future with a variety of automotive manufacturers and brands in the markets and 
jurisdictions in which it will operate at such time. There can be no assurance that CA Auto Bank will 
be able to enter into new agreements with either the Stellantis Group, on equal or more advantageous 
terms than those in place before the completion of the CACF Share Purchase, or with other commercial 
partners, including contractual relationships with motor-vehicle dealerships offering retail finance and 
leases to their customers. For further details see “Description of CA Auto Bank – Commercial 
Partnerships”. 
A significant downturn in sales of motor vehicles in the markets in which the CA Auto Bank Group 
operates (for example, as a result of changes in regulation or consumer demand, the absence of 
government incentives designed to rejuvenate the fleet of circulating vehicles, increased competition, 
changes in the pricing of imported units due to currency fluctuations, significant increases in fuel prices, 
change in mobility habits, weak economic conditions arising from the global economic recession or 
other events) could have a material adverse effect on the CA Auto Bank Group's business and its results 
of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
In addition, the ability of the automotive manufacturers to which the CA Auto Bank Group provides 
services to maintain or improve their position in markets in which the CA Auto Bank Group currently 
operates is not assured. Failure to develop and offer products that compare favourably to those of their 
competitors, particularly in more profitable segments, in terms of price, quality, efficiency, technology 
(in particular the transition to electric vehicles), emissions, styling, reliability, safety, functionality or 
otherwise, or potential delays in bringing to market new models, may result in lower sales volumes, and 
may have a consequent material adverse effect on the CA Auto Bank Group's business prospects and 
economic results. 
The CA Auto Bank Group's income and revenue may be affected by a variety of factors over 
which it has no control 
The CA Auto Bank Group's earnings and financial position are influenced by a variety of factors over 
which it has no control, including increases or decreases in gross national product, the level of consumer 
and business confidence, changes in interest rates on consumer loans, the rate of unemployment, 
changes in the overall market for consumer or wholesale motor vehicle financing, changes in the level 
of sales in its market, changes in the finance industry's regulatory environment in the countries in which 
the CA Auto Bank Group conducts business, competition from other financiers, rates of default by its 
customers, availability of funding sources and changes in the financial markets. The realisation of any 
one or more of these factors could adversely affect the financial condition and result of operations of 
the CA Auto Bank Group. For example, the persistence of financial and political uncertainty might 
result in a decline in demand for the CA Auto Bank Group's products, and difficult conditions in global 
financial markets may adversely impact the CA Auto Bank Group's ability to access the funding 
markets. In Europe, despite the measures taken by several governments, international and supranational 
organisations and monetary authorities to provide financial assistance to Eurozone countries in 
economic difficulty and to face the possibility of default by certain European countries on their 
sovereign debt obligations, concerns persist regarding the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries 
and their ability to meet future financial obligations as well as the overall stability of the euro as a single 
currency. It remains difficult to predict the effect of recent Eurozone measures (as described above) on 
the economy and on the financial system. Potential developments in the international financial crisis 
could adversely affect the businesses and operations of the CA Auto Bank Group. 
The business success of CA Auto Bank Group depends to a large extent on the business success of the 
manufacturers to which it is currently a partner, and a drop in demand goes hand in hand with fewer 
new business volumes (e.g. financing, leasing and other services) for the CA Auto Bank Group, which 
may have a negative impact on the CA Auto Bank Group’s business.  
Moreover, macroeconomic uncertainty increased as a result of the heightened geopolitical tension 
between the Russian Federation and Ukraine. The Russia-Ukraine crisis has caused a sharp rise in 
commodities prices, further global supply-chain disruption, inflationary pressure, increase in interest 
rates and a tightening of financial conditions, heightened uncertainty, and a sharp drop in consumer 
confidence. In the early months of 2022, the economic growth recorded in 2021 lost momentum, albeit 
not due to the pandemic but to the geo-political context, as the Russia-Ukraine conflict poses a downside 
risk to the business cycle.  
The continuation of Russia's military invasion of Ukraine, which started on 24 February 2022, entails 
an increase of systemic risks. In particular, a long-lasting or widening conflict as well as economic 
sanctions imposed by the international community on Russia could have a negative impact on consumer 
and business confidence, curbing or postponing spending and investment decisions and, consequently, 
leading to a slowdown in the macroeconomic recovery. While the conflict did not pose direct risks to 
the CA Auto Bank Group, it did give rise to indirect ones, especially the energy crisis, which contributed 
significantly to the rise in inflation and interest rates, enhanced the risk of cybercrime and exacerbated 
the commodities crisis already underway. See further “Inflationary pressures may have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business” below. Furthermore, the shortage of raw materials, stemming from geo-

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
political tension linked to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, could further impact deliveries across the 
automotive sector and consequently affect financial conditions of CA Auto Bank Group.  
Inflationary pressures may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
The Group’s business and operations may be affected by the current inflation surge, which started 
around mid-2021 after a few decades of very low inflation and was accelerated by Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine.  
Since the gradual reopening of the global economy from the pandemic-induced lockdowns, inflation 
rates have picked up in most advanced economies around the world. In Italy, inflation increased by 5.3 
per cent. in September 2023 on an annual basis (Source: ISTAT, Consumer Price Index (CPI) – National 
Index / September 2023). 
The causes of the recent inflationary pressures are attributed to a variety of reasons, including a strong 
post-lockdown spike in demand, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, increased energy and fuel prices, and 
disruptions in supply chains due to other local or sector-specific factors, post-pandemic recovery and 
turmoil in the labour market, as well as significant increases in energy prices. The inflationary trend 
will depend largely on the distribution of shocks to the economy and how central banks (and finance 
ministries) will react, as well as on the duration of the war in Ukraine and its impact on energy prices, 
food prices, and global growth.  
The impact of inflationary pressures on the CA Auto Bank Group’s activities depends on the market 
rates and central banks’ monetary policy decisions on rates and, at present, it is difficult to predict. 
Further prolongation of inflationary pressures into 2024 could induce a rising trend in the ECB’s current 
interest rate policy, leading potentially to further interest rate hikes as occurred throughout this year 
where the ECB have announced a number of consecutive hikes in its main interest rate. It is possible 
that there will be a significant, and economically important, negative impact of inflation, which may 
have a material adverse effect on the business operations and economic results of the CA Auto Bank 
Group. Moreover, inflation is expected to put upward pressure on the CA Auto Bank Group’s financial 
costs and expenses.  
Should the inflation spike persist or increase further in the following months, this would adversely 
impact Italian households, businesses, banks and the Italian government. Reduced purchasing power of 
households, and increased costs for businesses, could reduce the size and/or the quality of the pool of 
prospective borrowers, and increase delinquency rates. On the fiscal side, it could lead to lower tax 
revenue, and induce higher government spending in relief measures. In addition, if inflation persists, 
the CA Auto Bank Group may have to identify effective means for hedging interest rate risk related to 
inflationary pressures and adjust its operations. Any failure of the CA Auto Bank Group to address or 
hedge persisting inflationary pressures could adversely affect its financial condition, capital adequacy 
and operating results. 
CA Auto Bank Group operates in a competitive market environment 
The CA Auto Bank Group's business is substantially dependent upon motor-vehicle dealerships 
continuing to provide retail finance and leases to new businesses. Since dealerships are free to enter 
into commercial partnerships with any financiers (either captive or independent), they can also 
introduce those financiers to their customers (other than in the case of promotional campaigns, whereby 
exclusivity rights of the finance captive company apply). Therefore, competition with captive and other 
independent financiers in respect of commission payments to dealerships may adversely affect the 
financial condition and results of operations of the CA Auto Bank Group. Following the CACF Share 
Purchase, CA Auto Bank is no longer the captive bank of the Stellantis Group and therefore it could 
face broader competition. Furthermore, the success of its business will be driven by its ability to develop

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
new business relationships with other automotive manufacturers and the dealerships connected to the 
brands of vehicles that such manufacturers produce. 
Risks related to the financial markets 
The CA Auto Bank Group's future performance depends upon, inter alia, its ability to fund its newly 
originated business at competitive conditions. Any downturn or turmoil in financial markets could 
determine unfavourable market conditions, with limited availability of competitive sources of financing 
and an increase in refinancing costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the CA Auto Bank 
Group's business prospects and economic results.  
Market turmoil and deteriorating macro-economic conditions may also have a material adverse effect 
on the liquidity, businesses and financial conditions of the CA Auto Bank Group's customers, which 
could in turn increase the ratio of the CA Auto Bank Group's non-performing loans, impair its loan and 
other financial assets and result in decreased demand for its products in general. Any of these conditions 
could have a material adverse effect on the CA Auto Bank Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
In addition, due to the difficulties of predicting the magnitude and duration of various economic cycles, 
CA Auto Bank is unable to offer any assurances about future trends in relation to potential tightening 
of credit in all major markets. There can be no certainty that possible measures taken by governments 
and financial authorities will succeed in restoring normal credit and trading conditions and many 
countries' economies could suffer from recession for a protracted period of time, which could negatively 
affect the CA Auto Bank Group's earnings and financial position. 
Risks associated with exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations  
The CA Auto Bank Group is subject to currency exchange rate risk in the ordinary course of its business 
to the extent that any of its legal entities finance their operations in a currency different from their 
domestic currency. Furthermore, the CA Auto Bank Group is subject to currency exchange rate risk in 
the ordinary course of its business as part of its economic result is recognised in currencies other than 
euro, but its financial statements are published in euro. 
In addition, a significant portion of the CA Auto Bank Group's indebtedness provides for repayments 
of interest at a floating rate, while the loans that the CA Auto Bank Group extends to its clients primarily 
provide for a fixed interest rate. Notwithstanding that the interest rate matching of assets and liabilities 
is provided for by CA Auto Bank Group's policies, the volatility and uncertainties in the financial 
markets may result in highly volatile interest rates and, as a result, in temporarily unhedged positions, 
thus impacting CA Auto Bank Group's profitability.  
CA Auto Bank manages both its foreign exchange risk on assets and liabilities and its interest rate risk 
through the use of financial hedging instruments. In the event that CA Auto Bank's hedging strategy 
does not succeed, CA Auto Bank may not be able to preserve its financial margin in case of adverse 
foreign exchange rates and/or interest rate fluctuations and may be unable to raise necessary funds in 
the markets. Despite the use of financial hedging instruments, sudden exchange rate or interest rate 
fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on CA Auto Bank's earnings. 
CA Auto Bank's activities are subject to credit and residual value risk 
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from a failure of a counterparty to repay a loan or meet the terms 
of any contract with CA Auto Bank or its subsidiaries, or otherwise to fail to perform as agreed. The 
level of credit risk on CA Auto Bank's loan portfolios is influenced primarily by two factors: the total 
number of contracts that might default and the amount of loss per occurrence, which in turn are

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
influenced by various economic factors. CA Auto Bank is also subject to the risk that a counterparty 
may fail to perform on its contractual obligations. 
CA Auto Bank's earnings or results of operations may also be affected by residual value risk, which is 
the risk that the estimated residual value in rental and lease contracts (to the extent such risk is not 
contractually borne by third parties) will not be recoverable at the end of the relevant contractual term. 
Residual value represents an estimate of the end of term market value of the asset. When the market 
value of a vehicle at contract maturity is less than its contractual residual value, there is a higher 
probability that the vehicle will be returned to CA Auto Bank. A higher rate of vehicle returns exposes 
CA Auto Bank to greater risk of loss at the end of the lease term. As a consequence of decreasing 
residual values, CA Auto Bank may have to post higher loss allowances, which may have a material 
adverse impact on this type of earnings.  
CA Auto Bank's business may be affected by the risks connected with the relationship of the 
United Kingdom with the European Union 
The United Kingdom (UK) left the European Union (EU) on 31 January 2020 at 11pm GMT and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm GMT. Therefore, the Treaty on the European 
Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) 
Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which 
governs relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which 
had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 
2021. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-
border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK.  
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be 
given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of CA Auto Bank to satisfy its obligations 
under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union; the possible exit of Scotland, Wales or 
Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom; the possibility that other European Union countries could 
hold similar referendums to the one held in the United Kingdom and/or call into question their 
membership of the European Union; and the possibility that one or more countries that adopted the Euro 
as their national currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency or prolonged 
periods of uncertainty connected to these eventualities could have significant negative impacts on global 
economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. These could include declines 
in equity market values, a further decrease in the value of the pound and, more generally, an increase 
in volatility in the financial markets and/or a reduction of liquidity in the global financial markets, with 
possible negative consequences on the asset prices, operating results and capital and/or financial 
position of CA Auto Bank and/or the CA Auto Bank Group.  
In addition to the above and in consideration of the fact that at the date of this Base Prospectus there is 
no legal procedure or practice in place for facilitating the exit of a Member State from the Euro, the 
consequences of these decisions are exacerbated by the uncertainty regarding the methods through 
which a Member State could manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the 
exchange rate between the newly adopted currency and the Euro. A potential collapse of the Eurozone 
could be accompanied by the deterioration of the economic and financial situation of the European 
Union and could have a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new 
difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses and involving considerable 
changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. This situation could therefore have a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
significant negative impact on the operating results and capital and financial position of CA Auto Bank 
and/or the CA Auto Bank Group. 
Credit ratings assigned to CA Auto Bank or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to CA Auto Bank or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Sufficiency or failure of risk management procedures  
The CA Auto Bank Group has defined a liquidity management framework aimed at managing its own 
financial needs in order to achieve its strategic objectives. 
Within this framework the CA Auto Bank Group has developed: 
• 
a financial strategy aimed at obtaining an efficient risk-return combination consistent with the 
Basel III regulation framework; and 
• 
a governance system to continuously implement this strategy.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The CA Auto Bank's Liquidity Risk Management framework has the following objectives: 
• 
allow CA Auto Bank to be solvent in both “business as usual” and stressed conditions under a 
liquidity crisis; 
• 
constantly ensure that an adequate amount of cash is held in relation to the defined objectives 
and limits; and 
• 
ensure compliance, according to the principle of proportionality, of the system of governance 
and management of liquidity risk with the relevant prudential supervisory provisions. 
 
Through the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (the ILAAP process) the CA Auto Bank 
Group performs an independent assessment of its liquidity adequacy, taking into account its risk profile 
and risk appetite. 
The Board of Directors is regularly involved in the definition of the liquidity and funding adequacy 
strategy and in the overall Liquidity Risk Management framework defined at Group level. 
Among other matters, the Board of Directors has to review and approve on a regular basis the following 
documentation: 
• 
Medium Term Business Plan and Budget (included Funding/Capital Plan); 
• 
Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) and Risk Strategy (RS); 
• 
Liquidity Risk Management Guidelines; 
• 
Contingency Funding Plan; and 
• 
ILAAP. 
The CA Auto Bank Group has been closely monitoring the Covid-19 pandemic, the shortage of raw 
materials that might impact on the manufacturers’ production of new vehicles, and the related impacts 
on liquidity since its inception. Several analyses have been provided to CA Auto Bank's governance 
bodies, shareholders and regulators, proving the liquidity adequacy in accordance with ILAAP. Should 
the risks and challenges actually materialise in a severe and adverse scenario, the occurrence of certain 
unforeseeable events, wholly or partly out of CA Auto Bank’s control, could substantially limit the 
effectiveness of risk management. As a result, there can be no assurance that CA Auto Bank could not 
suffer future material losses due to the inadequacy or failure of the above procedures. The occurrence 
of one or more of the risks above could adversely affect the results of CA Auto Bank’s operations, 
business and financial position.  
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage generally in 
lending, advisory, corporate finance, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions, with, 
and may perform services for CA Auto Bank and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans and the Notes issued under the Programme) 
or any hedging agreements thereon for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, 
including securities and/or instruments of CA Auto Bank or its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to such entities consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
views in respect of securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of CA Auto Bank or its respective affiliates. 
Furthermore, CA Auto Bank may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could 
be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between any calculation agent appointed in respect of a Tranche 
of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgments that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes that may 
influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this paragraph, affiliates include also parent companies. 
Risks related to legal proceedings 
In the course of its operating activities, the CA Auto Bank Group could become subject to legal disputes, 
public authorities’ investigations or other official proceedings in Italy as well as abroad. In particular, 
but not limited to the following scenarios, such proceedings may be initiated by relevant authorities, 
suppliers, dealers, customers, employees, or investors and could relate to, inter alia, legal and regulatory 
requirements, competition issues, ethical issues, money laundering laws, data protection laws, non-
compliance with civil law and information security policies. For the companies involved, these 
proceedings may result in payments, regulatory sanctions or other obligations. Complaints brought by 
suppliers, dealers, investors or other third parties may also result in significant costs, risks or damages 
for the CA Auto Bank Group. There may be investigations by public authorities into circumstances of 
which the CA Auto Bank Group is currently not aware, or which have already arisen or will arise in the 
future, including in relation to alleged violations of supervisory, competition or criminal laws. 
Litigation is inherently uncertain and the CA Auto Bank Group could experience significant adverse 
results regardless of the merits of any alleged claims or outcomes of proceedings in which it is directly 
or indirectly involved. A negative outcome in one or more of such legal proceedings may adversely 
affect CA Auto Bank’s or the CA Auto Bank Group’s results of operations and financial condition. In 
addition, adverse publicity relating to allegations involving the CA Auto Bank Group may cause 
significant reputational harm that could have a material adverse effect on the CA Auto Bank Group. 
Further, certain CA Auto Bank affiliated entities are or may become subject to litigation and 
investigations by public bodies, and have been or may become subject to fines or other penalties. These 
factors could affect the business of such affiliates and, accordingly, could have a negative effect on CA 
Auto Bank’s or the CA Auto Bank Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on CA Auto Bank’s or the CA Auto Bank 
Group’s business, financial position, results of operations and its reputation (for further details of 
ongoing legal and regulatory proceedings affecting CA Auto Bank and the CA Auto Bank Group, see 
“Description of CA Auto Bank – Regulatory and Legal Proceedings”).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to  Notes generally; 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; and 
Risks related to the Notes in connection with the market generally. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions, which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or 
with electronic consents, as further described under Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and 
Modification, Waiver). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in 
English law or by applicable provisions of any other relevant law or administrative practice. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or any other applicable law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus 
and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Potential conflicts of interest. 
The proceeds of any Notes issued under the Programme may be used, in whole or in part, to repay loan 
facilities which the CA Auto Bank Group may have, from time to time, with financial institutions which 
may, or which may have companies within their groups which may, be Dealers under the Programme. 
The Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage generally in 
lending, advisory, corporate finance, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions, with, 
and may perform services for CA Auto Bank and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of CA Auto Bank or their respective affiliates. 
100 per cent. of CA Auto Bank’s share capital is owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, a 
subsidiary of Crédit Agricole. CA Auto Bank currently has ten directors, of which two being 
independent. In addition, Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance currently provides a significant portion of 
the total funding sources of CA Auto Bank and its subsidiaries. As a result, Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance and other entities of the Crédit Agricole Group may have interests which could conflict with 
the interests of the holders of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Furthermore, CA Auto Bank may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could 
be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between any calculation agent, appointed in respect of a Tranche 
of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and 
judgments that such calculation agent may make pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes that may 
influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
Impact of the potential application of the bail-in tool 
Investors should be aware that the Notes may be subject to the application of the bail-in tool, which 
may adversely affect the market value of the Notes and/or result in the holders losing some or all of 
their investment. The exercise of the bail-in tool, or any other power under the BRRD, including any 
suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the 
rights of holders of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under inter alia 
the Notes.  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to Condition 6.4 “Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the Issuer”, (i) there 
is no obligation under such Condition for the Issuer to inform investors if and when 75 per cent. or more 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of a particular Series of Notes have been redeemed or purchased 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, and (ii) the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-
Up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in 
a loss of capital invested. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including EURIBOR and WIBOR) 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority or registered on the Financial Conduct Authority 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could,

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The Euro risk free-rate working group for the Euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new Euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the Euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the Euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference 
Rate may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as 
defined in the Conditions) otherwise occurs.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Conditions), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Conditions of the Notes to 
ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser). An adjustment spread, if applied 
could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible 
to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread 
may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread 
can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate 
of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an 
adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or as intended at 
the relevant time. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is 
determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser, there is a risk that 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark 
replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates  
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or €STR, the Rate of Interest will be 
determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily €STR or, in the case of 
SONIA, by reference to a specified index (all as further described in the Conditions of the Notes). All 
such rates are based on ‘overnight rates’. Overnight rates differ from interbank offered rates (IBORs)  
in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, 
risk-free overnight rates, whereas IBORs are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that overnight 
rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme 
compared to interbank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is 
nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and 
in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing such overnight rates.  
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that 
the market continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an 
alternative to interbank offered rates such as IBORs. Market participants, industry groups and/or central 
bank-led working groups continue to explore compounded and weighted average rates and observation 
methodologies for such rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, and ‘lock-out’ methodologies) and such 
groups may also explore forward-looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates.  The 
adoption of overnight rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates 
transferring from IBORs or another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly 
from those set out in the Conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, the 
methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of certain Notes may be calculated could change during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA or €STR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA or €STR-referenced Notes issued by 
it under the Programme. The nascent development of overnight rates as interest reference rates for the 
Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Notes which reference overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in 
contrast to IBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as a 
result of an Event of Default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not 
an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be 
determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially when compared with the application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same 
currencies in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing overnight rates.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to any such Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to the Notes in connection with the market generally 
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies are 
being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to CA Auto Bank or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to CA Auto Bank or the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non – EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA – registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out in the cross-reference tables below, which is contained in the following 
documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. Any information contained in the following documents, but not included in the cross-
reference tables set out below, is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors 
rather than information required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation. 
(a) 
the Terms and Conditions contained in the Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2022 (which can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.ca-autobank.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/FCA_Bank_EMTN_Update_2022_-_Base_Prospectus_-
_FINAL_VERSION.pdf:), pages 62 to 100 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme; 
 
(b) 
the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements1, together with the auditors’ report thereon (which 
can be found on the following website: https://www.ca-autobank.com/en/investor-
relations/statements-and-reports), including the information set out therein at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
Pages 106-107 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 108 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Page 109 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Pages 110 – 111 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Page 112 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 115 – 301 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements         
Pages 315 – 322 
(c) 
management reports and the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements2, together with the 
auditors’ report thereon (which can be found on the following website: https://www.ca-
autobank.com/en/investor-relations/statements-and-reports), including the information set out 
therein at the following pages in particular: 
The Business Lines 
Pages 25-33 
The Pillars of FCA Bank’s ESG Strategy 
Pages 49-50 
Financial Strategy 
Pages 59-62 
Results of Operations 
Pages 77-85 
Own Fund and Capital Ratios 
Page 86 
Personnel Management 
Page 452 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 100-101 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 102 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 103 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 104-105 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 106 
 
1 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements refer to FCA Bank S.p.A. that, as disclosed in “Description of CA Auto Bank – History and 
Developments”, has changed its legal name in CA Auto Bank S.p.A..   
2 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements refer to FCA Bank S.p.A. that, as disclosed in “Description of CA Auto Bank – History and 
Developments”, has changed its legal name in CA Auto Bank S.p.A..

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 108-344 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements                 
Pages 356-364 
 
(d) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial report of CA Auto Bank for the six months ended 
30 June 2023, together with the auditors’ limited review report thereon (which can be found on 
the following website: https://www.ca-autobank.com/en/investor-relations/statements-and-
reports/), including the information set out therein at the following pages in particular: 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
Pages 114 – 115 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 116 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Page 117 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Pages 118 – 119 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Page 120 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 122 – 188 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the Consolidated Financial 
Statements         
Pages 189 – 191 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the Global 
Notes) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for 
definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available or (iii), unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has or will become 
subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9. In 
such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any 
part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the 
Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed 
of Covenant) dated 9 October 2023 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance 
or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors 
for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable. 
4  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - In connection with 
Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as 
capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products.]5 
[Date] 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A., acting through its Irish branch 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300V1VN70Q7PQ7234 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 October 2023 [and the supplements[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document [constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and]6 must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
http://www.ca-autobank.com and is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, 33 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB. 
 
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they 
have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA. 
6 This statement should be removed in the case of an issuance of unlisted Notes or Notes listed on any third country 
market, SME growth market or MTF.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2022 which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 9 October 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 9 October 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on http://www.ca-
autobank.com and is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, 33 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other description consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A. acting through its Irish 
branch 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 
below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]]]/[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ]

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Condition 4.1): 
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes] – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[] month [EURIBOR/WIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily €STR]] +/- 
[     ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [  ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 
and 15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21])] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
[Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Condition 4.1): 
 
 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Condition 4.1): 
 
 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below 
/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Preceding 
Business 
Day][Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[    ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[ ] month [EURIBOR/WIBOR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR] 
(ii) 
Term Rate: 
(iii) 
Overnight Rate:  
• 
Index 
Determination:  
o 
Relevant 
Number: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[5/ 
[ 
]] 
[[London 
Banking 
Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, 
delete “Relevant Number” and complete the 
remaining bullets below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, 
insert number of days (expected to be five or 
grater) as the Relevant Number, and the 
remaining bullets below will each be “Not 
Applicable”)  
• 
D:  
[360/365/[ ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method:  
[Lag/ Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
o 
Lag Period:  
[5 / [ ] [London Banking Days] [TARGET 
Business Days] [Not Applicable] 
o 
Observation 
Shift Period:  
[5 / [ ] [London Banking Days] [TARGET 
Business Days] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
(iv) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[the second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the 
start 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period 
if 
EURIBOR]/[second Warsaw business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if 
WIBOR]/[and the [first] London Banking Day 
falling after the last day of the relevant 
Observation Period if SONIA]/[[ ] [TARGET/[ 
]] Business Days [in [ ]] prior to the [ ]day in each 
Interest Period/each Interest Payment Date][The 
[first/[ ] TARGET Business Day falling after the 
last day of the relevant Observation Period if 
€STR] 
(v) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[36/360] 
[Actual/360] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Maximum period: [    ] days 
 
Minimum period: [    ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Maximum period: [    ]  days 
 
Minimum period: [    ]  days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
20. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Clean-Up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent] 
(b) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[    ]  per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[    ]  per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]] 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.](7) (1) 
 
7 Include for notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
(N.B. The  option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].)”  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of CA Auto Bank S.p.A., acting 
through its Irish branch 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
PART B– OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading [Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
Trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [    ].] 
[Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
Trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate and total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[    ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European 
Union 
and 
is 
registered 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).] [Each of [defined terms] is 
established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation).] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
CRA entity] is not established in the [European 
Union] and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended)[. 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is therefore not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
CRA entity] is not established in the [European 
Union] and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered CRA entity] in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity] is established in the 
[European Union] and registered under the CRA 
Regulation[. As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity] is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The 
European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in 
the EU by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
CRA entity] is not established in the [European 
Union] and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation), but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation[[ 
[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation] [ [OR:] 
although notification of the corresponding 
certification decision has not yet been provided by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].]  
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] 
is established in the [European Union] and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [ and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant CRA entity] is not included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation].]  
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
CRA entity] is not established in the [European 
Union] and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in 
[the European Union], disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of 
the relevant non-EU CRA entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in 
the EU by the relevant market participants.]  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for [the/any] fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parent companies) 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, corporate finance, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER – USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS 
(i) Use of Proceeds: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:  
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”) 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give Details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here) 
[          ]  
 [         ] 
5. 
YIELD 
(Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[    ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
[    ] 
(i) 
ISIN: 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[    ]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing 
system notices for the purposes of 
Condition 13: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been 
given on the [second] [business] day after the day 
on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the Notes designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): [Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(ix) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/WIBOR/SONIA/€STR], 
which 
[is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
(x) 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
statement 
on 
benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
[(ESMA)] pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)].  [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[EURIBOR/WIBOR/€STR/SONIA] does 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the 
administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration]]. (repeat as necessary)] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by CA Auto Bank S.p.A., acting through 
its Irish branch (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 9 October 2023 and made between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together 
referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons 
or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or 
talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the Deed 
of Covenant) dated 9 October 2023 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear (as defined 
below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof 
of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Central Bank of Ireland and that of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by 
the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of 
Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
2.1 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) 
ranking pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to mandatorily 
preferred obligations under applicable laws) with all other present and future outstanding 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other than obligations ranking junior 
to the Notes from time to time (including any obligations permitted or required by law to rank 
junior to the Notes following the Issue Date), if any). 
2.2 
Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off or netting 
arrangements or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such a Note and which would in practice undermine the Notes’ 
capacity to absorb losses. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the 
Issuer will not (unless previously authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders) create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other security interest (each a Security Interest) other than a Permitted 
Encumbrance upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets (including uncalled 
capital), present or future, to secure any Quoted Indebtedness (as defined below), unless in any 
such case the same security (or such other security as may be approved by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders) shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
(i) 
Permitted Encumbrance means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing at the Issue Date (including any additional 
Security Interest required to be given pursuant to that Security Interest); 
(c) 
any Security Interest in respect of an aggregate amount or amounts which, 
individually or in the aggregate, represent not more than 20 per cent. of the 
total assets of the Issuer as disclosed in the most recent audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created on receivables used in any asset-backed 
financing; and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(e) 
any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer over (A) any revenues 
or receivables (the Charged Assets) in connection with any securitised 
financing or like arrangements whereby all or substantially all the payment 
obligations in respect thereof are to be discharged solely from, or from the 
revenues generated by, the Charged Assets or (B) a segregated pool of assets 
in respect of Indebtedness issued by the Issuer in the form of covered bonds; 
(ii) 
Quoted Indebtedness means any Indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities and which at the time of issue 
is, or is capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter market or other securities market; and 
(iii) 
Indebtedness means any loan or other indebtedness for borrowed money, present or 
future, of the Issuer or any other person and any guarantee of such loan or other 
indebtedness as aforesaid. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form) shall 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
(a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case 
of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(E) 
the Modified Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the previous calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.  
In these Conditions, Business Day means:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified below. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate 
This Condition 4.2(b)(i) applies where “Term Rate” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be “Applicable”.  
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the 
Eurozone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the Warsaw interbank offered rate 
(WIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR or Warsaw time in the case of WIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate –Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination  
This Condition 4.2(b)(ii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) 
“Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as the 
Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” to be “Not Applicable”. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 
4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
D  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 365); 
do  
means: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in:  
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period, 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Accrual 
Period, or as the case may be, such Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni  
for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due;  
p  
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); 
or 
(ii)  where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
London Banking Days); 
SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day 
(LBDx), is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for such LBDx as provided by the administrator 
of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking 
Day “i”; or  
(ii)  where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London 
Banking Day “i”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of 
Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A) above, in respect 
of any London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is 
required to be determined, such SONIA reference rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as:  
(1) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) 
on such London Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days in respect of which a SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate under (1)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, 
either (A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the 
SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if 
this is more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(A) above shall be construed accordingly. 
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(ii), and without prejudice to 
Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Rate of Interest shall be:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on 
which the Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period); or  
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (applying 
the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest 
Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination  
This Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) 
“Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as the 
Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” to be “Applicable”. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 
4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and as provided below, be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA Rate with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded 
daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the SONIA Compounded 
Index) and in accordance with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =  
where: 
d 
x 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA 
Index 
Compounded 
SONIA 
Start 
End 
365 
1 





−

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
d  
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual 
Period).  
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for 
which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily 
SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii) above as if “Index 
Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Not 
Applicable”, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to 
be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms.  
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily €STR – Non-
Index Determination  
This Condition 4.2(b)(iv) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) 
“Overnight Rate” to be ‘Applicable’; (2) “Compounded Daily €STR” as the Reference 
Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” to be ‘Not Applicable’. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 
4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Euro 
short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
the €STR reference rate, in respect of any TARGET Business Day (TBDx), 
is a reference rate equal to the daily Euro short-term rate (€STR) for such 
TBDx as provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published 
by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Business 
Day immediately following TBDx (in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of 
such rate); 
€STRi  means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the TARGET Business Day falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Business Day “i”; or  
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant TARGET 
Business Day “i”. 
d  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
D  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
do  
means:

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in:  
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Period; 
ni  
for any TARGET Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such TARGET Business Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other 
Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due;  
p  
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days specified as the 
“Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
so specified, five TARGET Business Days); or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days 
specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five TARGET Business 
Days); and 
TARGET Business Day means any day on which the T2 is open. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any Rate of 
Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A) above, in respect 
of any TARGET Business Day in respect of which an applicable €STR 
reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not 
made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
in respect of such TARGET Business Day shall be the €STR reference rate for 
the first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect of which €STR reference 
rate was published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
(C)  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) but without prejudice to 
Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with the provisions of Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(C). 
(v) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any 
other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period 
from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 4.4 and the Agency Agreement. 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (or other Interest Accrual Period). In this Condition 
4.2, Calculation Agent means the Principal Paying Agent or such other party identified as the 
Calculation Agent in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period (or other Interest Accrual Period) by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × M2 – M1] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × M2 – M1] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × M2 – M1] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(d) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
This Condition 4.2(e) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Term Rate” to be 
“Applicable”. 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies “Overnight Rate” to be “Applicable”, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the second 
Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
4.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 4.2(b)(i) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate), Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes – Overnight Rate –Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
-Non-Index Determination), Condition 4.2(b)(iv) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes –Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination) and Condition 
4.2(b)(v) (Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate- Compounded Daily €STR- Non-Index 
Determination), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition  4.3(c) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3(a) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.3. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.3(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is 
unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.3(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the 
case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to 
the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall 
be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4.3(a) shall apply to

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines that: 
i. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition  4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4.3); or 
ii. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.3(c) (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.3). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 4.3(d) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 4.3(a) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or 
necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.3(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to 
be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent 
Authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.3(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.3, or as applicable, any 
determination by the Issuer that no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will 
be adopted and that no amendments to the Terms and Conditions of any series of Notes to effect 
any Benchmark Amendments shall be made and that the fallbacks provided under Condition 
4.3(d) above shall apply, will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent and each Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders or Couponholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 4.3(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 4.3(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer or Independent Adviser (as 
applicable) determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 4.3(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.3(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be published or administered on a permanent or indefinite 
basis; or 
(b) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(d) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used, is 
no longer (or will no longer be) representative of its underlying market or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case in circumstances 
where the same shall be applicable to the Notes; or 
(e) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b) to (d) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on:  
(i) 
in the case of (b) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the Original 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
in the case of (c) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
in the case of (d) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited 
from use, is deemed no longer to be representative or becomes subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences (as applicable),  
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the 
relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (i), (ii) or (iii) above, as applicable);

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant 
situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4.3(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
or, if applicable, any other successor or alternative rate (or any component part thereof) 
determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this Condition 4.3; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
5.2 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, to 
(i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment or other 
laws and regulations to which the Issuer or the Agents are subject, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
5.3 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Eurocloear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to 
Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii) 
any Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(iii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which T2 is open; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.6, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders 
(i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by 
lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
6.4 
Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up call option (the Clean-Up Call Option) is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Clean-Up Call Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of 
Notes pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues)) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given 
to the Agent and the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice (the 
Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes 
in that Series, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up redemption amount (Clean-Up 
Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption 
Notice, provided that the Issuer may not redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
6.4 (Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) if any Notes of the same Series have 
been redeemed in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)). 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Change of Control Put) 
If: 
(a) 
Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
expiry of such notice (the Investor Put Notice Period); and/or 
(b) 
Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Put 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 13 during the period ending on the 60th day following the public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control (the CoC Notice Period and, together with 
the Investor Put Notice Period, each a Notice Period), 
the Issuer will redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (which shall, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 7th Business Day after the expiration of the 
relevant Notice Period) and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the relevant Notice Period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition 6.5 and the Put Notice must be accompanied by 
this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must (within the relevant Notice Period) give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
a Change of Control will be deemed to have occurred if Crédit Agricole Group ceases 
at any time to be the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of at least 50 per cent. of 
the issued voting share capital of CA Auto Bank; 
(ii) 
Crédit Agricole Group means the Caisses Régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel, 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and their respective subsidiaries from time to time and their 
successors or assigns; 
(iii) 
Investment Grade, with reference to a Rating, means a credit rating at least equal to 
BBB-/Baa3 or better; 
(iv) 
a Negative Rating Action will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(A) 
a Rating that is Investment Grade is either withdrawn or reduced to below Investment 
Grade; or 
(B) 
a Rating that is already below Investment Grade is either withdrawn or lowered at least 
one notch (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 and BB+ to BB being one notch); 
(v) 
a Negative Rating Event will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(A) 
the Issuer does not, either prior to or not later than the 14th day after the date of the 
public announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and 
thereupon use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a Rating; or 
(B) 
the Issuer does seek a Rating and use such endeavours to obtain it, but it is unable, as 
a result of such Change of Control, to obtain a Rating of Investment Grade; 
(vi) 
a Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if, during the period from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, there occurs a Change of Control 
and, during the period ending on the 30th day after the date of the public announcement 
of the occurrence of the Change of Control, either (A) (if at the time that the Change 
of Control occurs there is a Rating) a Rating Downgrade resulting from that Change of 
Control occurs or (B) (if at such time there is no Rating) a Negative Rating Event 
resulting from that Change of Control occurs; 
(vii) 
Rating means any long-term rating assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency; 
(viii) 
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors (Moody's), Fitch Ratings Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries or their successors 
(Fitch) and Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill 
Companies Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or their successors (S&P), or any rating 
agency substituted for any of them (or any permitted substitute of them) from time to 
time; and

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(ix) 
a Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred if: 
(A) 
there are one or two then current Ratings and a Negative Rating Action occurs in 
relation to any such Rating; or 
(B) 
there are three then current Ratings and a Negative Rating Action occurs in relation to 
any two such Ratings; 
(x) 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, 
any other person (the second person): 
(A) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(B) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person. 
6.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will 
be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number 
of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 
30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
6.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.7 above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to 
the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 6.6 above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 5.6);

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(d) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds on account 
of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of l April 1996 and any 
related implementing regulations (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time); or 
(e) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax 
authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption; or 
(f) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, 
to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or to a 
non-Italian resident individual either of which is resident in a country which does not allow for 
a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(g) 
presented for payment in Ireland by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying 
Agent outside Ireland. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes or 
the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) 
(any such withholding or deduction, a FATCA Withholding). Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholdings. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Ireland (exclusive of Northern Ireland) or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of 
payments by the Issuer) or the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is organised or resident for tax purposes or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
5.3 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.3.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 14 days after the date when due in the payment of 
principal or interest (if any) due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance of any other obligation under the Notes (a) which 
is incapable of remedy or (b) which, being a default capable of remedy, continues for 
30 days after written notice of such default has been given through the Agent by the 
holder of any Note to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
if: 
(A) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer (other than the Notes) in an 
aggregate principal amount of €50,000,000 or more or its equivalent in any other 
currency is declared prematurely repayable by reason of a default in the payment 
thereof and such acceleration has not been validly waived, rescinded or annulled within 
10 Business Days of the declaration thereof or otherwise in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Indebtedness for Borrowed Money; 
(B) 
the Issuer fails to honour any guarantee for Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in an 
aggregate amount of €50,000,000 or more or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(iv) 
any final order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or resolution 
passed by the Issuer for the dissolution, liquidation, examinership, administration or 
winding-up of the Issuer or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, examiner or 
trustee of the Issuer or of all or a substantial part of their respective assets; or 
(v) 
the Issuer shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall admit to creditors generally 
an inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be finally adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent, or shall enter into any composition or other arrangement with its 
creditors generally (including without limitation, the procedures of amministrazione 
straordinaria or liquidazione coatta amministrativa, within the meanings ascribed to 
those expressions by the laws of Italy); or 
(vi) 
the Issuer ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business unless such cessation, or 
threatened cessation, is in connection with a merger, consolidation or any other form 
of combination with another company and such company in the case of the Issuer, 
assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying 
Agent, declare any Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the 
same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 6.6), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9: 
Business Day means a day on which commercial banks settle payments and are open for 
general business in London, Dublin and Turin; and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any loan or other indebtedness for borrowed 
money, present or future, of any person. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of 
such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of  any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (a) published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and if 
the guidelines of that exchange so require, filed with the Companies Announcements Office of 
Euronext Dublin. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in 
London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION, WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date 
of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the 
amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency 
of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters in

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the persons voting on the 
resolution upon a show of hands or, if a poll was demanded, by a majority consisting of not less 
than three-quarters of the votes given on the poll, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of all the Noteholders or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on or, in the case 
of a written Extraordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution passed by electronic 
consents, signed or provided electronic consents to, the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.3 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 17.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of its nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (a Dispute) and accordingly each 
of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints CA Auto Finance UK Ltd at its registered office at 250 Bath 
Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 4DX for the time being in England as its agent for service of 
process, and undertakes that, in the event of CA Auto Finance UK Ltd ceasing so to act or 
ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
17.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above. 
18. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF STATUTORY BAIL-IN POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-
down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes 
and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the 
Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by 
means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of 
the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Bail-in Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give 
notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the 
Notes described in this clause. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall 
continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable 
with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to 
reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
As used in these Conditions: 
Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to 
time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements whether relating to the resolution or 
independent of any resolution action of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group 
Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant 
Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the context 
of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, 
pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities 
can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other 
person; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
Group Entities means CA Auto Bank or any legal person that is part of the Crédit Agricole 
Group; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled 
to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including by the SRM2 Regulation); and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
SRM2 Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes 
will be applied by CA Auto Bank for its general corporate purposes, including refinancing of existing 
indebtedness and making a profit. If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CA AUTO BANK  
1. 
OVERVIEW 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A. (CA Auto Bank), formerly named FCA Bank S.p.A., was incorporated 
in the Republic of Italy on 15 January 2002 with a limited duration to 31 December 2100, and 
is currently incorporated in the form of a joint-stock company (societá per azioni) pursuant to 
the provisions of the Italian Civil Code and operating under the laws of the Republic of Italy. It 
is registered at the company registry in Turin, Italy under number 08349560014. Its registered 
office is at Corso Orbassano 367, 10137 Turin, Italy and its telephone number is +39 011 
0032090. For the purposes of the Programme, CA Auto Bank is acting through its Irish branch. 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A., Irish branch was registered with the Irish Companies Registration Office 
under external company number 908579 on 9 December 2016. CA Auto Bank’s website is 
https://www.ca-autobank.com. The information on this website and any other website specified 
in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
CA Auto Bank is both the holding company of the CA Auto Bank Group, which is one of the 
largest car finance and leasing groups in Europe, and the Italian operational arm of the CA Auto 
Bank Group. CA Auto Bank was granted a banking license by the Bank of Italy in December 
2014 and was enrolled in the register of banks and in the register of banking groups on 14 
January 2015. As at 30 June 2023, CA Auto Bank’s issued share capital was €700,000,000 
divided into 700,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1 each.  
In December 2006 CA Auto Bank was established as a joint venture between FCA Italy, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Stellantis, and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Crédit Agricole operating in the consumer credit sector. FCA Italy and Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance each held 50 per cent. of CA Auto Bank’s issued share capital 
pursuant to the JVA.  
The JVA entered into by FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance 
was terminated on 3 April 2023 and the Issuer became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit 
Agricole Consumer Finance. For further information see “Description of CA Auto Bank – 
History and Developments” below. 
2. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The CA Auto Bank Group comprises subsidiaries and branches that have been operating in the 
financing business for a number of years, extending credit to its customers since the early part 
of the 1920s, and the existing international retail and wholesale finance activities were carried 
out by various companies over time. 
In May 2003, Fidis Retail Italia S.p.A. (subsequently denominated FCA Bank S.p.A. and now 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A.) (FRI), then a recently-incorporated corporation, was de-merged from 
FCA Italy, with a 51 per cent. stake transferred to Synesis Finanziaria S.p.A., a company owned 
by a pool of major Italian banks. FRI managed, through its subsidiaries, the retail financing 
activities of FCA Italy in Europe. 
On 24 July 2006, a joint venture agreement between Fiat Auto S.p.A. (currently FCA Italy as 
defined above) and Sofinco S.A. (currently Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance as defined 
above) was announced. A stock purchase agreement was signed on 14 October 2006 and the 
transaction was approved by the European Antitrust Commission on 5 December 2006. On 28 
December 2006, the JVA was executed and became effective, providing for a minimum term 
of eight years and the possibility of being indefinitely extended thereafter. On the same date:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
• 
FCA Italy exercised a call option on the 51 per cent. stake of FRI formerly owned 
by Synesis Finanziaria S.p.A.; 
• 
FRI’s wholly-owned Italian subsidiary, Fiat SAVA S.p.A., was merged into FRI; 
• 
FRI was included in the special register of financial intermediaries held by the 
Bank of Italy under Article 107 of the Italian Banking Law; 
• 
FCA Italy’s equity interests in companies operating in the dealer network 
financing and fleet rental sectors in Europe were brought together under FRI; 
• 
FCA Italy financed a share capital increase in order to provide the Joint Venture 
with financial resources adequate for the increased portfolio and in line with the 
foreseen expansion of volumes; and 
• 
FCA Italy sold to Sofinco S.A. 50 per cent. of the share capital of FRI. 
The Issuer had been since December 2006 a joint venture between FCA Italy, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Stellantis and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Crédit Agricole, each holding 50 per cent. of CA Auto Bank's issued share capital, operating 
under the name of CA Auto Bank. 
The name of the Issuer was then changed the day after to Fiat Auto Financial Services S.p.A. 
and subsequently to Fiat Group Automobiles Financial Services S.p.A., when Fiat Auto S.p.A. 
changed its name to Fiat Group Automobiles S.p.A. 
On 1 January 2009, the Issuer changed its name to FGA Capital S.p.A and subsequently, on 14 
January 2015, to FCA Bank S.p.A. and on 3 April 2023, to CA Auto Bank S.p.A. 
Having obtained its banking license in December 2014, on 14 January 2015, CA Auto Bank 
was enrolled in the register of banks and the register of banking groups with registration number 
5764 and bank code 3445. 
Since December 2006, FCA Italy, Crédit Agricole and Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, as 
the original parties to the JVA, had entered into several JVA Amendments to, amongst other 
things, extend the duration of the JVA, which was ultimately set to expire on 31 December 
2024.  
On 17 December 2021, Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis announced that they 
had commenced negotiations in order to redefine their cooperation in CA Auto Bank and 
Leasys. 
The transaction envisaged that Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance would have taken over 100% 
of the capital of CA Auto Bank and Drivalia (at that time, a 100% owned subsidiary of Leasys), 
by acquiring the 50 per cent. stakes currently owned by Stellantis (i.e. the CACF Share 
Purchase), such that these entities would have continued to operate their financing activities 
with other carmakers primarily under existing and future “white label” agreements. 
Furthermore, CA Auto Bank’s 100 per cent. shareholding in Leasys (other than its participation 
in Drivalia) has been transferred to a newly created leasing joint venture which would be equally 
owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis (Leasys’ current ultimate 
shareholders) (i.e. the Leasys Share Sale). 
In accordance with the announcements of 17 December 2021 and following the positive opinion 
of the staff representative bodies, on 1 April 2022 Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Stellantis announced they entered into binding agreements, as a result of which, Crédit Agricole 
Consumer Finance agreed to acquire 100% of the capital of CA Auto Bank and Drivalia, with 
the ambition of making it an independent and multi-brand pan-European leader in car financing, 
leasing and mobility thus giving effect to the Leasys Share Sale. 
On 21 December 2022 CA Auto Bank executed the Leasys Share Sale, transferring 100% 
shareholding in Leasys to a newly created joint venture vehicle, established in France, equally 
owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Stellantis (Leasys’ current indirect 
shareholders). 
On 3 April 2023 the CACF Share Purchase was completed and therefore the Issuer changed its 
name into CA Auto Bank and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance. 
3. 
FOREIGN BRANCHES 
On 25 May 2016, the board of directors of CA Auto Bank analysed and preliminarily approved 
a project involving the potential transformation of certain subsidiaries of CA Auto Bank into 
foreign branches. 
The project was aimed at simplifying the CA Auto Bank Group structure (subject to the 
obtaining of the relevant regulatory approvals). 
As part of this project, the cross-border merger (the Irish Merger) of FCA Capital Ireland p.l.c. 
with and into CA Auto Bank was completed and became effective on 1 January 2017 (the 
Effective Date) following the obtaining of the required authorisations from the Bank of Italy 
and the European Central Bank as well as the execution of the deed of merger relating to the 
Irish Merger. 
Pursuant to the Irish Merger, as of the Effective Date, FCA Capital Ireland p.l.c. ceased to exist 
as a legal entity and CA Auto Bank, under universal succession, succeeded to and assumed by 
operation of law all of the obligations, rights, interests, assets and liabilities of FCA Capital 
Ireland p.l.c. and, contemporaneously, all such obligations, rights, interests, assets and liabilities 
were allocated automatically to CA Auto Bank S.p.A., Irish branch. 
Following the Irish Merger, as of the Effective Date, the business, activities and operations of 
FCA Capital Ireland p.l.c. are carried out by CA Auto Bank S.p.A., Irish branch. 
In 2018, a Belgian Branch was established in the broader context of a reorganisation of the CA 
Auto Bank Group’s activities in Belgium. The Belgian Branch marks the establishment of CA 
Auto Bank’s retail banking business in Belgium and Luxembourg. On 28 August 2018, the 
authorisation process relating to the Belgian branch of CA Auto Bank established in 
Auderghem (Belgium) (the Belgian Branch) was completed by the National Bank of Belgium 
after having received approval from the European Central Bank. The Belgian Branch was 
included in the list of the credit institutions governed by the law of another Member State of 
the European Economic Area with a registered branch in Belgium.  
An agreement to carry out the cross-border merger of FCA Group Bank Polska with and into 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A. was signed on 19 December 2019. The merger, pursuant to Article 15 of 
Legislative Decree No. 108/2008, became effective from 1 January 2020 and FCA Group Bank 
Polska ceased to exist as a legal entity; contemporaneously, all obligations, rights, interests, 
assets and liabilities were allocated automatically to CA Auto Bank S.p.A. S.A. Oddział w 
Polsce. At the date of this Base Prospectus CA Auto Bank operates in Poland through CA Auto 
Bank S.p.A. S.A. Oddział w Polsce.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
In 2021, following the approach adopted with other subsidiaries in other countries, a France 
Branch and a Portugal Branch have been established. In particular, FCA Capital France S.A. 
and FCA Capital Portugal IFIC S.A. merged with and into CA Auto Bank, including for tax 
and accounting purposes. As of 1 December 2021 and 31 December 2021 respectively, CA 
Auto Bank S.p.A. operates in France and Portugal through a branch. 
On 1 July 2022, FCA Bank Deutschland GmbH merged with CA Auto Bank. The German 
Branch is established in the broader context of dynamic development of the CA Auto Bank 
Group's activities in Europe and operates under the name of CA Auto Bank S.p.A. 
Niederlassung Deutschland. 
On 29 September 2022, the cross-border merger of FCA Capital Espana E.F.C. S.A. with and 
into CA Auto Bank was completed; the effective date for tax and accounting purposes was also 
29 September 2022. Since that date, CA Auto Bank has been operating in the Spanish territory 
through its own branch. 
4. 
COMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS 
Notwithstanding that CA Auto Bank historically operated as the captive finance company of 
the brands formerly belonging to FCA (now Stellantis), since July 2008 the CA Auto Bank 
Group entered into various co-operation agreements with another manufacturer (other than 
Stellantis). On this basis, CA Auto Bank has gradually been developing a comprehensive range 
of financial products (both retail financing and dealer network financing) for its non-captive 
partner brands’ dealers and customers in several European countries.  
Currently, CA Auto Bank is the financial services provider of a number of manufacturers and 
multinational groups, under various cooperation agreements related to the distribution network 
and to final customers, in all CA Auto Bank’s European countries where such partners operate. 
For instance, CA Auto Bank entered into a co-operation agreement with Ferrari S.p.A. (Ferrari 
S.p.A.) in 2015, under which CA Auto Bank offers a comprehensive range of services dedicated 
to the dealer network and, at the retail level, to end buyers, of Ferrari S.p.A. except in markets 
covered by Ferrari Financial Services GmbH (FFS GmbH). 
On 7 November 2016, CA Auto Bank also acquired a majority interest of 50% + 1 share in FFS 
GmbH, previously an indirect subsidiary of Ferrari N.V. (Ferrari), which owns the remaining 
shareholding, for €18.6 million, pursuant to an agreement entered into by the parties in 2016. 
Thus, CA Auto Bank laid the groundwork for significant business growth: the alliance with 
Ferrari for the provision of financial services in Europe. FFS GmbH’s mission is to finance the 
end-customer business of Ferrari in Germany, Switzerland and United Kingdom. 
Furthemore, in 2022 an extensive process aimed at increasing the commercial partnerships on 
the open market started. This has led to the signing of commercial agreements with, amongst 
others, Tesla, Harley Davidson and  VinFast (a Vietnamese manufacturer of electric vehicles), 
Ford Trucks Italia (to provide financial services to selected dealers) Rapido (one of Europe’s 
leading manufacturers of motorhomes and leisure vehicles), DR Automobiles (a fast-growing 
Italian company), the Koelliker Group (a well-established importer and distributor of Asian 
automotive brands in Europe), Gruppo Campello (the European importer of XEV, an 
international brand known for electric quadricycles and microcars), Mazda Motor Belux (for 
the provision of financial services to end customers in Belgium and Luxemburg) and 
ElectricBrands (a German start-up known for its zero-emission models). All such new 
commercial agreements are additional to the historical partnerships with Erwin Hymer Group 
and Jaguar Land Rover, although the latter expired on 31 December 2022. In the first half of 
2023, worthy of note are those arrangements with Dongfeng Sokon Automobile, renowned for

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
its premium SUVs, as well as esteemed motorcycle brands Royal Enfield and KTM 
Sportmotorcycle. In the leisure sector, CA Auto Bank entered into an innovative agreement 
with Giottiline Company S.p.A., one of the most important Italian caravan manufacturers.  
In 2023, CA Auto Bank remained steadfast in its strategic pursuit of digitalization across 
processes and distribution channels. The introduction of a new e-commerce platform, offering 
a fully digital self-onboarding process for customers applying for car financing, was 
successfully extended to foreign markets. This digital initiative serves as a crucial support for 
major strategic partnerships, including the one with Tesla. Following the successful launch in 
Italy and Belgium in 2022, Tesla’s collaboration expanded to the Netherlands in February and 
subsequently to Luxembourg and the United Kingdom in the second quarter of 2023. CA Auto 
Bank plans to further extend this partnership in the second half of the year, with the upcoming 
launch in Spain, Portugal, Poland, Germany and France. 
Furthermore, CA Auto Bank intends to continue its process aimed at increasing the commercial 
partnerships, targeting, inter alia: 
• 
Manufacturers with no pan-European captive companies or ones that require 
modernization; and 
• 
new partners with needs in terms of electric vehicles production, independent 
distributors and white-label dealers. 
Effective 1 February 2023, the CA Auto Bank Group acquired Findio N.V., a company 
specialized in automotive financial services, originally part of Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance Nederland. 
On 22 March 2023 Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance announced that it had signed a binding 
agreement for the acquisition of the activities of ALD S.A. (ALD) and LeasePlan Corporation 
N.V. (LeasePlan) in six European countries, following ALD’s proposed acquisition of 100% 
of LeasePlan announced in January 2022.  
The acquisition carried out by CA Auto Bank, through its fully controlled subsidiary Drivalia 
of the activities of ALD in Ireland and Norway and of LeasePlan in the Czech Republic and in 
Finland, for a total of more than 70,000 vehicles, was announced on 4 August 2023. 
 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal Activities 
The CA Auto Bank Group’s business volumes are generally related to trends in the European 
car market, which saw 6.4 million cars and commercial vehicles in the first half of 2023 (up 
15% compared to the first half of 2022). 
In addition to the business activities related to the Italian market, CA Auto Bank operates as a 
financing company for the CA Auto Bank Group’s branches and subsidiaries, raising funds 
through bond issuances, loans, and other facilities, and providing intra-group credit facilities 
and specialised financial services to the CA Auto Bank Group companies. CA Auto Bank may 
also subscribe for asset-backed securities issued by special purpose vehicles in the context of 
retained securitisation transactions originated by CA Auto Bank Group companies. In order to 
optimise the management of cash resources at group level, CA Auto Bank has in place a cross-

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
border cash management system to serve the CA Auto Bank Group companies with a zero-
balancing structure. 
The CA Auto Bank Group has a diverse geographical spread, with operations in 18 European 
countries (Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, 
Ireland, Italy, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the 
United Kingdom) as well as in Morocco. 
The CA Auto Bank Group provides financial support for the sales of prime automotive 
manufacturers as well as of recreational vehicles and motorcycle manufacturers and importers. 
In 2022, new financing, leasing and rental/mobility volumes provided by the CA Auto Bank 
Group amounted to €13.2 billion and the most important activities of the CA Auto Bank Group 
in terms of receivables portfolio size were located in Italy, Germany, France, the United 
Kingdom and Spain. 
The CA Auto Bank Group has three main business lines: 
• 
Financing and leasing; 
• 
Wholesale financing; and 
• 
Rental/mobility. 
As at 30 June 2023, the three main business lines are located as follows: (i) 47 per cent. in Italy, 
(ii) 18 per cent. in Germany, (iii) 6 per cent. in France, (iv) 10 per cent. in the United Kingdom, 
(v) 4 per cent. in Spain and (vi) 15 per cent. in other regions. 
The following table shows the end of period assets of the CA Auto Bank Group by business 
line and the percentage this represented of the CA Auto Bank Group’s total assets, as at 30 June 
2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. 
Period end assets by business line  
 
As at 30 June 2023 
As at 31 December 2022 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Period end assets 
Percentage of 
total 
Period end assets 
Percentage 
of total 
Period end 
assets  
Percentage 
of total 
 
(€/mln) 
 
(€/mln) 
(€/mln) 
 
Financing and leasing  
20,440 
83% 
17,697                                         74% 
16,495 
66% 
Wholesale financing ..... 
3,456 
14% 
5,729                                          24% 
3,725 
15% 
Rental/Mobility ............ 
820 
3% 
400                                             2% 
4,602 
19% 
Total ............................. 
24,716 
100% 
23,8268                                  100% 
24,823 
100% 
 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the period end assets of the Financing and Leasing business 
line reached €20.4 billion, representing a significant increase of 15% compared to 31 December 
2022, as a consequence of the various agreement entered into as described before. The activities 
 
8 Excluding 5,477 of “Leasys Group”.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
of the Wholesale Financing business line decreased by 40% compared to 31 December 2022, to 
€3.5 billion, as a consequence of the progressive run-off of the Stellantis’ former Wholesale 
captive business. Finally, the period end assets of the Drivalia (Rental/Mobility) business line 
experienced substantial growth compared to 31 December 2022, reaching €0.8 billion. 
(a) 
Financing and Leasing 
The financing and leasing business line supports the sales to final customers of automotive 
manufacturers in Europe partners of CA Auto Bank. 
The CA Auto Bank Group’s retail financing business is carried out directly through local subsidiaries 
in most of the countries in which it operates. 
Product lines 
The financing and leasing business line offers a wide range of flexible and customised solutions, created 
to meet the various financing and mobility requirements of customers. The main products are: 
̶ 
Loans – these loans are aimed at financing the purchase of new or used vehicles of private 
clients and are generally fixed rate, with a number of pre-defined instalments payable over 
the contractual duration of the loan. The customer has the possibility to choose both the 
financed amount as a percentage of the vehicle list price and the duration of the contract. 
̶ 
Leasing – the vehicle is made available to the client in return for a monthly payment. At the 
end of the agreed period, the vehicle may be purchased by the client or the dealer at a pre-
agreed price. In some cases, additional maintenance and assistance services are also 
provided. The contract duration, the amount of down-payment and the residual value can be 
customised according to the requirements of customers, who are mainly professionals, self-
employed persons or entrepreneurs. 
̶ 
Personal Contract Purchase (PCP) – a financing programme that aims to provide clients 
with a way to manage their mobility requirements. The loan is repaid by the client in pre-
defined instalments over a given period (if any, otherwise the product would be a so-called 
Advance Payment Plan or APP), followed by a larger, final repayment. When the final 
repayment falls due, the client is given the option of concluding the loan by making the final 
repayment, refinancing the final repayment through a new loan, or ending the contract by 
returning the vehicle to the dealer in settlement of the final repayment. 
̶ 
Demo Cars (Demo) – lending to dealers for every registered vehicle used for test driving 
purposes.  
̶ 
Commercial Lending – lending to car rental companies. 
The percentage of the total retail financing loan portfolio generated in the first half of 2023 by product 
was around 58 per cent. for auto loans, 16 per cent. for leasing, 12 per cent. for PCP loans and 14 per 
cent. for demo and commercial lending. 
Additional services 
The CA Auto Bank Group, in cooperation with prime international insurance companies, offers its 
clients a series of customised services linked to the relevant loan product, such as credit protection 
insurance, third party liability, glass etching, roadside assistance, fire/theft insurance policies, full 
damage waiver, GAP (Guaranteed Asset Protections) insurance, service plan and maintenance and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
extended warranties. Other insurance provided includes coverage in relation to death, disability, 
hospitalisation and job loss. 
Credit analysis 
Distribution of the retail financing division’s products occurs through dealers, as customers are not 
generally targeted directly and direct marketing is utilised only in selected cases. Dealerships are 
monitored by dedicated company representatives and receive regular training and visits. The 
performance of each dealer is monitored using a matrix system of penetration (defined as the percentage 
of total new car sales financed by the CA Auto Bank Group) and the net present value of contracts 
generated (adjusted by reference to historic prepayments and defaults).  
CA Auto Bank supports the network through the offer of financial solutions and services dedicated to 
customer needs, whilst ensuring the compliance with the European and local legislation, and CA Auto 
Bank objectives and strategies (including in terms of customer satisfaction, customer claims and risk 
performance). 
The CA Auto Bank Group’s portfolio is characterised by low concentration, with a very large and 
diversified customer base. The underwriting procedure is based upon statistical models that are 
continuously tracked and verified in order to ensure their continuing predictive capabilities. Key 
elements driving the underwriting process are: 
̶ 
credit rules (CA Auto Bank Group Credit Guidelines and Local Credit rules); 
̶ 
credit score; 
̶ 
credit bureau; and 
̶ 
documentary evidence analysis. 
In determining credit scores, “Score-Cards” are utilised. “Score-Cards” are based upon a portfolio-
specific statistical model designed to assess the creditworthiness of each applicant. The “Score-Card” 
system takes into account a number of factors which are proven statistical indicators of the probability 
of default, in order to assign to each applicant a score that can be either above or below a fixed “cut-
off” level. The “Score-Cards” are constantly monitored to test their effectiveness. 
Different “Score-Cards” are used in different countries and for different products/customer segments 
and tend to be reviewed periodically. As from 2020, both the development and monitoring of “Score-
Cards” is carried out internally by a dedicated team of HQ Credit with the aim to create a competence 
centre for all kinds of credit “Score-Cards” to support all markets. In addition, the prospective 
borrower’s credit record is checked against credit bureau information in countries where such databases 
are available and the results are taken into account in the ultimate credit decision. Finally, applicants 
must provide documentary evidence supplementing or supporting the information given in the “Score-
Card”. 
When all of the checks mentioned above are concluded positively, an automatic approval is possible. 
Whereas, if the checks are concluded negatively or when the amount financed exceeds certain levels, 
an analyst must specifically approve the loan application. The larger the amount to be financed, the 
more experienced the analyst must be.  
In certain countries, the CA Auto Bank Group uses “early warning” anti-fraud software and, in those 
countries, its operating subsidiaries subscribe to the relevant national fraud database.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
The board of directors of CA Auto Bank approves changes to group credit guidelines as well as changes 
to “Score-Cards”, according to the Group’s governance policies.  
(b) 
Wholesale Financing  
The wholesale financing business line provides support to the respective manufacturers’ dealer 
networks in Europe. 
The CA Auto Bank Group approve dealers with specific credit-risk assessments through a complete 
system of scoring and internal-rating based on: 
̶ 
financial information about the dealer; 
̶ 
dealer behavioural history (payment punctuality, stock audits, reports to credit bureau); 
and 
̶ 
guarantees. 
The wholesale financing business line is characterised by: 
̶ 
knowledge of the client base, thanks to its close relationship with the car manufacturers, 
which allows CA Auto Bank to react promptly in case of early signs of financial 
difficulties for the dealer; and 
̶ 
strong documentary protection (in case of bankruptcy) in respect of car ownership title, 
which is held by the financing companies. 
The purpose of wholesale financing is to handle the financial requirements deriving from the dealer’s 
activity, with particular reference to the financing of the dealer’s working capital. The product range is 
tailored to meet the specific dealer’s financial needs. 
The main product of the wholesale financing business line is the inventory (new vehicle stock) 
financing, also known as “floor-plan”, an asset-based financing product, which ensures a solid level of 
security through collateral coverage of the business. 
(c) 
Rental/Mobility 
The rental/mobility business line provides rental solutions to small, medium and large corporates, as 
well as to households, in cooperation with a wide range of automotive manufacturers in Europe. 
The CA Auto Bank Group operates in the rental business mainly through the Drivalia brand, offering a 
wide range of flexible and customised solutions, created to meet the specific needs of clients, through 
a pan-European coverage. 
Rental/mobility is designed to meet the different transportation needs of all types of customers from 
large corporations to SMEs and private individuals. This integrated transportation offer provides 
solutions to customers seeking tailor-made transportation services: long-term rental, medium/short-
term rental, subscription programs and electric transportation with a charging infrastructure dedicated 
to them free of charge. As at 30 June 2023, the Mobility Stores network had 725 locations and 
approximately 1,600 charging stations across Europe. 
The key activities which determine customer retention rates are as follows: 
̶ 
providing fleet range fitting the client needs;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
̶ 
determining the appropriate contract duration and the bundle of services offered; and 
̶ 
promoting flexible billing processes. 
The main services offered by the CA Auto Bank Group in the rental/mobility business are the following: 
̶ 
Long-term car rental: a monthly fee is paid to rent the vehicle, whose ownership is 
maintained by the rental company; 
̶ 
New Mobility & Rent: this business line includes short and medium-term rental, 
transportation subscription and car-sharing operations;  
̶ 
Remarketing of used vehicles: online sales activities of pre-owned cars under the 
Clickar brand. 
On 29 April 2022, CA Auto Bank S.p.A. acquired from its former subsidiary Leasys S.p.A. all the 
shares outstanding of Leasys Rent S.p.A. The change of the company’s name into Drivalia S.p.A. took 
place on 16 June 2022. 
The Drivalia Group, which engages in ten different markets (Belgium, Italy, France, Spain, the United 
Kingdom, Portugal, Morocco, Netherlands, Greece and Denmark) in the mobility (including electric 
car sharing) and subscriptions sector (mainly short- and medium-term rentals, including operational 
leasing), confirms its ambitions to operate as an all-round mobility pioneer in Europe.  
The Drivalia Group's end of period segment assets amounted to €400 million as at 31 December 2022, 
a fivefold increase over the comparable year-earlier amount.   
5.2 
Funding Activities 
(a) 
Sources of funding 
The CA Auto Bank Group currently has eight main sources of funding (other than equity): debt capital 
markets, commercial paper, credit facilities with banks, securitisations, funding from the Crédit 
Agricole Group, loans from the European Central Bank (ECB), deposits and non-financial liabilities 
(as further described below). 
The refinancing activities conducted allowed CA Auto Bank to secure liquidity necessary to fund the 
growing business, diversify funding sources and reduce liquidity risk.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
As at 30 June 2023, CA Auto Bank’s funding sources consisted of the following9: 
  
 
 (b) 
Funding strategy  
CA Auto Bank’s Treasury department ensures liquidity and financial risk management at group level, 
in accordance with the CA Auto Bank Group’s risk management policies. 
Within the regulatory requirements for banks, the CA Auto Bank Group’s funding strategy has the 
following aims: 
̶ 
maintaining a stable and diversified structure of sources of finance; 
̶ 
managing liquidity risk effectively, by pursuing the objective of a fully-funded position 
in all maturity brackets and relying on the availability of funding provided by the Crédit 
Agricole Group; and 
̶ 
minimising exposure to counterparty, interest rate and foreign exchange risks. 
The interest rate risk management policy is intended to safeguard consolidated financial margin 
from the effects of interest rate fluctuations and involves minimising risk by aligning the 
maturity profile of the CA Auto Bank Group’s liabilities (based on the relevant interest rate 
reset date) to that of the receivables portfolio. Alignment of maturity profiles is achieved using 
liquid derivative instruments including interest rate swaps and forward rate agreements. The 
CA Auto Bank Group’s risk management policies do not allow for the use of structured 
instruments. 
In terms of exchange rate risk, the CA Auto Bank Group’s policy does not contemplate the 
creation of foreign currency positions. As such, non-euro portfolios are usually funded in the 
local currencies; where this is not possible, risk is hedged through foreign exchange swaps. The 
CA Auto Bank Group risk management policies allow the use of foreign exchange transactions 
solely for hedging purposes. In some cases, this is achieved synthetically through the joint use 
of interest rate and currency swaps or through the use of foreign exchange swaps. 
Counterparty risk exposure is minimised, according to the criteria set out in CA Auto Bank 
Group risk management policies, by depositing excess liquidity with the central bank and with 
banks of primary standing; use of very-short-term investment instruments is limited to short-
 
9 The percentages represent the amount as a percentage of total financial liabilities. 
Securitizations
10%
Financial 
Institutions
12%
ECB
8%
CA Group
37%
Deposits
7%
Bonds
23%
CPs
3%
H1 
2023

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
term deposits and repurchase agreements with government securities as underlying. Regarding 
transactions in interest rate derivatives (carried out solely under ISDA standard agreements), 
counterparty nsk is managed solely through the clearing mechanisms under Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 (the European Market Infrastructure Regulation or EMIR). 
(c) 
Securitisations 
Securitisation transactions represent a significant source of funding for the CA Auto Bank Group. As 
at 30 June 2023, the CA Auto Bank Group had four outstanding securitisation transactions, publicly or 
privately refinanced, and group funding deriving from securitisations increased in the first half of 2023 
to a total amount of €2.3 billion. 
 (d) 
Loans from Third Party Financial Institutions  
As at 30 June 2023, the CA Auto Bank Group had €2.8 billion funding granted by third-party banks 
(excluding the Crédit Agricole Group) totalling 10 per cent. of its liabilities and equity. A vast majority 
of such indebtedness is subject to change of control clauses, which generally provide the Lender with 
the possibility to ask for early reimbursement in case the Crédit Agricole Group ceases to hold at least 
50% of the Issuer share capital.  
(e)  
Loans from the Crédit Agricole Group 
As at 30 June 2023, the funding granted by the Crédit Agricole Group to the CA Auto Bank Group 
amounted to €8.5 billion or 31 per cent. of its liabilities and equity, including senior unsecured funding 
as well as €330 million subordinated loans treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 capital. 
(f) 
Loans from the European Central Bank (ECB) 
As at 30 June 2023, the outstanding loans received from the ECB in connection with open market 
operations (namely the T-LTRO, as defined below) and according to the Eurosystem monetary policy, 
amounted to €1.9 billion or 7 per cent. of the CA Auto Bank Group’s liabilities and equity, fully 
collateralized by eligible credit claims. 
(g) 
Medium-term Notes 
Prior to the Irish Merger, a subsidiary of CA Auto Bank, FCA Capital Ireland p.l.c., acted as issuer 
under the Programme and CA Auto Bank acted as guarantor. Pursuant to the Irish Merger, as of the 
Effective Date, FCA Capital Ireland p.l.c. ceased to exist as a legal entity and CA Auto Bank, under 
universal succession, succeeded to and assumed by operation of law all of the obligations, rights, 
interests, assets and liabilities of FCA Capital Ireland plc and, contemporaneously, all such obligations, 
rights, interests, assets and liabilities were allocated automatically to CA Auto Bank S.p.A., Irish 
branch, including all obligations, rights, interests and liabilities of FCA Capital Ireland p.l.c. under the 
notes that had been issued under the Programme prior to the Effective Date, which are listed on 
Euronext Dublin. 
As at 30 June 2023, liabilities for notes issued under the Programme by CA Auto Bank S.p.A., acting 
through its Irish branch, were €5.0 billion. Liabilities for other issuances by the CA Auto Bank Group 
outside of the Programme (denominated Swiss Francs) amounted to €332 million equivalent at 30 June 
2023. 
 (h) 
Deposits 
As at 30 June 2023, the funding generated by CA Auto Bank’s savings products in Italy and Germany 
was equal to €1.7 billion, or 6 per cent. of its liabilities and equity.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Available solely online, CA Auto Bank’s offering consists of distinct products, sight deposits and term 
deposits, with different returns offered to clients. 
(i) 
Commercial paper 
CA Auto Bank further diversifies its sources of funding through its Euro Commercial Paper Programme 
(the ECP Programme). Liabilities for Euro Commercial Paper issued by CA Auto Bank S.p.A. 
(through its Irish branch), amounted to €0.7 billion as at 30 June 2023. The ECP Programme allows the 
issue of money market instruments to manage limited and temporary cash requirements. In compliance 
with the Short-Term European Paper (STEP) Market Convention, the STEP label has been obtained in 
relation to the ECP Programme. 
6. 
STRATEGY 
The CA Auto Bank Group’s three main business lines have been combined under a single management 
structure, based on the following rationale: 
(a) 
to provide dealers with a “one-stop shop” for all their financing needs, including: 
• 
financing of their retail customers; 
• 
fleet rental for both corporate clients and retail customers; and 
• 
dealers’ own financing needs (floorplan, spare parts and working capital); 
(b) 
using the dealer network as a key element to support incremental growth in the retail and rental 
business; 
(c) 
to ensure an efficient commercial structure, closer to customers and the dealer network; and 
(d) 
to create a simplified organisation, with centralised staff functions and a reduction of structural 
costs. 
CA Auto Bank aims to manage the three business areas as a single structure. The integration of these 
activities allows CA Auto Bank to provide its industrial partners’ dealer networks with highly 
competitive and integrated financing products for their retail customers, fleet rental products for their 
corporate clients and products to meet each dealer’s own financing needs (i.e. floorplan, working 
capital). 
The CA Auto Bank Group considers that its integration of dealer network financing services and retail 
and corporate financing services provides a competitive advantage in the market. 
CA Auto Bank’s business model is based on the concept of centralised planning and control and 
decentralised execution and operations. Control over key business areas is centralised, most crucially 
in the case of credit risk and underwriting procedures, recovery and arrears procedures and finance and 
treasury. Commercial policies and product development are maintained locally. 
CA Auto Bank’s goal is also to be a leading actor of the energy transition, with the target of reaching 
80% of the portfolio of electric or hybrid vehicles by 2030 thus becoming a European leader in low 
carbon mobility, through the adoption of an ESG strategy and the development of mobility solutions 
for green more responsible/more sustainable driving through its subsidiary Drivalia. 
7. 
REGULATION 
In most of the countries in which it operates, the activities of the CA Auto Bank Group are subject to 
regulation and supervision, typically from the local central bank or financial services authorities. In

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
addition, most jurisdictions require a minimum capital ratio for the operations of the CA Auto Bank 
Group. CA Auto Bank Group subsidiaries have been granted the required authorisations (where 
necessary) to operate in their respective countries and are compliant with the relevant minimum capital 
requirements. 
Being part of the Crédit Agricole Group, CA Auto Bank is considered by the ECB, for prudential 
purposes, within Crédit Agricole Group’s scope of prudential consolidation and, consequently, as a 
“significant” banking entity. CA Auto Bank is therefore a “significant supervised entity” subject to 
direct supervision by the ECB for prudential supervisory purposes, in the context of the ECB’s direct 
supervision of the Crédit Agricole Group 
Nonetheless, in Italy, CA Auto Bank is currently supervised by the Bank of Italy as a banking entity, 
authorised pursuant to article 14 of the Italian Banking Law and is subject to the supervisory regime 
applicable to banks. 
In Austria and Portugal, the CA Auto Bank Group’s activities are carried out by companies with banking 
licenses. In most of the other countries in which it operates, the CA Auto Bank Group carries out its 
activities in accordance with local regulations and subject to local supervision, generally as a “non-bank 
financial institution”.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
8. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The diagram below sets out the structure of the CA Auto Bank Group as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
 
  
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 
Board of Directors 
Banki ng Gr oup
Ot her  compani es
CA Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( Bel gi an Br anch)  
Dr i val i a S. p. A.  
100%
CA Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( Ger man Br anch)   
Dr i val i a Lease Bel gi um S. A.         ( 4)
CA Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( Spani sh Br anch)  
Dr i val i a Lease Danmar k A/ S   
CA Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( Fr ench Br anch)  
Dr i val i a España S. L. U.  
CA Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( I r i sh Br anch)  
Dr i val i a Lease España S. A. U.       ( 5)
CA  Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( Pol i sh Br anch)  
Dr i val i a Lease ( Mar occan Br anch)  
CA Aut o Bank S. p. A.  ( Por t uguese Br anch)  
Dr i val i a Fr ance S. A. S.  
Dr i val i a Lease Hel l as  S. A.  
50%
CA Aut o Bank GmbH ( AT)                        ( 1)
Dr i val i a Lease Neder l and B. V.     ( 6)
CA Aut o Bank GmbH ( Hel l eni c Br anch)  
Dr i val i a Por t ugal  S. A.  
Dr i val i a UK Lt d.  
100%
CA Aut o Fi nance Sui sse S. A.  
Dr i val i a Lease UK Lt d.              ( 5)
50%
Fer r ar i  Fi nanci al  Ser vi ces GmbH ( DE)         ( 2)
CA Ver si cher ungsser vi ce GmbH ( DE)  
100%
Fer r ar i  Fi nanci al  Ser vi ces GmbH ( UK 
Br anch)
CA Aut o I nsur ance Hel l as S. A.   
100%
CA Aut o Rei nsur ance DAC ( I E)
100%
100%
CA Aut o Fi nance Danmar k A/ S 
CA Aut o Fi nance Danmar k A/ S ( Fi nni sh Br anch)   
CA Aut o Fi nance Nor ge AS 
CA Aut o Fi nance Sver i ge AB
99. 99%
Dr i val i a Lease Fr ance S. A.                   ( 3)
100%
CA Aut o Fi nance Neder l and B. V.  
Fi ndi o N. V.  ( NL)
100%
Dr i val i a Lease Pol ska Sp.  z o. o.  
100%
CA Aut o Fi nance UK Lt d.  
Legal     ent i t y
Br anch
100%
100%
100%
100%
Notes:
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
CA Auto Bank GmbH - the remaining 50% is held by CA Consumer 
Finance S.A.
Ferrari Financial Services GmbH - CA Auto Bank holds 50% + 1 
share; remaining shareholding interest is held by Ferrari S.p.A.
Drivalia Lease France S.A. - the remaining 10 shares are held by Drivalia 
France S.A.S.
Drivalia Lease España S.A.U. and Drivalia Lease UK Ltd. are included in 
the Banking Group perimeter.
Drivalia Lease Belgium S.A. was incorporated in May 24th 2023.
Drivalia Lease Nederland B.V. was incorporated in May 17th 2023.
AUTO BANK 
_________ J 
I 
1 ________________________________ 1 
_________ J 
I 
'--------------------------------1 
_________ J 
I 
1 ________________________________ 1 
·---------~ ________________________________ : 
__________ J--------------------------------. 
1 ________________________________ 1 
1--------------------------------. 
~------------ ------~,i 
I ------------------------ I 
---------, ________________________________ . 
I ________________________ I 
----------: ________________________________ : 
1--------------------------------1 
I ________________________________ I _____ _ 
~---------------- --··1 
: ________________________________ : ____ _! 
1--------------------------------· 
1 ________________________________ , 
I 
I 
! ________________________________ •

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
The table below sets out certain information regarding the members of the board of directors of 
CA Auto Bank as at the date hereof.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Year first 
appointed to the 
Board of Directors 
Principal Offices 
Outside of the CA Auto 
Bank Group 
S. Priami ................  
Chairman of the Board 
2020 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. for 
Specialized Financial 
Services; СA Consumer 
Finance SA – Chief 
Executive Officer;  
G. Carelli ...............  
Chief Executive 
Officer and General 
Manager 
2014 
 
V. Wanquet ...........  
Director (non-
executive) 
2017  
CA Consumer Finance 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer, Head of Group 
International, Finance 
and Legal  
L. Chevalier 
Director (non-
executive) 
2023 
CA Consumer Finance  – 
Group Strategy Director 
J. 
Hombourger...........  
Director (non-
executive) 
2023 
Caisse Régionale de 
Crédit Agricole Val de 
France – Chief Executive 
Officer 
R. Bouligny ........... 
Director (non-
executive) 
2020 
СA Consumer Finance 
Head of Group 
Automotive and Mobility 
V. Ratto 
Director (non-
executive) 
2023 
 
Crédit Agricole Italia 
S.p.A. – Deputy General 
Manager Retail and 
Digital 
A. M. Guirchoux ...  
Director (non-
executive) 
2023 
СA Consumer Finance – 
Group Automotive and 
Mobility Officer 
S. Lazarevitch .......  
Independent Director 
(non-executive) 
2023 
Independent Director of 
Aubay and CIFD 
(holding of Groupe 
Crédit Immobilier) 
P. De Vincentiis ....  
Independent Director 
(non-executive) 
2017 
Full professor of Banking 
and Finance, University 
of Torino, Italy

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
The business address of each member of the board of directors is Corso Orbassano 367, 10137 Turin, 
Italy. Of the ten directors, two members have the requirements of independence. 
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company, 
within the limits of the powers delegated to him by the board of directors. 
9.2 
Statutory Auditors 
The board of statutory auditors is composed of three regular auditors and two alternate auditors. They 
may hold other positions as directors or regular auditors within the limits prescribed by law and 
regulation. 
Following the resolutions adopted at the shareholder’ meeting of 3 April 2023, the board of statutory 
auditors is currently made up of the Chairwoman Maria Ludovica Giovanardi, the regular auditors 
Mauro Ranalli and Vincenzo Maurizio Dispinzeri, and the alternate auditors Francesca Pasqualin and 
Francesca Michela Maurelli. 
9.3 
Committees and Meetings 
In order to ensure continuous monitoring of business developments and effective decision-making, 
various committees and “meetings”, which meet or take place (as the case may be) on a regular basis, 
have been established. In particular: 
̶ 
Board Committees: in accordance with the Italian banking legislation and rules, certain 
Board committees have been set up to support the Board of Directors, the company 
body with strategic supervision responsibility; 
̶ 
Committees: the role of the committees is to facilitate the transmission of information 
between CA Auto Bank and its shareholders and the decision-making process; and 
̶ 
“Meetings”: the meetings are designed to ensure the correct internal functioning of the 
CA Auto Bank Group’s main activities. 
The table below sets out certain information regarding the current structure of the Committees: 
 
Name 
Permanent Members 
Board Executive Credit Committee 
Three 
Board 
of 
Directors 
representatives (including the CEO) 
and Chief Credit Officer (secretary 
with no voting rights) 
Credit Committee 
CEO, CFO, Chief Credit Officer (no 
voting 
rights), 
shareholders’ 
representatives, 
Corporate 
Credit 
Director (no voting rights), Head of 
Risk & Permanent Control (no voting 
rights) 
Internal Control Committee 
CEO, CFO, Head of Risk & 
Permanent 
Control, 
Head 
of

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Compliance & Supervisory Relations, 
Head of Internal Audit (secretary), 
Head of Legal Affairs & Procurement, 
Shareholders’ representatives.   
Nomination Committee 
Three non-executive Directors (of 
which two Independent Directors), 
each one with voting right; chaired by 
one independent Director.  
Remuneration Committee 
Three non-executive Directors (of 
which two Independent Directors), 
each one with voting right; chaired by 
one independent Director. 
Risk & Audit Committee 
Three non-executive Directors (of 
which two Independent Directors), 
each one with voting right; the 
chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors (no voting rights) attends the 
meetings. Chaired by one independent 
Director. 
9.4 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
As described above, 100 per cent. of CA Auto Bank’s share capital is owned by Crédit Agricole 
Consumer Finance, a subsidiary of Crédit Agricole. CA Auto Bank currently has ten directors, 
of which two being independent. 
Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and other entities of the Crédit Agricole Group extend to 
CA Auto Bank and certain of its subsidiaries loan facilities which amounted to 31 per cent. of 
the total liabilities and equity of the CA Auto Bank Group as of 30 June 2023. As a result, 
Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and other entities of the Crédit Agricole Group may have 
interests which could conflict with the interests of the holders of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Other than as set out in the table above under "Principal Offices Outside of the CA Auto Bank 
Group", the directors of CA Auto Bank do not hold any principal executive directorship outside 
of the CA Auto Bank Group which are significant with respect to the Issuer, and there are no 
potential conflicts of interest of the members of the Board of Directors of CA Auto Bank 
between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Subject as aforesaid, there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of CA Auto 
Bank’s board of directors, senior management team or board of statutory auditors between their 
duties to CA Auto Bank and their private interests or other duties. 
9.5 
Major Shareholders 
Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance currently holds 100 per cent. of CA Auto Bank’s issued 
share capital. 
For the purposes of Article 2497-bis of the Italian Civil Code, CA Auto Bank is not subject to 
the direction or control of Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
9.6 
Dividends paid 
On 3 April 2023, with approval from the general meeting of shareholders on the same date, 
dividends amounting to €1.1 billion were distributed. This distribution comprised €785.4 
million from the previous year's earnings and €314.6 million from available reserves. This 
distribution forms part of a comprehensive set of actions devised to facilitate the termination of 
the JVA and the completion of the CACF Share Purchase. 
9.7 
Human Resources 
The CA Auto Bank Group had 1,821 employees as at 30 June 2023, representing a decrease of 
226 employees compared to 31 December 2022. 
9.8 
Corporate Governance 
CA Auto Bank is in compliance with those corporate governance laws of Italy to which it may 
be subject, if any. 
10. 
REGULATORY AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
The CA Auto Bank Group is subject to certain claims and is party to a number of legal 
proceedings relating to the ordinary course of its business in various jurisdictions. Although it 
is difficult to predict the outcome of such claims and proceedings with certainty, CA Auto Bank 
believes that liabilities related to such claims and proceedings are unlikely to have, in aggregate, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of CA Auto Bank or the CA Auto 
Bank Group.  
Swiss anti-trust authority 
On 26 June 2019, the Swiss Competition Commission imposed a fine of CHF 4,421,232 against 
CA Auto Finance Suisse S.A. (formerly FCA Capital Suisse S.A.) (CA Auto Finance Suisse) 
for allegedly infringing the Swiss Cartel Act before the year 2014. 
CA Auto Finance Suisse has challenged this decision before the Federal Administrative Court, 
and this appeal is still pending. Given the risk of the fine being payable, a prudential reserve 
corresponding to such amount has been set aside. 
Italian anti-trust authority 
On 15 May 2017, the Italian anti-trust authority (Autorità Garante della Concorrenza e del 
Mercato - AGCM) (AGCM) announced the start of an investigation into nine automotive 
manufacturers’ captive banks and two industry associations (Assofin “Associazione Italiana del 
Credito al Consumo e Immobiliare” and Assilea “Associazione Italiana Leasing”). The 
investigation concerns alleged anti-competitive practices that would have been based on an 
exchange of commercially sensitive information, in violation of Article 101 of the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union (the TFEU)). CA Auto Bank is one of the captive banks 
involved in the investigations.  
AGCM announced that the procedure, which was scheduled to end on 31 July 2018, had been 
extended to 31 December 2018.  
On 9 January 2019, a decision of AGCM was served stating that CA Auto Bank, together with 
the other captives, had been found to have exchanged commercially sensitive information via 
direct contacts, as well as through the local industry associations Assofin and Assilea, with a

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
view – according to the AGCM – to coordinating their commercial strategies with respect to 
car loans and leasing offerings, in breach of the TFEU.  
The AGCM imposed a total sanction of Euro 678 million on the involved parties, and 
specifically imposed on CA Auto Bank a fine of Euro 178.9 million.  
CA Auto Bank challenged the decision before the Regional Administrative Court of Rome (the 
Court) and requested an order from the Court to suspend the payment of the fine. In any case, 
a prudential reserve had been set aside for an amount of Euro 60 million. This provision did not 
have a material impact on any of the prudential ratios of CA Auto Bank Group (both on a 
consolidated and a standalone basis).  
On 4 April 2019, the Court ordered the suspension of the payment, requiring CA Auto Bank to 
provide the AGCM with a bank guarantee for an amount equal to the fine, to be retained by 
AGCM until the decision on the merits becomes enforceable.  
On 26 February 2020, following the introduction of additional arguments by some plaintiffs, 
the Court decided to postpone any decision on the merits until a court hearing scheduled for 21 
October 2020. 
Following the hearing held on 21 October 2020, on 24 November 2020 the Court upheld CA 
Auto Bank’s application – as well as those of the other applicants – and annulled in full the 
AGCM decision and the related fines. Accordingly, CA Auto Bank released the €60 million in 
provisions made in 2018 in relation to the relevant risks. 
The Court judgment rests on two main grounds: (i) the unjustified delay incurred by the AGCM 
in commencing a full-fledged investigation (a procedural argument); and (ii) the contradictory 
and incorrect definition of the relevant market (a substantive argument).  
On 23 December 2020, the AGCM notified to all the parties the appeal filed with the Council 
of State (Consiglio di Stato) against the Court judgement rendered on 24 November 2020.  
CA Auto Bank in turn filed its own defence brief with the Council of State on 21 January 2021.  
On 2 February 2022, the Council of State dismissed the appeal of the AGCM and definitively 
repealed the AGCM decision, and the related fines imposed on CA Auto Bank. 
Audit by Bank of Italy 
The Bank of Italy audited CA Auto Bank’s policies and practices concerning the transparency 
of its banking and financial services pursuant to, in particular, articles 115 and following of the 
Italian Banking Law. Further to its completion of the audit in January 2018, which also involved 
interviews with certain officers and personnel of CA Auto Bank’s internal functions, the Bank 
of Italy found there to be certain inadequacies within the internal procedures and controls of 
CA Auto Bank for the safeguarding of transparency. CA Auto Bank had promptly undertaken 
a remediation plan in coordination with the Bank of Italy. On 29 April 2019 the Bank of Italy 
notified CA Auto Bank of its decision to impose a fine on it of Euro 2.5 million, which has 
been fully paid by CA Auto Bank. 
Tax audit report 
On 29 September 2022 CA Auto Bank was notified by the Italian fiscal enforcement agency 
(Guardia di Finanza) of a tax audit report (processo verbale di constatazione) (the Report)

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
challenging the VAT treatment of certain brokerage fees invoiced by the retailers and relating 
to loans for the purchase of cars in the context of promotional campaigns (the Brokerage Fees).  
In the Report, the Italian fiscal enforcement agency challenged CA Auto Bank for not having 
regularised the invoices related to the Brokerage Fees issued by the retailers – for approximately 
Euro 49 million of VAT – during the years 2016 to 2019. No provision has been recognised for 
this matter at the date of this Base Prospectus based on currently available information. 
In December 2022 CA Auto Bank received the tax assessment for 2016 and 2017, with a penalty 
equal to €161,902.77. CA Auto Bank appealed with the competent tax court in February 2023. 
CA Auto Bank, while reiterating the correctness of its actions and not agreeing with the tax 
assessment carried out by the Italian fiscal enforcement agency (Guardia di Finanza), together 
with Stellantis, has given its availability, for transactional purposes, to regularise certain 
invoices related to the Brokerage Fees from 2017 to 2019. This settlement agreement resulted 
in the payment in September 2023 of approximately €1.9 million in penalties for the 
aforementioned period (i.e. from 2017 to 2019), against the recognition of the full VAT 
recoverability of the VAT (approximately €49 million) charged by the retailers for the fiscal 
years 2017 to 2019. CA Auto Bank will consider in the future whether or not to proceed with a 
settlement also with respect to the year 2016. 
11. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
In July 2023, CA Auto Bank continued to consolidate its role into the motorcycles industry 
entering into a partnership with QJ Motor Italy, the exclusive distributor of the Qianjiang Group 
brand in Italy. 
 
On 3 August 2023, CA Auto Bank announced the acquisition of ALD Automotive’s operations 
in Norway and Ireland, as well as that of Leaseplan’s operations in the Czech Republic and 
Finland. Initially, Drivalia's offerings in these four countries will focus on long-term rentals, in 
continuity with the historical business strategy of these legal entities. However, it will gradually 
expand its services to include a full spectrum of solutions including electric car sharing, car 
subscriptions and rentals of all durations, in line with the mission of Drivalia. 
Furthermore, in August and September 2023, CA Auto Bank entered into other partnerships 
with AEC Group and Lucid Europe B.V. (Lucid). The former will enable the Issuer to provide 
financing solutions, in Benelux, Denmark and Italy, to more than 150 dealers and end customers 
of two of AEC Group’s subsidiaries: AEC (i.e. the official importer of Dodge and RAM) and 
AECSV (i.e. the official importer of Cadillac, Chevrolet and GMC). Whereas the partnership 
with Lucid, which will be initially active in Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland, will 
enable the Issuer to offer its tailor-made financial solutions, which include loans and leases, to 
assist business clients and individuals in their selection of vehicle from Lucid’s lineup, which 
includes s luxury electric cars with distinctive design and impressive performance. 
 
It has been announced that, on 1 January 2024, Sofinco Auto Moto Loisirs will join the French 
branch of CA Auto Bank (the French Branch) to form a single player in automobile financing 
and mobility. The French Branch will then count more than 400 employees and will become 
the second main player in the retail production of the French market.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS 
 
 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups are mainly provided by 
implementation of measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) and are aimed at preserving their stability and solidity 
and limiting their risk exposure. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through Directive No. 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
subsequently amended, (the CRD IV Directive) and Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms, as subsequently amended, (the CRR and together with the CRD 
IV Directive, the CRD IV Package), subsequently amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V) and 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR II and together with the CRD V, the CRD V Package). The CRD 
IV, as amended by the CRD V, is commonly referred to as the CRD and the CRR, as amended by the 
CRR II, is commonly known as CRR.    
National options and discretions under the CRD IV Package that were previously only exercised by 
national competent authorities, are now be exercised by the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) (as 
defined below) in a largely harmonised manner throughout the European banking union. In this respect, 
on 14 March 2016, the ECB adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 on the exercise of options and 
discretions. Depending on the manner in which these options and discretions were exercised by the 
national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise them in the future, 
additional/lower capital requirements may result. 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period 
of time (as of 1 January 2014 the requirements are now almost fully effective although some minor 
transitional provisions provide for phase-in until 2024) but it is possible that in practice implementation 
under national laws be delayed. Additionally, it is possible that Member States may introduce certain 
provisions at an earlier date than that set out in the CRD V Package. 
In Italy, the CRD IV Directive was implemented by Legislative Decree no. 72 of 12 May 2015, which 
entered into force on 27 June 2015 and introduced measures dealing with, inter alia, the following 
aspects of the CRD IV Directive: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions’ holdings, shareholders and members of the management 
body requirements (Articles 22, 23, and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
(ii) 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 102 and 104 
of the CRD IV Directive); 
(iii) reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, (Article 
71 of the CRD IV Directive); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Articles 64 and 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published specific supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 
(Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the Circular)) which came into force on 
1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and then the CRD V Package, and setting out 
additional local prudential rules. The Circular has been constantly updated since coming into force, the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
last update being the 42th update published on 30 March 2023 reviewing the regime applicable to 
covered bonds. The CRD and the CRR are also supplemented in Italy by technical rules published 
through delegated regulations of the European Council and guidelines of the EBA. 
As part of the CRD IV Package, certain transitional arrangements as implemented by the Circular have 
been gradually phased out.  
The transitional arrangements which provide for the regulatory capital recognition of outstanding 
instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments under the framework which the 
CRD IV Package replaced but which no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package 
have been gradually phased out. 
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRR (as defined below), banks are required to comply with a minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets, a minimum Tier 1 
Capital ratio of 6 per cent. of risk weighted assets, a minimum Total Capital Ratio of 8 per cent. of risk 
weighted assets and a Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent.. These minimum ratios are complemented by capital 
buffers to be met with CET1 capital. As at 31 December 2022, these capital buffers were as follows: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets and has applied to CA 
Auto Bank from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the CRD V and Part I, Title II, 
Chapter I, Section II of the Circular); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer: the counter-cyclical capital buffers are set by the relevant 
competent authority at between 0% - 2.5% of credit risk exposure towards counterparties in 
each of the home Member State, other Member State and third countries (but may be set higher 
than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the conditions in the relevant Member 
State justify this) with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and applying temporarily in 
the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth excessive (pursuant 
to Articles 130 and 136 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of the Circular). 
As of 31 December 2022, (i) the specific counter-cyclical capital rate of the CA Auto Bank 
Group amounted to 0.158 per cent.; and (ii) with reference to the exposures towards Italian 
counterparties, the Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the rate equal to 0 per cent. 
for the third quarter of 2023; 
• 
Capital buffers for global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs): set as an “additional loss 
absorbency” buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which G-SIIs are divided into, 
according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, substitutability of the services 
provided, global cross-border activity and complexity). The lowest sub-category shall be 
assigned a G- SII buffer of 1.0 and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in 
gradients of at least 0.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets. It was subject to phasing in from 1 
January 2016 (Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV, paragraph 1 of the Circular), and became 
fully effective on 1 January 2019; and 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs): up to 3.0 per cent. of risk 
weighted assets as set by the relevant competent authority (and must be reviewed at least 
annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial 
system (Article 131 of the CRD IV Directive and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV, 
paragraph 2 of the Circular). 
CA Auto Bank is not currently included in the list of financial institutions of global systemic importance 
published on 21 November 2022 by the Financial Stability Board (FSB). The Bank of Italy has not

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
included CA Auto Bank among the systemically important banks at a domestic level (O-SII) for the 
year 2023. However, the Crédit Agricole Group was designated as a G-SII since 2018. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD V, as implemented by Part 
I, Title II, Chapter 1, Section V of the Circular, the Bank of Italy may introduce a systemic risk buffer 
in order to prevent and mitigate long term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks not covered 
by the other capital requirements set out in the CRD V Package, as amended by the CRD V Package. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no resolution relating to the systemic risk buffer has been enacted 
by the Bank of Italy. 
Failure to comply with the capital requirements described above (Combined Buffer Requirement) 
may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called Maximum Distributable Amounts 
(MDA) and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan in respect of remedial actions 
(Articles 141 to 142 of the CRD V and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section VI of the Circular). 
In addition, CA Auto Bank is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV 
Package, as further amended by the CRD V Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by 
the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that 
institutions have adequate arrangements and strategies in place to maintain liquidity and capital, 
including in particular the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk 
profile, in order to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be 
exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the 
financial system. 
The quantum of any Pillar 2 requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to 
meeting such capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is “stacked” below the capital 
buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in 
full before capital can be applied to meeting the capital buffers) or “stacked” above the capital buffers 
(i.e. the bank’s capital resources can be applied to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 
requirement) may all impact a bank’s ability to comply with the Combined Buffer Requirement. 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has recognised a 
distinction between “Pillar 2 requirements” (stacked below the capital buffers) and “Pillar 2 capital 
guidance” (stacked above the capital buffers). With respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the publication 
stated that, in response to the stress test results, competent authorities may (among other things) consider 
“setting capital guidance, above the combined buffer requirement”. Competent authorities have 
remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow such guidance. The ECB published a set of “Frequently 
asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test”, confirming this distinction between Pillar 2 
requirements and Pillar 2 capital guidance and noting that “Under the stacking order, banks facing losses 
will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. In case of further losses, they would next breach 
the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, and finally Pillar 1 requirements”. 
The distinction between “Pillar 2 requirements” and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” has been codified by 
the CRD V. Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks 
not covered or not sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to 
the possibility for competent authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such 
institution to hold capital in excess of its capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and combined buffer 
requirements in order to cope with forward-looking and remote situations. Under the CRD V, only Pillar 
2 requirements, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, will be relevant in determining whether an institution 
is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital 
requirements, but should be considered as a "pre alarm warning" to be used in a bank's risk management 
process. If capital levels go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
should be promptly informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar 
2 capital guidance, will take into consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case 
basis (including, by way of example, the possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring 
compliance with the capital requirements including capital strengthening requirements). 
With update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular was amended in order to align its provisions with 
Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In particular, the amendments 
introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular provide for, inter alia, the introduction of:  
(i) 
A clear differentiation between components of Pillar 2 capital requirements (P2R) estimated 
from an ordinary perspective and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective 
which supervisory authorities may require banks to hold; and 
(ii) 
The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of 
excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio 
and Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised Guidelines on common procedures 
and methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the revised SREP 
Guidelines in order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II (as defined below). In 
particular, the revision of the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP 
elements intact, reflects, among other things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive 
leverage and the revision of the methodology for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional 
relevant changes are related to the enhancement of the principle of proportionality and the 
encouragement of cooperation among prudential supervisory authorities and AML/CFT supervisors, as 
well as resolution authorities. The Bank of Italy notified the EBA that full compliance with the 
guidelines was ensured by the revison of the Circular undertaken through update no. 40 of 3 November 
2022. The guidelines applies from 1 January 2023. 
Liquidity and leverage requirements 
The new liquidity requirements introduced under the CRD IV Package are the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio, a stress liquidity ratio over a 30-day period (the LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio, which 
measures the assumed degree of stability of liabilities and the liquidity of assets over a one-year period 
and is intended to regulate risks not already covered by Pillar 1 requirements and complements the LCR 
(the NSFR). The Liquidity Coverage Ratio Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 was adopted on 10 
October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015 (the LCR 
Delegated Act). The LCR was initially subject to a gradual phase-in, beginning at 60 per cent. in 2015 
and increasing by 10 per cent. each year; the current requirement, effective since 1 January 2018, is 
equal to minimum 100 per cent. On 10 October 2018, amendments to the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
Delegated Regulation were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2018/1620 of 13 July 2018) and applied as of April 2020. 
The CRR II introduced a binding NSFR which requires credit institutions and systemic investment firms 
to finance their long-term activities with stable sources of funding with a view to increasing banks' 
resilience to funding constraints. This means that the amount of available stable funding is calculated 
by multiplying an institution’s liabilities and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their 
degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR applies at a level of 100 per cent. to credit institutions and 
systemic investment firms. 
On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal 
(Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and have applied since July 
2022. Most of these amendments has been introduced to better allow the credit institutions issuing 
covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity coverage requirement for a 30 calendar

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement, as laid down 
by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
EU Banking Reform Package 
The regulatory framework to which CA Auto Bank is subject is itself subject to on-going changes. In 
particular, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of 
reforms to further strengthen the resilience of EU banks (i.e. the EU Banking Reform Package). 
The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in: 
(i) 
the CRD IV Package; 
(ii) 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (as further discussed below); and 
(iii) 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund (the SRM Regulation). 
The above proposals for amendments (the Proposals) cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 
framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own 
funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new category of “non-preferred” senior debt, the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) framework and the integration of 
the Financial Stability Board’s proposed minimum total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) into EU 
legislation. Certain proposals, including those in relation to non-preferred senior debt, were separated 
from the package and were adopted by the European Parliament and Council at the end of 2017. On 27 
December 2017, the Italian Government introduced the class of non-preferred senior debt in the relevant 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Law). The 
new class of non-preferred senior debt entered into force on 1 January 2018. 
As part of the Proposals, the CRD V and the CRR II were agreed by the European Parliament, the 
European Council and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions will apply as of 2 
years from the entry into force, i.e. after 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth implementation of the 
new provisions. 
In particular, the EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
• 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
• 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction of a reporting requirement 
pending implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the Interbank Deposit Guarantee 
Fund (FRTB) published in January 2019 by the Basel Committee on banking supervision 
(BCBS) and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
• 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a 
backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3 per cent. of an institution's Tier 1 
capital; 
• 
binding NSFR which will require credit institutions and systematic investment firms to finance 
their long-term activities (asset and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding 
(liabilities) in order to increase banks resilience to funding constraints. This means that the 
amount of available stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
and regulatory capital by appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. 
The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100 per cent., 
indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to meet its funding needs during a 
one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR applies at a level of 100 
per cent. at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 2021, unless competent 
authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the 
date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
• 
changes to the large exposure limits, now calculated as 25 per cent of Tier 1, and; 
• 
improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SME and infrastructure projects. 
Although most of the provisions of CRR II apply from 28 June 2021, certain provisions, such as those 
relating to definition or own funds, were implemented from 27 June 2019. The elements of the package 
introduced by CRD V were required to be implemented into national law.  
The CRD V Package has been implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree no. 182 of 8 November 2021 
(the Implementing Decree), which entered into force on 30 November 2021 and introduced measures 
dealing with, inter alia, the following aspects of the CRD V:  
i. 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions’ holdings, shareholders and members of the 
management body requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V); 
ii. 
competent authorities’ powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 
104a of the CRD V); 
iii. 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding 
companies (Article 21a of the CRD V); and 
iv. 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of “intermediate EU parent” 
(Article 21c of the CRD V). 
Moreover, Implementing Decree, while amending the Italian Banking Act, provided for a delegation to 
the Bank of Italy to fully align the second level legislation with the provisions laid down by the CRD 
V Package. 
On 22 February 2022, the Circular has been amended to introduce, inter alia:  
(i) the Bank of Italy’s power to require Italian banks and banking groups to maintain a systemic 
risk buffer (SyRB) of Common Equity Tier 1. In particular, the SyRB is aimed to prevent and 
mitigate macroprudential or systemic risks not being covered by the macro-prudential measures 
set forth in the CRR II, the counter-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SIIs and 
O-SIIs. The SyRB may apply to all exposures or a subset of exposures of all the institutions or 
one or more subset of institutions, having a common risk profile, for which the Bank of Italy is 
competent (see Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section V of the Circular); and 
(ii) certain borrower-based measures, namely macro-prudential measures being based on specific 
features and characteristics of the clients of the banks and/or the financing granted by the banks.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy has not exercised so far its authority to introduce 
a SyRB or a borrower-based measure.  
The 2021 Banking Package

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission adopted a review of the CRD V Package. These revised 
rules aimed to ensure that EU banks become more resilient to potential future economic shocks, while 
contributing to Europe’s recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality 
(the 2021 Banking Package). 
The 2021 Banking Package will finalise the implementation of the Basel III agreement in the EU, 
marking the final step in the reform of the banking rules. The review consists of the following legislative 
elements: 
(i) a legislative proposal to amend the CRD V; 
(ii) a legislative proposal to amend the CRR II; and 
(iii) a separate legislative proposal to amend the CRR II in the area of resolution (the so-called “daisy 
chain” proposal). 
In particular, the 2021 Banking Package consists of the following key parts:  
(a) Implementation of the Basel III to strengthening resilience to economic shock 
The 2021 Banking Package aims to ensure that internal model used by banks to calculate their capital 
requirements do not underestimate risks, thereby ensuring that the capital required to cover those risks 
is sufficient.  
(b) Sustainability to contribute to the green transition  
The 2021 Banking Package will require banks to systematically identify, disclose and manage ESG 
risks as part of their risk management. This will include regular climate stress testing by both 
supervisors and banks as competent authorities will have to include ESG risks assessment in their 
periodic supervisory reviews while banks will be asked to disclose the degree to which they are exposed 
to ESG risk.  
To this aim, EBA has also launched on 2 May 2022 a Discussion Paper on the role of the environmental 
risks in the prudential framework for credit institutions and investment firms. The Discussion Paper 
explores whether and how environmental risks are to be incorporated into the Pillar 1 prudential 
framework, drawing the attention of the stakeholders to a potential incorporation of a forward-looking 
perspective in the prudential framework. The consultation runs until 2 August 2022 and, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, it is uncertain whether EBA may decide to enact further formal acts in this 
respect.  
(c)   Sound management of EU banks 
The 2021 Banking Package provides stronger tools for supervisory overseeing EU banks, establishing 
a clear, robust and balanced “fit and proper” set of rules, where supervisors assess whether senior staff 
have the requisite skills and knowledge for managing a bank.  
The European Parliament has recently reached a provisional agreement on the final text of parts of the 
legislation included in the 2021 Banking Package. 
Risk-weighted assets review 
The Basel Committee has undertaken a very significant risk weighted assets (RWA) variability agenda. 
The regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. On 7 December 2017, 
the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
(GHOS), endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms, including revisions that 
seek to restore credibility in the calculation of RWA and improve the comparability of banks’ capital 
ratios by: 
• 
enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardised approaches for credit risk, 
credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk and operational risk; 
• 
constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing limits on certain inputs 
used to calculate capital requirements under the internal ratings-based (IRB) approach for 
credit risk and by removing the use of the internal model approaches for CVA risk and for 
operational risk; 
• 
introducing a leverage ratio buffer to further limit the leverage of global systemically 
important banks (G-SIBs); and 
• 
replacing the existing Basel II output floor with a more robust risk-sensitive floor based on 
the Committee’s revised Basel III standardised approaches. 
The EU is expected to implement these standard by way of changes to the CRR in the context of the 
2021 Banking Package. ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
establishing the SSM for all banks in the Banking Union, which have, beginning in November 2014, 
given the ECB, in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating 
Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over “significant credit institutions” established in 
those Member States. The SSM framework regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB) 
setting out the practical arrangements for the SSM was published in April 2014 and entered into force 
in May 2014. Banks directly supervised by the ECB include any Eurozone bank that (i) has assets 
greater than €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – greater than 20 per 
cent. of national gross domestic product of the relevant Member State; (ii) is one of the three most 
significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; 
and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking 
subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent 
a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the ECB, 
on its own initiative after consulting with national competent authorities or upon request by a national 
competent authority, may declare an institution significant to ensure the consistent application of high-
quality supervisory standards. 
The ECB is also exclusively responsible for the prudential supervision of credit institutions, which 
includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit institutions 
in the Eurozone and in the Member States participating in the SSM; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal 
of holdings in other banks; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general 
EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect 
financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust 
corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at 
the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution 
authorities. The ECB also has the right to impose pecuniary sanctions. 
On 20 March 2017, in the context of the on-going supervision within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, the ECB published guidance on non-performing loans (NPLs) addressed to all significant 
banks in order to timely reduce the level of NPLs held by significant banks (NPL reduction targets). In 
summary, the guidance addresses all non-performing exposures (NPEs), as well as foreclosed assets, 
and also touches on performing exposures with an elevated risk of turning non-performing, such as

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
“watch-list” exposures and performing forborne exposures. On 4 October 2017, the ECB proposed an 
addendum to its guidance aimed at specifying quantitative supervisory expectations for minimum levels 
of prudential provisions for new non-performing loans. 
National competent authorities will continue to be responsible for supervisory matters not conferred on 
the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of third 
country banks, besides supporting the ECB in day-to-day supervision. In order to foster consistency and 
efficiency of supervisory practices across the EU, the EBA is developing a single rule book. The single 
rule book aims at providing a single set of harmonised prudential rules which institutions throughout 
the EU must respect. 
CA Auto Bank is included, for prudential purposes, within Crédit Agricole’s scope of prudential 
consolidation and, consequently, as a “significant” banking entity. CA Auto Bank is therefore a 
“significant supervised entity” subject to direct supervision by the ECB for prudential supervisory 
purposes, in the context of the ECB’s direct supervision of the Crédit Agricole Group. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (as amended, the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive or BRRD) is designed to provide competent authorities with a credible set 
of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or is likely to fail so 
as to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, whilst 
minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such 
relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. The 
four resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct 
the sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution 
– which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which 
may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – 
which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly 
owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-down may result in the reduction of such 
claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including senior unsubordinated notes, 
such as the Notes (Senior Notes)) into equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in 
tool). Such equity or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to any exercise of such 
powers by a resolution authority under the BRRD. The BRRD requires all Member States to create a 
national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a level of at least 1 per cent. of covered deposits of all 
credit institutions by 2024. The national resolution fund for Italy was created in November 2015 and 
required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment 
firms, including CA Auto Bank. In the Eurozone, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD 
were replaced by the Single Resolution Fund (SRF or the Fund) as of 1 January 2016, itself set up 
under the control of the Single Resolution Board (SRB or the Board). The national resolution funds 
have been pooled together gradually. The SRF is intended to ensure the availability of funding support 
while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities 
(including own funds) of the bank have been subject to bail-in. Each year, the SRB will calculate, in 
line with Council Implementing Act 2015/81, the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in 
the Member States participating in the SSM and the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM). The SRM

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
became fully operational on 1 January 2016. Certain provisions, including those concerning the 
preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national 
resolution authorities, entered into force on 1 January 2015. The SRM, which complements the SSM, 
applies to all banks supervised by the ECB SSM. It mainly consists of the SRB and a Securitisation 
Regulation Framework (SRF). Decision-making is centralised with the SRB, and involves the European 
Commission and the European Council (which will have the possibility to object to the SRB’s decisions) 
as well as the ECB and national resolution authorities. The establishment of the SRM is designed to 
ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the same level for countries that share the 
supervision of banks within the SRM. 
In May 2017 the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/747 of 17 December 2015 entered into 
force. This sets out the criteria for the calculation of ex ante contributions, as well as the circumstances 
and conditions under which the payment of extraordinary ex post contributions to the SRF may be 
partially or entirely deferred. The SRF is to be gradually built up over eight years, from 2016 to 2023, 
to the target level of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions within 
the Banking Union by 31 December 2023. Taking into account the current annual growth in covered 
deposits, this amount is expected to be just over €80 billion. Once this target level is reached, in 
principle, the banks will have to contribute only if the resources of the SRF are used up in order to deal 
with resolutions of other institutions. Under the BRRD, the target level of the national resolution funds 
is set at national level and calculated on the basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. 
Under the SRM, the target level of the SRF is European and is the sum of the covered deposits of all 
institutions established in the participating Member States. This results in significant variations in the 
contributions by the banks under the SRM as compared to the BRRD. 
Contributions of banks established in Member States with a large amount of covered deposits may be 
significantly lower than if calculated at a national level, while contributions of those banks established 
in Member States with fewer covered deposits may be significantly higher than if calculated at a 
national level. In order to mitigate the potentially abrupt change, the Council Implementing Act 
provides for an adjustment mechanism to remedy these distortions during the transitional period by way 
of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. 
The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (SRM2 Regulation), as 
part of the EU Banking Reform Package, published on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 
2019. In line with the changes to BRRD2 (as defined below), the SRM2 Regulation introduces several 
amendments such as changing the MREL for banks and G-SIBs, in order to measure it as a percentage 
of the total risk-exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution. 
BRRD and SRM Regulation require institutions to meet MREL at all times, which has to be determined 
by the resolution authority in order to ensure the effectiveness of the bail-in tool and other resolution 
tools. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the 
above resolution tools to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial stability, to be 
able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. 
These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements 
of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or 
other liabilities as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). The BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a 
solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided 
by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders 
contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to write-down permanently or convert into equity capital instruments, such as any subordinated 
debt securities, at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses 
taken (Non-Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares issued to holders of subordinated debt securities 
upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any future application of the general bail-
in tool or other powers under the BRRD. The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at 
which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no 
resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments (including subordinated debt securities) are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of subordinated debt securities, non-viability 
loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of Notes will depend 
on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such 
as depositors. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-in 
tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation 
of the relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” under the BRRD). 
Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and 
there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments 
(if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due 
under the Notes. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the 
maturity of certain debt instruments (such as senior notes) issued by an institution under resolution or 
amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
For Member States participating in the Banking Union (which includes France), the SRM fully 
harmonises the range of available tools, but Member States are authorised to introduce additional tools 
at national level to deal with crises, as long as they are compatible with the resolution objectives and 
principles set out in the BRRD. 
As from November 2014, the ECB has taken over the prudential supervision under the SSM of 
significant credit institutions in Eurozone member states. In addition, an SRM has been set up to ensure 
that the resolution of banks across the Eurozone is harmonised. Under Article 5(1) of the SRM 
Regulation, the SRB has been granted those responsibilities and powers granted to the member states' 
resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB. The 
ability of the SRB to exercise these powers came into force at the start of 2016. 
CA Auto Bank has been designated as a significant supervised entity for the purposes of the SSM 
Regulation and is consequently subject to the direct supervision of the ECB. This means that CA Auto 
Bank is also subject to the SRM, which came into force in 2015. The SRM Regulation mirrors the 
BRRD and, to a large extent, refers to the BRRD so that the SRB is able to apply the same powers that 
would otherwise be available to the relevant national resolution authority.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 (Decree 180) and 181/2015 (together, the 
BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 
16 November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the 
provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the 
existing Italian Banking Law and deals principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes 
to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Decrees entered into force on the date of publication on the Italian 
Official Gazette (i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the general bail-in tool applied from 1 January 
2016; and (ii) a “depositor preference” granted for deposits other than those protected by the deposit 
guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs applied from 1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution 
authorities may not exercise the write-down/conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, 
including covered bonds or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may 
be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related 
hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is 
secured. 
On 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 (Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/860) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the application 
of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying further 
the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority 
may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion 
powers where the bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 entered into force 
on 21 June 2016. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes 
such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the 
coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU 
(the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive) have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which 
is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors, such 
as holders of the Senior Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, 
from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in 
insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 
has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to 
liquidation proceedings (and therefore the hierarchy which will apply in order to assess claims pursuant 
to the safeguard provided for in Article 75 of the BRRD as described above), by providing that, as from 
1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess 
deposits of individuals and SMEs (which benefit from the super-priority required under Article 108 of 
the BRRD) will benefit from priority over senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is 
lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit 
guarantee scheme.  This means that, as from 1 January 2019, liabilities in the form of deposits, including 
retail as well as large corporate and interbank deposits, if any, which under the national insolvency 
regime currently in force in Italy rank higher than Senior Notes in normal insolvency proceedings. 
Following the launch of its retail deposit-taking activity as referred to under “Description of CA Auto 
Bank – Section 3.2 – Funding Activities – (h) Deposits”, it should be noted that any such deposits would 
rank senior to the obligations of CA Auto Bank under the Notes in the event of insolvency or resolution 
proceedings applicable to CA Auto Bank. It is important to note that a new class of non-preferred senior 
debt was introduced by the Italian Government in December 2017. For further details, please see the 
risk factor entitled “EU Banking Reform package” above.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory 
rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any 
creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary.  Each holder of Notes expressly waives 
any rights of set-off or netting arrangments or other similar remedy which they might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Notes which in practice would undermine their 
capacity to absors losses. It is clear that the statutory right of set-off available under Italian insolvency 
laws will likewise not apply.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Senior Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in tool 
and, in the case of any subordinated debt securities, Non-Viability Loss Absorption, which in each case 
may result in the holders thereof losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of these, or any 
other power, under the BRRD, or any suggestion, or perceived suggestion, of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in 
any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The legislative decree intended to implement the revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy 
– namely, Legislative Decree no. 30 of 15 February 2016 – has been published in the Italian Official 
Gazette No. 56 of 8 March 2016. The Decree came into force on 9 March 2016, except for Article 1 
comma 3, let. A), which came into force on 1 July 2018. Amongst other things, the Decree amends 
Italian Banking Law and: (i) establishes that the maximum amount of reimbursement to depositors is 
€100,000 (this level of coverage has been harmonised by the Directive and is applicable to all deposit 
guarantee schemes); (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes 
should have; (iii) details intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee scheme; and (iv) 
harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
As of 2016, in addition to the capital requirements under the CRD IV Package, as subsequently amended 
by the CRD V Package, the BRRD introduces requirements for European banks to maintain at all times 
a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds or eligible liabilities (the Minimum Requirements for 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities, MREL). Under Article 45 of the BRRD, MREL is to be 
calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of total liabilities 
and own funds of the institution. The MREL requirements constrain the structure of liabilities and 
require the use of subordinated debt, which has an impact on cost and potentially on the Isssuer’s 
financing capacity. 
.  
Revision to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2). The BRRD, as subsequently amended by the 
BRRD2, is commonly referred to as BRRD. BRRD2 provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the 
implementation of the TLAC standard applying from January 2022, while the transitional period for 
full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a 
linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst 
other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of “top-tier” banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
In particular, with a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU 
Banking Reform Package and the BRRD2 introduce MREL applicable to G-SIIs with the TLAC 
standard and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that 
G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of 
a given G-SII. BRRD2 introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a 
Pillar 1 MREL requirement) applicable to G-SIIs only. The BRRD2 includes important changes as it 
introduces a new category of banks, so-called top-tier banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed Euro 100 billion. At the 
same time, the BRRD2 introduces a minimum harmonised MREL requirement (also referred to as a 
Pillar 1 MREL requirement) which applies to G-SIIs and also top-tier banks. In addition, resolution 
authorities will be able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs and top tier 
banks comply with a supplementary MREL requirement (a Pillar 2 MREL requirement). A 
subordination requirement is also generally required for MREL eligible liabilities under BRRD2, but 
exceptions apply. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD2 provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would 
otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees 
take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
In Italy, the BRRD2 has been implemented by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021(the 
Decree 193), which entered into force on 30 November 2021 and amended the BRRD Decrees and the 
Italian Banking Law. The provisions set forth in the Decree no. 193 includes, among other things:  
(i) Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Decree 180 aligned the Italian regulatory framework regulating MREL, 
and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set forth in the BRRD2.  
In particular, the amended version of Decree 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by 
the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(a) the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to 
meet the resolution’s objectives; 
(b) the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in 
tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could be 
absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to 
a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according 
to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for 
certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient 
under a partial transfer;

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(c) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due 
to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or with the rest of the financial system.  
(ii) New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Italian Banking Law has been modified by Decree 193 to transpose into the Italian 
legislative framework the provisions set forth in Article 48(7) of the BRRD2.  
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not 
qualify (and no part thereof is recognised) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items 
(including any instruments only partly recognised as own funds items) and junior to senior non-
preferred instruments. Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, 
they will rank senior to own funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
The abovementioned provision also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of 
Decree 193, such as 1 December 2021.  
(iii) New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Law, introduced by Decree 193, provides for the determination of 
a minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 
200,000 for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non 
Preferred debt instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello).  
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment securities having 
as their object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Law issued after 1 
December 2021, that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 
25-quater of the Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree 193).  
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in 
force on the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been 
repealed by Article 5 of the Decree 193.    
The Regulatory Treatment of NPLs 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published the “Guidance to banks on non-performing loans”, and on 15 
March 2018 the "Addendum to ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", both addressed to 
credit institutions, as defined pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1, of the CRR. These guidance papers are 
addressed, in general, to all significant institutions subject to direct supervision in the context of the 
SSM, including their international subsidiaries. The ECB banking supervision identified in the 
aforementioned guidance a set of practices which are deemed useful to indicate the expectations of ECB 
in relation to banking supervision. The documents set out measures, processes and best practices which 
should be integrated in the treatment of NPLs by banks, for which this issue should represent a priority. 
The ECB expects full adherence by banks to these guidance papers regarding the treatment of NPLs, 
which is expected to take into account the length of time a loan has been non-performing and the extent 
and valuation of collateral (if any). In particular, the addendum issued by the ECB on March 2018 
provides that, with respect to all the loans that will be qualified as Impaired Loans as from 2018, full 
coverage is expected for the unsecured portion of the NPL within two years and within seven years for 
secured portion at the latest.  
On 17 April 2019 the European Parliament and the Council has adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/630 
which is applicable from 26 April 2019 and introduces common minimum loss coverage levels for

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
newly originated loans that become non-performing. Pursuant to this regulation, where the minimum 
coverage requirement is not met, the difference between the current coverage level and the requirement 
should be deducted from a bank's CET1 capital. Thus, the minimum coverage levels act as a "statutory 
prudential backstop". The required coverage increases gradually depending on how long an exposure 
has been classified as non-performing, being lower during the first years. In order to facilitate a smooth 
transition towards the new prudential backstop, the new rules should be applied in relation to exposures 
originated prior to 26 April 2019 and exposures which were originated prior to 26 April 2019 and are 
modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution's exposure to the obligor. 
Following the adoption of the new regulation on the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs, on 22 August 2019 the 
ECB revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the 
addendum in order to limit the scope to NPEs arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019, which 
are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE treatment, and to align the treatment with the Pillar 1 framework with 
reference to: (i) the relevant prudential provisioning time frames; (ii) the progressive path to full 
implementation; (iii) the split secured exposures; and (iv) the treatment of NPEs guaranteed/insured by 
an official export credit agency. 
In addition to the above, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on 
tackling NPLs. In particular, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ balance sheets, 
the Commission proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets 
for distressed assets (in particular, call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit 
purchasers and the recovery of collateral; establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA 
templates to be used during the disposal of the NPLs); (ii) reform the EU’s corporate insolvency and 
debt recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and cooperation of national asset management 
companies at EU level; and (iv) introduce precautionary public support measures, where needed, to 
ensure the continued funding of the real economy under the BRRD. 
The Securitisation Framework 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (EU 
Securitisation Regulation) which has applied from 1 January 2019. The EU Securitisation Regulation 
creates a single set of common rules for European “institutional investors” (as defined in the EU 
Securitisation Regulation) as regards (i) risk retention, (ii) due diligence, (iii) transparency, and (iv) 
underwriting criteria for loans to be comprised in securitisation pools. Such common rules replace the 
relevant existing provisions in CRR, the Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the AIFM Regulation) and 
the Regulation (EU) No. 25/2015 (the Solvency II Regulation) and introduce similar rules for UCITS 
management companies as regulated by the UCITS Directive and institutions for occupational 
retirement provisions falling within the scope of Directive (EU) 2016/2341 or an investment manager 
or an authorised entity appointed by an institution for occupational retirement provisions pursuant to 
article 32 of Directive (EU) 2016/2341. Secondly, the EU Securitisation Regulation creates a European 
framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisations (STS-securitisations).  
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of 
non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPL securitisations by assigning different 
risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 
6 April 2021, the Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation 
Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments 
to the securitisation framework to support the economy recovery in response to COVID-19 crisis were 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021.  
In addition, on 14 May 2021, the European Central Bank announced its decision to start ensuring that 
the banks it directly supervises comply with the requirements for risk retention, transparency and

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
resecuritisation, which are envisaged in Articles 6 to 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The decision 
follows some clarifications to the recent amendments to the EU Securitisation Regulation. In particular, 
such changes explicitly provide that risk retention, transparency and ban on resecuritisation 
requirements are of a prudential nature and, therefore, should be supervised by the competent prudential 
supervisory authorities. Consequently, such supervision shall be considered an ECB competence. On 1 
April 2022, the ECB sets out the notification guidelines that significant institutions (as defined in Article 
2(16) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014) acting as originators or sponsors of a securitisation transaction 
have to follow in order to provide the ECB with information needed for the supervision of compliance 
with Articles 6 to 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. Based on the ECB “Guideline on the 
notification of securitisation transactions” of 21 November, 2021, the ECB notification applies to all 
securitisations: (a) which are in scope of the EU Securitisation Regulation; (b) irrespective of their 
nature; (c) where the originator or sponsor is a significant institution (as mentioned above); and (d) 
which are closed after on 1 April 2022, or before 1 April 2022 when a significant event pursuant to 
Article 7, paragraph 1, letter g) of the EU Securitisation Regulation occurs. Such notification shall be 
made within one month from the closing date and shall contain: 
(i) the main information relating to the transaction (including, among others, the type of 
securitisation, the closing date, the nominal value of the securitised exposure and of the tranches 
issued); 
(ii) the information relating to the securities exposures (i.e. the type of exposures, the non-
performing exposures and the ramp-up, if any); 
(iii)the information relating to the securitisation positions (including, among others, the 
legal/expected maturity date, the number of tranches and the information on the risk retention); 
(iv) the confirmation in writing as to the compliance with Articles 6 and 7 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation and the relevant delegated regulations; 
(v) an assessment of the internal procedures and policy set up with the aim to ensure compliance 
with Articles 6, 7 and 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
TAXATION 
Taxation in Ireland 
The following is a general summary of certain material Irish tax consequences applicable to holders of 
Notes in respect of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
This general summary is based on Irish taxation laws currently in force, regulations promulgated 
thereunder, specific proposals to amend any of the foregoing publicly announced prior to the date 
hereto and the currently published administrative practices of the Irish Revenue Commissioners, all as 
of the date hereof. Taxation laws are subject to change, from time to time, and no representation is or 
can be made as to whether such laws will change or what impact, if any, such changes will have on the 
statements contained in this summary. It is assumed for the purposes of this summary that any proposed 
amendments will be enacted in the form proposed. No assurance can be given that proposed 
amendments will be enacted as proposed or that legislative or judicial changes or changes in 
administrative practice will not modify or change the statements expressed herein. 
This summary is of a general nature only. It does not constitute tax or legal advice and does not discuss 
all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes (including but not 
limited to social welfare taxes and universal social charges). 
HOLDERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS WITH 
RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF IRISH TAXATION LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR 
CIRCUMSTANCES IN RELATION TO THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP OR DISPOSITION OF 
NOTES. 
This summary only applies to persons (including companies) that legally and beneficially hold their 
Notes as capital assets (i.e. investments) and does not address certain classes of persons including, but 
not limited to persons who hold more than 10 per cent. of the issued share capital of any class in CA 
Auto Bank S.p.A., dealers in securities, insurance companies, pension schemes, employment share 
ownership trusts, collective investment undertakings, charities, tax exempt organisations, financial 
institutions and close companies each of which may be subject to special rules not discussed below. 
Income Tax, PRSI, Universal Social Charge and Corporation Tax 
Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest, discount or premium on the Notes free of 
withholding tax (see the heading "Withholding Tax" below), the Noteholder may still be liable to pay 
Irish income tax with respect to interest, premium or discount on the Notes. Persons resident or 
ordinarily resident in Ireland are generally liable to Irish income tax on their worldwide income. In the 
case of persons that are individuals, interest (including discounts) from the Notes will be liable to 
income tax at the marginal rate (currently either 20 per cent. or 40 per cent. depending on their 
circumstances). In the case of corporate entities resident in Ireland, corporation tax at 25 per cent. will 
apply. Noteholders resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland who are individuals may also be liable to 
pay Irish social insurance (PRSI) contributions and the universal social charge in respect of interest, 
premium or discount they receive on the Notes. 
Persons who are neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland are generally liable to Irish tax only 
in respect of Irish source income. As the Issuer is an Irish branch of an Italian company, interest, 
discounts and premium on the Notes may be considered to have an Irish source and therefore come 
within the charge to Irish income tax. 
Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of tax and any person, including a person who is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope 
except in respect of:

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(a) 
interest paid by or a discount arising on securities issued by the Issuer in the ordinary course of 
the trade or business carried on by the Issuer, to a company, where such company is not resident 
in Ireland and is either resident for taxation purposes in a Relevant Territory which imposes a tax 
that generally applies to interest receivable in the Relevant Territory from sources outside the 
Relevant Territories or the interest is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under the 
terms of a double tax agreement which is either in force or which will come into force once all 
ratification procedures have been completed. A relevant territory is a Member State of the 
European Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which Ireland has a double taxation 
agreement in force or that is signed and which will come into force once all ratification 
procedures have been completed (Relevant Territory); 
(b) 
interest paid by the Issuer on a quoted Eurobond which is paid free of withholding tax in 
accordance with the conditions set out below under the heading “Withholding Tax”, paragraph 
(a) thereof, to: (1) a person who is not resident in Ireland and who is resident for tax purposes in 
a Relevant Territory; or (2) companies which are under the control, whether directly or indirectly, 
of person(s) who by virtue of the law of a Relevant Territory are resident for the purposes of tax 
in a Relevant Territory and are not under the control of person(s) who are not so resident; or (3) 
75 per cent. subsidiary companies of a company or companies the principal class of shares in 
which is substantially and regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange; and 
(c) 
interest paid by the Issuer on a wholesale debt instrument which is paid free of withholding tax 
in accordance with the conditions set out below under the heading “Withholding Tax”, paragraph 
(c) thereof, to: (1) a person who is not resident in Ireland and who is resident for tax purposes in 
a Relevant Territory; or (2) companies which are under the control, whether directly or indirectly, 
of person(s) who by virtue of the law of a Relevant Territory are resident for the purposes of tax 
in a Relevant Territory and are not under the control of person(s) who are not so resident; or (3) 
75 per cent. subsidiary companies of a company or companies the principal class of shares in 
which is substantially and regularly traded on a recognised stock exchange. 
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in 
Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed, may have a 
liability to Irish corporation tax on the interest. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under the specific provisions of a relevant double 
tax treaty. 
Interest, premium and discount on the Notes which does not fall within the above exemptions is within 
the charge to income tax and, in the case of Noteholders who are individuals, the charge to the universal 
social charge. In the past the Irish Revenue Commissioners have not pursued liability to income tax in 
respect of persons who are not regarded as being resident in Ireland except where such persons have a 
taxable presence of some sort in Ireland or seek to claim any relief or repayment in respect of Irish tax. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Irish Revenue Commissioners will apply this treatment in 
the case of any Noteholder. 
Withholding Tax 
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.), is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest which should include interest payable on the Notes. The Issuer will 
not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment 
of interest on a Note so long as the interest paid on the relevant Note falls within one of the following 
categories: 
(a) 
Interest paid on a quoted Eurobond: A quoted Eurobond is a security which is issued by a 
company (such as the Issuer), is listed on a recognised stock exchange (such as Euronext Dublin)

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
and carries a right to interest. Provided that the Notes issued under this Programme are interest 
bearing and are listed on Euronext Dublin (or any other recognised stock exchange), interest paid 
on them can be paid free of withholding tax provided: 
(i) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or 
(ii) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland and either: 
(A) 
the Note is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners; (Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so 
recognised); or 
(B) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is 
beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the 
prescribed form. 
Thus, so long as the Notes are quoted on Euronext Dublin and are held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg,  interest on the Notes can be paid by any Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer 
without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax. If the Notes continue to be 
quoted but cease to be held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Notes may be paid without 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made 
through a paying agent outside Ireland. 
(b) 
Short interest: Short interest is interest payable on a debt for a fixed period that is not intended 
to exceed, and, in fact, does not exceed, 365 days. The test is a commercial test applied to the 
commercial intent of each series of Notes issued under the Programme. For example, if there is 
an arrangement or understanding (whether legally binding or not) for the relevant series of Notes 
(or particular Note within a series) to have a life of 365 days of more, the interest paid on the 
relevant Note(s) will not be short interest and, unless an exemption applies, a withholding will 
arise. 
(c) 
Interest paid on a wholesale debt instrument: A “wholesale debt instrument” includes 
commercial paper (as defined in Section 246A(1) of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, of 
Ireland (the TCA)). In that context “commercial paper” means a debt instrument, either in 
physical or electronic form, relating to money in any currency, which is issued by a company, 
recognises an obligation to pay a stated amount, carries a right to interest or is issued at a discount 
or at a premium, and matures within 2 years. The exemption from Irish withholding tax applies 
if: 
(i) 
the wholesale debt instrument is held in a recognised clearing system (which includes 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear); and 
(ii) 
the wholesale debt instrument is of an approved denomination; and in this context an 
approved denomination means a denomination of not less than: 
(A) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in euro, €500,000; 
(B) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in United States Dollars, US$500,000; or 
(C) 
in the case of an instrument denominated in a currency other than Euro or United 
States Dollars, the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 using the 
conversion rate applicable at the time the programme under which the instrument is 
to be issued is first publicised.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
(d) 
Interest paid to certain non-residents: If, for any reason, the exemptions referred to above 
cease to apply, interest payments may still be made free of withholding tax provided that the 
interest is paid in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business and the Noteholder is a company 
which is either resident in a Relevant Territory which imposes a tax that generally applies to 
interest receivable in that Relevant Territory from sources outside the Relevant Territory or the 
interest is exempted from the charge to Irish income tax under the terms of a double tax 
agreement which is in force or which will come into force once all ratification procedures have 
been completed and further provided in either case that the interest is not paid to the Noteholder 
in connection with a trade or business carried on by the Noteholder in Ireland through a branch 
or agency. 
The Issuer must be satisfied that the respective terms of the exemptions are satisfied. The test of 
residence in each case is determined by reference to the law of the Relevant Territory in which the 
Noteholder claims to be resident.  
For other holders of Notes, interest may be paid free of withholding tax if the Noteholder is the 
beneficial owner of the interest to be paid, the Noteholder is resident in a double tax treaty country, 
under the provisions of the relevant treaty with Ireland such Noteholder is exempt from Irish tax on the 
interest and the Noteholder has made a valid self-certification in the prescribed form from the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners to the Issuer before the interest is paid and the self-certification remains valid 
at the time of payment. The Issuer must also comply with some administrative obligations to pay interest 
free of withholding tax in these circumstances. 
Discounts paid on Notes will not be subject to Irish withholding tax. 
Deposit Interest Retention Tax (DIRT) 
The interest on the Notes will not be liable to DIRT where the Notes are listed.  In the case of any 
unlisted Notes, DIRT should only apply to interest on Notes held by Irish resident individuals; however, 
declarations may need to be provided by any other holders of unlisted Notes to prevent the imposition 
of DIRT on interest received by them. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25 per cent. from interest 
on any Note, where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on 
behalf of any Noteholder. There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner 
of the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form 
to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within 
the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the interest. 
Capital Gains Tax (CGT) 
A holder of Notes will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes unless such 
holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland or carries on a trade in Ireland through a branch 
or agency in respect of which the Notes were used or held. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax (CAT) 
Definitive Notes will constitute Irish assets for CAT purposes. Bearer Notes will constitute Irish assets 
for CAT purposes if they are physically located in Ireland. Irish gift or inheritance tax may arise where 
the donor or beneficiary is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the 
disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) on the 
relevant date or the Notes in question are regarded as Irish assets at the date of disposition or inheritance.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Where the value of the gift or inheritance exceeds applicable exemption thresholds the excess is subject 
to CAT (currently at a rate of 33 per cent.). No CAT is payable on a gift or inheritance from a spouse. 
Stamp Duty 
Issuance of Notes 
No stamp duty arises on the issue of the Notes. 
Transfer of the Notes 
As the Issuer is not an Irish registered company, the transfer on sale or gift of Notes should not attract 
Irish stamp duty unless a) the Notes derive value directly or indirectly from non-residential or residential 
immovable property situated in Ireland (and certain other conditions are satisfied) or b) the transfer is 
related to (i) shares or securities of a company having its register in Ireland or (ii) Irish land and 
buildings (or loans secured on such assets). 
Taxation in Italy 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which could be made 
on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of 
all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose 
of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes.  
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same 
English term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed 
by using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English 
terms. 
Tax treatment of interest and proceeds payable under the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended (Decree 239), provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, 
inter alia, by Italian banks (including CA Auto Bank S.p.A acting through its Irish branch). For this 
purpose, bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not grant 
the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or of control of) to management of the issuer. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Italian resident holder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see 
"Capital Gains Tax" below), (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute 
tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the holders 
described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident holder of the Notes is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised Intermediary (as defined below), interest, premium and other income 
from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant holder's 
income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the holder, also to the regional tax on productive activities 
(IRAP)). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 
2010, converted into Law n. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all 
as amended, payments of interest, premiums and other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, 
or to Italian real estate investment companies with fixed capital (Real Estate SICAFs, and, together 
with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to 
substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund, provided that the Notes 
are timely deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below). Subsequent distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of 
redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status 
of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund may be attributed to the 
relevant investors and subject to taxation in their hands regardless of distribution and in proportion to 
the percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
Italian investment company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an Italian 
investment company with variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (each, a Fund), and 
the relevant Notes are held by an authorised Intermediary (as defined below), interest, premium and 
other income accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation 
on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. (the Collective Investment Fund Withholding 
Tax) may apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident holder of a Note is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised Intermediary (as defined below), interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes 
and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included 
in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. 
substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which 
increase would include interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di Intermediazione Mobiliare 
(SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di Gestione del Risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through 
a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 
239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or 
other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies, provided that the non-Italian 
resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of relevant interest (certain types of institutional investors 
are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and is: (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy included in the list provided 
for by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time (possibly 
further amended by future Ministerial Decrees to be issued under Article 11, paragraph 4, let. c) of 
Decree No. 239) (the White List); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a central bank or an entity which 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is 
established in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy listed in the 
White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders above must: (a) deposit, in due time, 
directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a 
centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the Italian Ministry 
of Economy and Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239 
(Euroclear and Clearstream qualify as such latter kind of depositary); and (b) file with the relevant 
depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in 
which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not required for international bodies or entities set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign central banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth 
in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta 
sostitutiva on interest payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for 
by the applicable double tax treaty, if any, and subject to timely filing of the required documentation)

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
in respect to interest accrued in the hands of Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries 
which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy not included in the White List. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to the Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly 
or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the 
securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes 
not falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni), if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set 
forth under Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all 
other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any 
applicable tax treaty, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the holder, also as part of the net 
value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or 
Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident holder of the Notes is (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such holder of the Notes from the sale or redemption of 
the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Holders 
of the Notes may set off losses with gains. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same kind, realised by the 
investor pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The 
relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
-

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the 
Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) or those intermediaries have in any case 
been entrusted to collect proceeds and operate as Italian tax agents for securities held abroad within the 
limits set out by the Italian tax authorities; and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato 
regime being made in writing by the relevant holder of the Notes in a timely manner. The Italian 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation 
of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the holder of the Notes or using funds provided by the holder of the Notes for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital 
loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the holder of the Notes is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per 
cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito 
regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the 
risparmio gestito regime, the holder of the Notes is not required to declare the capital gains realised in 
its annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set 
forth under Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a holder of the Notes which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with 
the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income realised by 
the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund may 
be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a holder of the Notes which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 
20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, capital gains relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised from the disposal of the Notes by the Real Estate Funds are subject neither 
to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income realised by the unitholders or 
shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund 
is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution and in 
proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains 
realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held 
or deemed to be held in Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident 
issuer, which are traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad (and, in certain cases, subject to filing 
of required documentation) are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income 
tax, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double 
tax treaty. The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) 
under MiFID II can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for income tax purposes; conversely, 
organized trading facilities (OTF), not falling in the definition of MTF under MiFID II, cannot be 
assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated 
markets and held in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Noteholder is the 
beneficial owner of the capital gain (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial 
owners by operation of law) and is: (a) resident for income tax purposes in a country included in the 
White List; or (b) an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is established in a country 
included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein, in any case, to the 
extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 and in the relevant implementation 
rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met 
or complied with in due time, if applicable. In this case, if the non-Italian Noteholders have opted for 
the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains 
tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements indicated 
above. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from 
the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets and held in Italy may be subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. On the contrary, as indicated above, should the 
Notes be traded on regulated markets, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders would 
not be subject to Italian taxation, even if such Notes are held in Italy. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of Notes, provided all the conditions for its application are met.  In this 
case, if the non-Italian resident Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the 
risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that 
they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include,

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-
Italian Noteholders. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other 
securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
• 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
• 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; 
and 
• 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfers of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable set forth under Italian law – are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject 
to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private 
autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds (scritture private non 
autenticate) are subject to registration tax only in "case of use" (caso d'uso) or in case of "explicit 
reference" (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duties on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as amended (Decree no. 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic 
reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in 
Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and, for taxpayers different from individuals, 
cannot exceed €14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount or, if the nominal or redemption 
values cannot be determined, on the purchase value, of the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of 
an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for 
which it is not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting 
periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the 
relevant securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not 
directly held by the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth 
tax on financial products held abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
Wealth tax on financial products held abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-
commercial private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnerships, holding the Notes 
outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (IVAFE). For 
taxpayers different from individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or if the nominal or redemption 
values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in 
the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they 
are administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the 
items of income derived from such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In 
this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 
642 does apply. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 
22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report 
for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not 
due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return) 
the amount of investments directly or indirectly held abroad. The disclosure requirements are not due 
if, inter alia, the foreign financial investments (including the Notes) are held through an Italian resident 
intermediary (on the condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax 
by the same intermediary) or are only comprised of deposits and/or bank accounts having an aggregate 
value not exceeding an €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
The disclosure requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the beneficial owner of such instruments. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, the participating Member States). 
However, Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Italy and Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would apply not prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are 
published  generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 15 (Further Issues) 
of the Conditions of the Notes) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes that are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 9 October 2023, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final 
Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
 (b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and 
(B) 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and 
(B) 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
In connection with the issue of any Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 
(as amended, the MiFID Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, 
any codes of conduct made under the MiFID Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the Companies Act), the Central Bank 
Acts 1942 - 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the 
Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect to the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank 
under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in the Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with 
applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any application provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(ii)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
 
(a) 
             be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); 
and 
(b) 
             comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No.228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian 
Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than:  
(i)  
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA;  
(ii)  
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or  
(iii)  
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision 
of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, each of the Issuers has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The updating of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolution of the 
Board of Directors of CA Auto Bank dated 29 September 2023. 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market (as defined below) or any other regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
requirements imposed under EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made 
to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of the 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. However, Notes 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the life of this Base Prospectus copies of the following documents will, when published, be available 
for inspection at https://www.ca-autobank.com/en/investor-relations/funding-programs/mtn-bond-
issues/: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(c) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and nominal amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of CA Auto 
Bank or the CA Auto Bank Group since 30 June 2023 and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of CA Auto Bank or the CA Auto Bank Group since 31 December 2022.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed under “10. Regulatory and Legal Proceedings” at pages 120 to 122 of this Base 
Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the CA Auto Bank Group is or has been involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer or the CA Auto Bank Group. 
Auditors 
At the general meeting held on 25 March 2020, PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA was appointed as auditor 
of the Issuer from the year ending 31 December 2021 to the year ending 31 December 2029. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA is registered under No. 119644 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali), held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with the 
provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 2010, No. 39. PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA, which 
is located at Piazza Tre Torri 2, 20145, Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI, the Italian 
association of auditing firms. PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA’s independent auditors’ report on the 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
advisory, corporate finance, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for the Issuer and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain 
of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans and the Notes issued under the Programme) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or their respective affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer (as applicable) consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Furthermore, the net proceeds from an issue of Notes may also be applied to refinance existing 
indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of which certain Dealers and/or their affiliates may act as lenders. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, “affiliates” includes also parent companies. 
100 per cent. of CA Auto Bank’s share capital is owned by Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance, a 
subsidiary of Crédit Agricole. CA Auto Bank currently has ten directors, of which two being 
independent. In addition, Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance currently provides a significant portion of 
the total funding sources of CA Auto Bank and its subsidiaries. As a result, Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance and other entities of the Crédit Agricole Group may have interests which could conflict with 
the interests of the holders of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 163 ---
ISSUER 
CA Auto Bank S.p.A., acting through its Irish branch 
29 Fitzwilliam Place 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
33 Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Italian law 
 
 
Allen & Overy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II 
Via Ansperto, 5 
00186 Rome 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Italy 
 
 
as to Irish law 
 
Arthur Cox LLP 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
To the Arranger and Dealers as to English law 
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers SpA 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
Milan, 20145 
Italy

--- Page 164 ---
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 Montrouge Cédex 
France 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T38 
Ireland