--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2024 
 
 
 
 
CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL  
(société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution) 
€75,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Due from one month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Caisse Française de Financement Local (the "Issuer", 
"Caisse Française de Financement Local" or "Caffil"), subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer and the 
Obligations Foncières, may from time to time issue obligations foncières (the "Obligations Foncières") benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as more fully described herein. The aggregate nominal amount of Obligations Foncières outstanding will not at any time 
exceed €75,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Obligations Foncières). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Obligations Foncières that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Obligations Foncières.  
Application may be made for Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted by the AMF on the 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined below) and/or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any member state (the "Member State(s)") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"), appearing on 
the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (each, a "Regulated Market"). The Obligations Foncières may 
also be admitted to trading on any other stock exchange or may not be admitted to trading on any market. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (forms of which are contained 
herein) in respect of the issue of any Obligations Foncières will specify whether or not such Obligations Foncières will be admitted to trading and/or offered to the public pursuant 
to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Obligations Foncières on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public of Obligations Foncières 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 8 July 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Obligations Foncières. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Obligations Foncières may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Obligations Foncières") or in materialised form ("Materialised Obligations Foncières") 
as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Obligations Foncières will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Obligations Foncières.  
It is expected that the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme will be rated AA+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and/or Aaa by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's") and/or AAA by DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS") and by their respective successors 
and/or any other rating agency. The rating (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of S&P, Moody's and/or DBRS is 
established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is appearing on the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by ESMA on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Obligations Foncières will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
The Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme will benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label created by ordinance (ordonnance) No. 
2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision. The authorization to use this label has been granted by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) to Caisse Française de Financement Local on 6 September 2022. However, no representation is made that any Obligations Foncières to be issued 
under the Programme will actually be and remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. 
Since 1 January 2013, Caisse Française de Financement Local benefits for all its obligations foncières from the Covered Bond Label granted by the Covered Bond Label Foundation. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Obligations Foncières admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published on the websites of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr), in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Obligations 
Foncières issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
 
Permanent Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time 
(each a "Supplement" and together the "Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to, 
the Issuer and the Obligations Foncières, which contains the necessary information which is material to 
investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position 
and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Obligations Foncières, the reasons for the issuance and 
its impact on the Issuer and may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement and with all 
documents incorporated by reference (see section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this 
Base Prospectus) and in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Obligations Foncières, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Obligations Foncières and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined herein). Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Obligations Foncières in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Obligations Foncières and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of this Base Prospectus. 
NOTICE 
Each prospective investor in Obligations Foncières must determine, based on its own independent review and 
such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Obligations Foncières is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is 
fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and 
suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding 
the Obligations Foncières. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Obligations Foncières 
or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the subscription or acquisition of the Obligations Foncières by a 
prospective investor in the Obligations Foncières, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different) or for compliance by that prospective 
investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE 
INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Each potential investor in the Obligations Foncières must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Obligations 
Foncières, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Obligations Foncières and the information 
contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Obligations Foncières and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Obligations Foncières, including Obligations Foncières with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Obligations Foncières and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(vi) 
consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in the Obligations Foncières 
(in particular to determine whether and to what extent (i) Obligations Foncières are legal investments 
for it, (ii) Obligations Foncières can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase of any Obligations Foncières). 
Some Obligations Foncières are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Obligations Foncières which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial advisor) to evaluate 
how the Obligations Foncières will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
such Obligations Foncières and the impact this investment will have on the overall investment portfolio of the 
potential investor. 
The Materialised Obligations Foncières are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States of America or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Obligations Foncières. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements nor any other 
documents incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other documents incorporated by reference 
should purchase the Obligations Foncières. Each potential purchaser of Obligations Foncières should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Obligations Foncières should be based upon such investigation as it deems

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Obligations Foncières of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Arranger or the Dealers. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Obligations Foncières. A 
rating assigned to the Obligations Foncières is based on the Issuer's financial situation but takes into account 
other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Obligations 
Foncières, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Obligations Foncières. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
Obligations Foncières linked to an inflation index which will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding 
tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published monthly 
by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") or (ii) the harmonised index 
of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) or the relevant substitute index measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union, as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (each, an "Inflation Index" and 
together, the "Inflation Indices") (the "Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières") are not in any way sponsored, 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat makes 
no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the 
use of any of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which each such indices stands at any particular time. 
The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may 
be, without regard to the Issuer or the Obligations Foncières. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is 
not responsible for, or has not participated in, the determination of the timing, prices or quantities of the 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest 
payable under such Obligations Foncières.  
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as 
to the Inflation Indices. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Obligations 
Foncières may acquire, non-public information with respect to any of the Inflation Indices that is or may be 
material in the context of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières. The issue of Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to disclose to the holders of Obligations 
Foncières or any other party such information (whether or not confidential).  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE RELATING TO GREEN OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES, SOCIAL OBLIGATIONS 
FONCIERES OR SUSTAINABILITY OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in green Obligations Foncières (the "Green Obligations Foncières"), social Obligations Foncières 
(the "Social Obligations Foncières") or sustainability Obligations Foncières (the "Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières"), as the case may be, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of proceeds for any loan will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by the Issuer's own by-laws or other

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or social impact of any loan or uses related to any loan. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes a "social", a "sustainability" or an equivalently-labelled asset. The definition of a "green" project 
or benefiting from a similar label has been established by the Taxonomy Regulation (as defined in section 
entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus) which defines the criteria to determine whether an economic 
activity can be considered environmentally sustainable. In addition, the requirements of any such label may 
evolve from time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Arranger or any Dealer to 
investors that any loan or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Arranger or any Dealer as to the content, suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Obligations 
Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, and in 
particular with any loan, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Obligations Foncières, such Social Obligations Foncières or such 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the second party 
opinions, nor any such other opinion or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Obligations 
Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières to fulfil environmental 
or social criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor 
are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Green Obligations 
Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, 
meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds or the allocation by the Issuer of the proceeds 
(or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) of the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières 
or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières.  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières, as the case may be, shall not depend on the performance of the relevant loan. 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) any 
Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged 
retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) 
any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or, as applicable, (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Obligations Foncières may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023 and 
which channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of 7 April 2016, as amended (the 
"MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Obligations Foncières is a 
manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Obligations Foncières, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity 
and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Obligations Foncières 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières and which channels for distribution of the Obligations 
Foncières are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Obligations 
Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Obligations Foncières is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Obligations Foncières, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Obligations Foncières, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are "capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................................... 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 54 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE PROSPECTUS .................... 59 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS..................................................................................................... 61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES ................................................................... 62 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED OBLIGATIONS 
FONCIÈRES .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 126 
DESCRIPTION OF CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL ........................................................ 127 
THE LEGAL REGIME APPLICABLE TO CAFFIL ............................................................................................ 133 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................... 139 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................................... 145 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ........................................................... 151 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................................................. 153 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ................................................................................................................................... 154 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................ 157 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................... 158 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ................................................................................................................................. 165 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ................................................................................................................................. 194 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 224 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS........................ 229

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Obligations Foncières, the relevant Final Terms. The Obligations Foncières will be issued on such terms as 
shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" of this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Caisse Française de Financement Local, a limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under French law and a société de crédit foncier duly 
licensed as a French specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) on 1 October 1999. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
 
549300E6W08778I4OW85 
Website: 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr  
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under 
the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches or as Permanent Dealers under the Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons referred to above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
"Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the Issuer, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer and the Obligations Foncières, may from time to time issue 
obligations foncières (the "Obligations Foncières") the principal and interest of 
which benefit from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Privilège") (for 
further description, see section entitled "The Legal Regime Applicable to Caffil" of 
this Base Prospectus). 
Label: 
European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €75,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Obligations Foncières) 
aggregate nominal amount of Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme 
outstanding at any time. 
The Programme Limit may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the amended and restated dealer agreement entered 
into between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, 
Consolidation 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Obligations Foncières: 
 
 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or 
the Obligations Foncières and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk 
associated with the Obligations Foncières and of which prospective investors 
should be aware. Such risks may alter its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Obligations Foncières towards investors. These are set out under section entitled 
"Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
The Obligations Foncières may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Series and Tranches: 
The Obligations Foncières will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue date(s). The Obligations Foncières of each Series will be fungible with 
all Obligations Foncières of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different 
issue dates and on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series,

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and aggregate 
nominal amount of the Tranche. The specific terms of each Tranche will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will 
be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). The Obligations 
Foncières of a Tranche of each Series will be fungible with all Obligations 
Foncières of the other Tranches of that Series. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Obligations Foncières may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Currencies: 
Obligations Foncières may be denominated and/or payable in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in the relevant Final Terms.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise 
requires, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency of the 
participating Member States of the European Union which was introduced on 1 
January 1999, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollars" 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY", 
"Japanese yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "CHF" 
and "Swiss francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references to 
"CAD" and "Canadian Dollars" are to the lawful currency of Canada. 
Denomination(s): 
The Obligations Foncières shall be issued in the Specified Denomination set out in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières 
(including Obligations Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended, must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Redenomination: 
Obligations Foncières denominated in the national currency of a European Member 
State that subsequently becomes a participating Member State in the single currency 
of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time) may be 
subject to redenomination into Euro (see section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Obligations Foncières - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination" of this 
Base Prospectus). 
Form 
of 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Obligations 
Foncières 
may 
be 
issued 
either 
in dematerialised 
form 
("Dematerialised Obligations Foncières") or in materialised form ("Materialised 
Obligations Foncières"). 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant holder of Obligations Foncières, in either fully

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered form (au nominatif administré). 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières. 
Materialised Obligations Foncières will be in bearer form (au porteur) only. A 
Temporary Global Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Obligations Foncières. Materialised Obligations Foncières may only 
be issued outside France. 
Status 
of 
the 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
The Obligations Foncières and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them 
constitute direct, unconditional and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Privilège), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all 
other present or future obligations foncières of the Issuer (including the Obligations 
Foncières of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting 
from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
Obligations Foncières benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) (see 
sections entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières - Privilège" 
and "The Legal Regime Applicable to Caffil" of this Base Prospectus). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Obligations Foncières bear interest. The 
length of the interest periods for the Obligations Foncières and the applicable 
interest rate may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Obligations 
Foncières may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both, 
provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Obligations Foncières to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed 
Rate 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating 
Rate 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, CMS Rate, 
EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC10), 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin and calculated and payable as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may also 
have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest, or both, provided that 
in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. 
Formula 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Formula Obligations Foncières will bear interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the Index Formula, 
Underlying Formula, CPI Formula or HICP Formula, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières are only applicable for 
Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Obligations Foncières:  
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may be converted from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, all on the date set out in the 
relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or automatically.  
Fixed 
Rate/Formula 
Obligations Foncières: 
 
Solely for Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000, Fixed 
Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
Formula or from a Formula to a Fixed Rate, all on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or automatically. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest and/or principal in respect of such Obligations Foncières will be calculated 
by reference to an Inflation Index Ratio derived from:  
(i) 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France or 
the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published monthly by the 
INSEE; or 
(ii) 
the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) or the relevant 
substitute index measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union, as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat. 
Events of Default: 
None. 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Obligation Foncière 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Maturity Date") at its Final Redemption Amount (which is (i) its nominal 
amount (except in the case of Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières) or (ii) an amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(c)). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such 
Obligations Foncières may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption among the options described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options). 
No Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons: 
 
The Obligations Foncières will not, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be redeemed early for taxation reasons. 
Taxation (withholding tax): 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Obligations Foncières or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Obligations Foncières should 
consult its tax adviser as to the tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership 
and disposition of, the Obligations Foncières. 
No additional amounts: 
If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
Representation of holders of 
Obligations Foncières: 
 
Holders of Obligations Foncières will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each 
case, the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 
et seq. of the French Code de commerce, as amended or supplemented by 
Condition 10 (Representation of holders of Obligations Foncières). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
Representative and in part through Collective Decisions of the relevant holders of 
Obligations Foncières. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Obligations 
Foncières and, in relation to Materialised Obligations Foncières, Clearstream and 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, the lettre comptable or the application form 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Obligations Foncières,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that 
the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Obligations Foncières may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
price and amount of the Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Approval and validity of the 
Base Prospectus: 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either 
the Issuer or the quality of the Obligations Foncières that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Obligations Foncières. 
Application has been made for the delivery by the AMF of a certificate of approval 
specifying that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purpose of the 
Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (loi du 
16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) which implements 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Obligations 
Foncières on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public of Obligations 
Foncières pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation until 8 July 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of an investment in the Obligations Foncières. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Admission 
to 
trading 
of 
Obligations Foncières: 
 
Application may be made for Obligations Foncières to be issued under the 
Programme during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval 
granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined below). Euronext Paris is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (a "Regulated 
Market"). 
The Obligations Foncières may also be admitted to trading on any other stock 
exchange or may not be admitted to trading on any market. The relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the issue of any Obligations Foncières will specify whether or 
not such Obligations Foncières will be admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant 
market. 
Non-Exempt 
Offer 
of 
Obligations Foncières: 
Obligations Foncières may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer 
in France, in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and, to the extent the AMF has 
provided the competent authority of the relevant member state (the "Member 
State") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") with a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement related 
thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in any 
Member State of the EEA, if the relevant Final Terms provide it and in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations.  
Green Obligations Foncières: 
Green Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the Sfil Group 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the 
Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA") and the Issuer has requested a Green, Social and Sustainability Second 
Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
assessing its alignment with the Green Bond Principles.  
For each issue of Green Obligations Foncières, there will be an allocation reporting 
and an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation reports are 
available 
on 
Sfil's 
website 
(https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ 
or 
https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Social Obligations Foncières: 
Social Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in 
the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible Social Loans as defined in the 
Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework.  
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework and the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework are based on the Social Bond Principles (the 
"SBP") published by the ICMA and the Issuer has requested a Social Second Party 
Opinion on the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and a Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment with the SBP.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
For each issue of Social Obligations Foncières, there will be an allocation reporting 
and an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Social Second Party Opinion, the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Social Second Party Opinion, the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation reports are available on 
Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-
group-investors/). 
Sustainability 
Obligations 
Foncières: 
 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans as 
defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "SBG") published by the ICMA and the Issuer 
has requested a Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion on the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment 
with the SBG.  
For each issue of Sustainability Obligations Foncières, there will be an allocation 
reporting and an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net 
proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation reports are 
available 
on 
Sfil's 
website 
(https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ 
or 
https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Obligations Foncières will (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer either: 
(i) 
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Green Obligations Foncières, to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or 
(iii) in the case of Social Obligations Foncières, to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the Sfil 
Group Social Note Framework or Eligible Social Loans as defined in the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or  
(iv) in the case of Sustainability Obligations Foncières, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans 
as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Framework; or  
(v) 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of 
Obligations Foncières for which there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds (other than as specified above). 
Ratings: 
Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
AA+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and/or Aaa by Moody's 
France SAS ("Moody's") and/or AAA by DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that 
is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS") and by 
their respective successors and/or any other rating agency. Each of S&P, Moody's 
and DBRS is established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is 
appearing on the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published by ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The 
rating (if any) of Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Obligations Foncières will be subject to selling restrictions 
(see section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of this Base Prospectus) in various 
jurisdictions, in particular the United States of America, the United Kingdom, 
Singapore, Switzerland, Japan and the EEA including France, Republic of Italy, 
Norway and Belgium. 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to 
time and the Final Terms relating to any issue of Obligations Foncières admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-
Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation 
are 
available 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr), in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
So long as any of the Obligations Foncières are outstanding, copies of the following 
documents will also be available for inspection and obtainable upon request and 
free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered office 
of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France) and, except for the 
document referred to in sub-paragraph (a) below, on the website of the Issuer 
(www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr): 
(a) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements and interim 
financial statements of the Issuer;

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or further base prospectus (in each case published in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation); 
(e) 
each Final Terms for Obligations Foncières that are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market and/or 
offered to the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of 
the EEA; 
(f) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared 
by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law: 
The Obligations Foncières, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are risk factors which Caisse Française de Financement Local believes are specific to Caisse Française 
de Financement Local and/or the Obligations Foncières and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk 
associated with the Obligations Foncières.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfill its obligations 
under Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. 
In each category below Caisse Française de Financement Local sets out the most material risks in first according to each 
assessment, taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality 
of the risks has been assessed based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact on Caisse Française de Financement Local.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. Additional risks not included in this risk factors section 
below, e.g. because they are currently not material or not known by Caisse Française de Financement Local, may result 
in material risks in the future. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
document deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and the relevant Final Terms and reach their own views in light 
of their financial circumstances and investment objectives prior to making any investment decision. In particular, 
investors should make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Obligations Foncières prior to investing 
in Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The following risks factors are presented from the most important to the less, as result of the crossing of the 
likelihood of their occurrence and of the level of their impact in case of occurrence. 
The following table gives the detail of the risk factors identified and indicates, for each of them, the likelihood of 
their occurrence and their negative impact on the Issuer on the date of this Base Prospectus. The likelihood of the 
occurrence is graded on a four-level scale ("Very Unlikely", "Unlikely", "Likely" and "Very Likely") and the 
magnitude of their negative impact is graded on a three-level scale ("Low", "Moderate" and "Significant"). Within 
each of the below mentioned categories, the risks have been listed according to this grading, the risks with the 
combination of the highest likelihood and negative impact coming first. 
  
Likelihood 
Impact 
1) Strategic & Business risk   
1.1 Business risk - Caisse Française de Financement Local may 
face a decrease in its activity and its margins in the local authority 
and municipal lending market or in the refinancing of export credit 
Likely 
Moderate 
1.2 Regulatory risk  
1.2.1 Risk arising from European and French laws and 
regulations  
Likely 
Moderate

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
1.2.2 Risks arising from implementation of Basel III Risk-
Weighted Asset Framework 
Unlikely  
Moderate  
2) Credit and counterparty risks 
2.1 Risk of default in the Cover Pool 
Likely 
Moderate 
2.2 Risk of geographic concentration in the Cover Pool 
Likely 
Moderate 
2.3 Risk of default of bank counterparties 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
3) Financial risks  
3.1 Credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
Obligations Foncières may be affected by the evolution of the credit 
rating of Sfil and the French State 
Likely  
Moderate 
3.2 Liquidity risk 
 
 
3.2.1 Risk of a liquidity shortfall that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to settle its debt commitments in a timely fashion  
Unlikely 
Moderate 
3.2.2 Dependence on Sfil for the unsecured funding of its 
over-collateral 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
3.3 Risks linked to financial conditions offered for export credit 
refinancing loans 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
3.4 Caisse Française de Financement Local may be exposed to 
losses due to changes in interest rate risk or changes in other 
market parameters 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4) Operational and non-compliance risks 
4.1 Cyber risk 
Likely 
Significant 
4.2 Non-compliance risk 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4.3 Other operational risks 
 
 
4.3.1 Risk of failure or malfunction of the operational risk 
management systems put in place by Sfil 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4.3.2 Risks relating to dependence on Sfil for its operations 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4.4 Risk relating to any litigation with a counterparty/borrower or 
tax authority 
Likely 
Low 
5) Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks 
5.1 Climate and environmental risk 
Likely  
Moderate 
5.2 Social risk 
Likely  
Moderate 
5.3 Governance risk 
Likely  
Moderate 
6) Société de crédit foncier specific risk

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
6.1 Risks linked to compliance with the coverage ratio required of it 
under French law 
Very unlikely 
Significant 
6.2 Compliance of the assets in the Cover Pool with the eligibility 
criteria 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
 
1. 
Strategic & Business risk 
1.1. 
Business activity risk - Caisse Française de Financement Local may face a decrease in its activity and its 
margins in the local authority and municipal lending market or in the refinancing of export credit 
Caffil may face increasing competition in the local government lending market or in the refinancing of export 
credit from which Caffil sources its cover pool. In France, where it will source its new assets, competition may 
increase from French universal banks. As an illustration, in 2023, Caffil purchased EUR 3.4 billion of loans to the 
French local public sector from its partners La Banque Postale and Banque des Territoires.  
Certain Caffil's, Sfil's and La Banque Postale's competitors may be larger and better capitalized than Caffil, or 
benefit from other funding sources at a different cost than market funding used by the Sfil Group. Depending on 
the interest rate of the Livret A and the liquidity position of banks funded by deposits, pressure on margins could 
be stronger. Consequently, Caffil may face pricing pressure in certain areas of its operations in the future as 
competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or offering new services at low prices. The municipal 
market competition could intensify, which may result in narrower lending spreads. This could make it more 
difficult for Caffil to purchase or refinance eligible loans and credit exposures with a sufficient margin to be 
refinanced by the Obligations Foncières.  
Existing or increased competition in French public local sector lending or in the refinancing of export credit may 
lead to a reduction of margins for new commitments and ultimately to a strong reduction of new assets lending for 
Caffil, or otherwise materially affect Caffil's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
For export credit refinancing, 2023 was a record year with 6 operations concluded for a total of EUR 5.0 billion. 
Export credit volume per year is volatile, but an increasing trend could be expected in line with the need for 
investments notably in infrastructure in the frame of climate transition. Since the launch of this mission mid-2015, 
the Caffil refinanced a total of 28 operations for EUR 16.1 billion.  
1.2. 
Regulatory risk 
 
1.2.1 Risk arising from European and French laws and regulations 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's business operations are governed by European and French laws 
and regulations and are subject to supervision by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR") and also by the European Central Bank at the 
consolidated level of Sfil. Any changes to the current French legislation (in particular legislation relating to 
the issuance of obligations foncières and the privilège attached to such obligations foncières) could 
adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations. 
Any change in the current European legislation for European covered bonds (Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") and 
article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Regulation")) could adversely 
affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
In addition, to maintain its "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for its issues, Caisse Française de 
Financement Local has to comply with the European legislation for European covered bonds which includes 
an eligibility criteria for some assets and derivatives in the cover pool which is in particular subject to 
changes in ratings granted by rating agencies. This could lead to exclude assets and derivatives from the 
cover pool in case of downgrade of these counterparties (especially hedging derivatives, cash investments 
in the form of bank exposures and some run-off assets with local authorities outside the European Union). 
This could adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash 
flows and results of operations. 
Moreover, Obligations Foncières to be issued under the Programme may no longer be allowed to use the 
"European Covered Bond (Premium)" label at any time until their maturity. 
1.2.2 Risks arising from implementation of Basel III Risk-Weighted Asset Framework 
The Issuer and Sfil group (composed of Sfil and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "Sfil Group")) are subject 
to prudential regulations applicable to credit institutions and have to comply with the current Capital 
Requirements Regulation and Directive 2013/36/EU dated 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
"Capital Requirements Directive"), as described below. As of 31 December 2023, Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's capital level is high (CET1 capital ratio: 33.7%).  
In order to finalise the framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ("Basel III") 
reforms, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a regulation amending 
the Capital Requirements Regulation concerning the requirements on credit risks, credit value adjustment 
(CVA) risk, operational risk, market risk and output floor. An agreement between the European 
Commission, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union was announced on 27 June 
2023. On 6 December 2023, the Council approved the inter-institutional agreement on the banking package 
(the "CRR III Regulation/CRD VI Directive"). Following this agreement, the European Parliament 
adopted these texts (CRR III Regulation/CRD VI Directive) which were published in the European Union's 
Official Journal on 19 June 2024. 
With regard to the timetable for adoption, and according to information known at this stage, most of the 
amendments to the Capital Requirements Regulation would begin to apply from 1 January 2025, while the 
amendments to the Capital Requirements Directive will have to be transposed by Member States by around 
the third quarter of 2025. This indicative timetable does not prejudge any subsequent decisions on 
postponement. 
This agreement stipulates that, for IRBA credit models, an LGD input floor of 5 % will be applied to local 
authorities not assimilated to their sovereign. On June 21st, 2024 ACPR Collège decided to assimilate most 
of the French Regional governments and local authorities (RGLAs) to sovereign risk, leading to a risk factor 
of 0 % in a standardised approach. Following this decision, Sfil is in discussion with the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (SSM) to compute its risk weight through a standardised approach instead of IRBA model. This 
change is likely to be achieved before the end of the year. Otherwise Sfil Group would face a gradual but 
significant increase in its risk weighted assets, due to the setting of the output floor. Sfil Group's solvency 
ratio would decrease but would still meet regulatory thresholds. 
2. 
Credit and counterparty risk 
Credit risk represents the potential loss that Caisse Française de Financement Local may incur as the result of the decline 
in a counterparty's solvency. 
2.1. 
Risk of default in the Cover Pool

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to the risk of default on the pool of public sector assets included 
in its portfolio used as cover for the issuance of Obligations Foncières under the Programme (the "Cover Pool"). 
The classes of assets that Caisse Française de Financement Local may own within its Cover Pool are restricted to 
specific categories narrowly defined by French and European law, and for Caisse Française de Financement Local 
these categories are further limited to transactions with public sector entities or entities guaranteed by public sector 
entities under the license granted by the CECEI (Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises 
d'investissement) (an institution now merged into the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution)). Consequently, almost all of the Cover Pool comprises loans to, or bonds 
purchased from, local governments, municipalities and sovereigns. The ability of public sector borrowers, 
including local governments, municipalities and sovereigns, to meet their payment obligations may be affected by 
their levels of indebtedness, social spending obligations, interest rates, tax revenue collections and transfers of 
subsidies from the central governments, each of which could be adversely affected by a deterioration of general 
economic conditions.  
Breakdown of exposures by risk weighting 
 
Deteriorating economic conditions could therefore have a material adverse effect on the probability of default of 
these assets in the Cover Pool. However, as of 31 December 2023, non-technical arrears amounted to EUR 2 
million and concerned only five clients in France. Non-technical arrears decreased by EUR 2 million in 2023, i.e. 
-50%. They are at their lowest level ever and represent 0.003% of Caffil's assets.  
While the eligibility and suitability of assets is vetted by Sfil's risk management and permanent control 
departments, on behalf of Caisse Française de Financement Local, certain default scenarios such as losses on assets 
representing a significant portion of the Cover Pool may exist, which would ultimately affect the ability of Caisse 
Française de Financement Local to comply with the terms of the Obligations Foncières issued under the 
Programme. Adverse changes affecting the local economies of countries from which Caisse Française de 
Financement Local sources its assets, such as the macro-economic situation, could result in, among other things, 
higher rates of credit defaults on loans and bonds. The materialisation of any of the foregoing factors or a 
divergence in the appreciation of these risks by the banking supervisory authorities or financial markets could lead 
to significant losses or provisions and could adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and may result in Caisse Française de Financement Local 
having insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Obligations Foncières. 
In its business of refinancing large export credits, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to its parent 
company Sfil, to refinance its export credits. These refinancing loans benefit from an unconditional and irrevocable 
100% guarantee provided by the French State. Bpifrance Assurance Export manages and delivers this guarantee 
under the State's control, on its behalf and in its name. These refinancing loans are thus considered as exposures 
to the French State. The French State's ability to meet its payment obligations may be affected by its levels of 
indebtedness, social spending obligations, interest rates and tax revenue collections, each of which could be

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
adversely affected by a deterioration in general economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions, such as 
the macro-economic situation, could therefore have an adverse effect on the probability of default of these assets 
in the Cover Pool. 
In addition, certain geographic regions of Europe to which Caisse Française de Financement Local has credit 
exposure through its lending to local authorities and municipalities may, from time to time, experience weaker 
regional economic conditions. Assets originated in such areas may experience higher rates of loss and the ability 
of borrowers to make payments may also be affected by factors such as adverse economic conditions (e.g., the 
macro-economic situation) in particular geographic areas or industries, or perceptions in financial markets as to 
the creditworthiness of certain borrowers. Such occurrences may accordingly have a material adverse impact on 
the credit quality of certain assets included in the Cover Pool. 
As of 31 December 2023, loans to the French public sector were predominant (92.7%) in the cover pool (excluding 
exposures on credit institutions and cash deposits with the Banque de France). The other assets are managed in 
run-off mode; they correspond to granular and geographically diversified exposures on foreign public sector 
entities. 
The change in the relative proportion of total assets by country is as follows: 
 
Nearly 71% of Caffil's cover pool consisted of exposures to French municipalities and their groups, departments 
or regions. 
The breakdown of the cover pool by type of counterparty (excluding exposures to credit institutions and cash 
deposited with the Banque de France) is as follows:

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
2.2. 
Risk of geographic concentration in the Cover Pool 
The vast majority of the Cover Pool (more than 90%, excluding exposures to credit institutions and cash), measured 
by principal amount of the assets, is concentrated in France. The ability of French State and local authorities and 
municipal borrowers and guarantors, like other public sector borrowers, to meet their obligations will be affected 
by the economic factors noted above. Adverse changes in the financial, economic and fiscal conditions within 
France, such as the macro-economic situation, may have significant consequences for the French public sector 
borrowers whose obligations are included in the Cover Pool, and consequently, on the credit quality of such 
obligations. In addition, since 2013 all of Caisse Française de Financement Local's new assets relate to French 
borrowers, with the exception of certain bonds purchased for cash investment purposes.  
Furthermore, Caisse Française de Financement Local holds a significant amount of assets representing lending to 
borrowers in other countries than France and in particular in Italy. These assets are now managed in a run-off mode 
with the exception of certain bonds purchased for cash investment purposes. Adverse financial, economic and 
fiscal conditions in these economies, such as the macro-economic situation, and perceived weaknesses of a 
country's financial situation may also have an adverse impact on the credit quality of the assets in the Cover Pool. 
2.3. 
Risk of default of bank counterparties 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to bank counterparties risk of default for transactions it enters 
into as part of its currency and interest rate hedging operations, of its liquidity management and excess liquidity 
investment. Most of its derivative counterparties are located in the European Union but some are located in other 
countries and thus submitted to different laws in term of default. 
For hedging transactions, Caisse Française de Financement Local enters into master agreements with a large 
number of bank counterparties and these agreements provide for asymmetrical collateralisation arrangements (with 
the counterparties unilaterally posting collateral to Caisse Française de Financement Local). While having hedging 
relationships with a large number of counterparties is designed to mitigate risk, Caisse Française de Financement 
Local is nonetheless exposed to the risk of default of its bank counterparties. Some of these counterparties are not 
required to post collateral to Caisse Française de Financement Local as long as they benefit from the highest credit 
rating. If certain of these hedge counterparties, that don't have to post collateral, would default as to payment, 
Caisse Française de Financement Local may be likely to experience losses and reduced liquidity.  
In order to maintain its liquidity position, Caisse Française de Financement Local is also allowed to hold exposures 
to certain bank counterparties, including securities, instruments and deposits which are sufficiently safe and liquid, 
defined as certain high quality assets eligible for inclusion in its Cover Pool (up to 15% of the nominal amount of 
all of obligations foncières and registered covered bonds allowed by applicable legislation).  
Exposures to credit institution issued by banks expose Caisse Française de Financement Local to credit and 
liquidity risk from such banks (including its parent company Sfil) should their financial condition deteriorate. 
Thus, Caisse Française de Financement Local may experience losses in the form of reduced value of assets, due 
to a decrease in a bank counterparty's or issuers' financial position.  
Exposure on credit institutions is primarily comprised of securities, exposures or deposits. As of 
31 December 2023, the amount is EUR 2.8 billion. 
Moreover, the financial situation of certain of these counterparties could be adversely affected by the macro-
economic situation or by the climate change. Any such losses could adversely affect Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and may result in Caisse 
Française de Financement Local having insufficient funds to meet its obligations with respect to the Obligations 
Foncières. 
3. 
Financial risks

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
3.1. 
Credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's Obligations Foncières may be affected by the 
evolution of the credit rating of Sfil and the French State 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is currently wholly-owned by Sfil. In the rating agencies' methodologies, 
the credit rating of a covered bond programme is linked to the credit rating attributed to the Issuer's parent. The 
rating criteria for Caisse Française de Financement Local include both the financial health of its parent, Sfil, as 
well as the strength of parental support.  
The credit rating of Sfil is closely linked to the credit rating of the French State due to its shareholding structure. 
In fact, since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole shareholder is the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ("CDC") 
(holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and continues to be present 
on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest missions entrusted to Sfil. 
As of 31 May 2024, the French State has been assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), 
AA- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and AA (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that 
is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS"). On 4 June 2024, CDC has been 
assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's and AA- by S&P. Sfil's long term senior debt has been assigned a rating of 
Aa2 by Moody's, AA- by S&P and AA (high) by DBRS and Caisse Française de Financement Local's Obligations 
Foncières are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody's, AA+ by S&P and AAA by DBRS. 
Sfil's shareholding structure is thus still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is 
preserved and its economic base protected and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance 
with the applicable regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of 
support, completed by a letter of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned 
development bank. 
This commitment, made with the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution), underlines its involvement to ensure oversight and to influence strategic decisions, as 
well as its determination to ensure Caisse Française de Financement Local's and Sfil's ongoing financial 
transactions and to comply with regulatory requirements, if so required. 
Deteriorating economic conditions, such as those that could result from the macro-economic situation, can lead to 
a downgrade of the credit rating of the French State, CDC and Sfil. Decreases in the credit rating of Sfil or the 
French State may cause a decrease in the credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's obligations 
foncières, or a requirement that Caisse Française de Financement Local obtain funding in order to achieve a higher 
level of over-collateralisation. A variety of factors may make obtaining such higher level of over-collateralisation 
impossible for Caisse Française de Financement Local in the event of a downgrade of Sfil. If the credit rating of 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's obligations foncières were reduced due to these factors, such downgrade 
may adversely affect the value of Caisse Française de Financement Local's outstanding obligations foncières, 
including the Obligations Foncières, increase Caisse Française de Financement Local's cost of borrowing and 
adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to issue new obligations foncières. 
3.2. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the institution may not be able to find the necessary liquidity, on a timely 
basis and at a reasonable cost, to cover the financing needs related to its activity, including the redemption of its 
Obligations Foncières. 
3.2.1 Risk of a liquidity shortfall that may affect the Issuer's ability to settle its debt commitments in a 
timely fashion 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to liquidity risk arising from the gap between the date it 
is reimbursed, in connection with various assets it holds, and the date it is required to pay out loans or to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
settle its liabilities. The maturity and amortization profile of the Cover Pool does not perfectly match the 
repayment profile and the maturity schedule of the privileged debt.  
This mismatch creates a liquidity need at certain periods of time in the future as illustrated in the following 
graph which presents the need/excess of liquidity resulting from the amortization of assets and liabilities 
(without any new asset or liability). 
Liquidity needs as of 31 December 2023 
 
The duration gap between the Cover Pool and the privileged liabilities is currently low, but may widen in 
the future. As a matter of management policy, Caisse Française de Financement Local has limited the 
maximum duration gap between the assets and the resources benefiting from the privilège to three (3) years. 
Moreover, the regulation of covered bonds in France imposes a great congruence between asset/liability 
maturities with an annual cover plan and with the limitation to 18 months of the gap between the weighted 
average life of eligible assets, considered up to their minimum amount required to satisfy a 105% over-
collateralisation ratio, and the weighted average life of the privileged liabilities. This requires Caisse 
Française de Financement Local to have appropriate liquidity positions to cover its liability commitments 
as they become due to avoid any shortfall in liquidity.  
As Caisse Française de Financement Local turns to the market for medium- or long-term financing, 
prolonged disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the debt markets may limit its ability to access funding, 
particularly its ability to issue longer-dated new obligations foncières. In case of such adverse market 
conditions, Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing 
liabilities may be limited. It may also be forced to delay raising longer term funding.  
To maintain its liquidity in case of market disruptions that prevent Caisse Française de Financement Local 
from issuing new obligations foncières, Caisse Française de Financement Local relies on non-privileged 
debt provided by its parent, Sfil, and, if needed, on secured financings it can borrow from the Banque de 
France or from a bank counterparty (through a repo transactions), by using some assets from the Cover

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Pool (including those considered as exposures to credit institutions), a significant part of which is eligible 
as collateral for such liquidity operations. However, any gap between receipt of funds and funding of its 
commitments may lead to Caisse Française de Financement Local not settling its debt commitments on 
time. If Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to access funds from its parent, Sfil, is diminished, 
and if it no longer maintains sufficient assets eligible for refinancing with the Banque de France, a liquidity 
shortfall may occur that will adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations and may result in Caisse Française de Financement Local 
having insufficient funds to meet its obligations with respect to the Obligations Foncières. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (the "LCR") reaches to 100%. A European 
delegated act modified the methods for calculating the LCR provided for in the Capital Requirements 
Regulation for issuers of covered bonds, in order to bring them into line with the Covered Bond Directive. 
As a result, since 8 July 2022, the LCR of Caisse Française de Financement Local must continue to respect 
the minimum level of 100% but may no longer exceed it. 
3.2.2 Dependence on Sfil for the unsecured funding of its over-collateral 
Sfil is the main provider of unsecured funding to Caisse Française de Financement Local, which finances 
the over-collateral, i.e. assets of Caisse Française de Financement Local that are not financed by the 
issuance of Obligations Foncières.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local's over-collateralisation is financed by equity contributions, by a 
current account agreement granted to it by Sfil and mainly through a long-term revolving credit facility 
extended to it by Sfil that put in place the support received from Sfil and its reference shareholder. As of 31 
December 2023, the funds borrowed from Sfil are EUR 6.9 billion. The long-term credit facility agreement 
or the current account agreement from Sfil may not continue to be in force for the term of the Obligations 
Foncières. To the extent that this facility is discontinued, the amount of over-collateralisation of the Cover 
Pool could be reduced, which could adversely affect the ability of Caisse Française de Financement Local 
to make payments on the Obligations Foncières as they become due, the rating assigned to the Obligations 
Foncières, and consequently the market value of Caisse Française de Financement Local's existing 
obligations foncières, including the Obligations Foncières. 
3.3. 
Risks linked to financial conditions offered for export credit refinancing loans 
In its business of refinancing large export credit, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to its parent 
company Sfil, to refinance its export credits. These refinancing loans benefit from an unconditional and irrevocable 
100% guarantee provided by the French State.  
The particular features of these loans lead Caisse Française de Financement Local to give a commitment on 
financial conditions several months before the signing of the loan contract. The financial conditions at the time of 
the offer might no longer be in line with the refinancing and hedging conditions of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local at the time and after the signing date of the contract. As of 31 December 2023, the financing 
commitments of Caisse Française de Financement Local for such contracts (amounts remaining to be paid to the 
counterparty) amounted to EUR 6.9 billion. Changes in market conditions could therefore adversely affect its 
results of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the 
Obligations Foncières. 
In order to reduce its currency and spread risks, Caisse Française de Financement Local may enter into hedging 
operations or may prefinance, in full or in part, the future drawdown of the credit as soon as a firm offer for a credit 
refinancing has been delivered. In some cases, the credit may not be signed or may be delayed and related hedging 
operations may have to be cancelled with a material cost, and prefunding may be allocated to other assets with a 
potentially lower margin, which could adversedly affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's results of

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the 
Obligations Foncières. 
Moreover, certain loans to refinance large export credits denominated in USD, GBP or CHF may cause a limited 
risk of foreign exchange during their drawing phase; this risk could be more material in case of credit restructuring. 
For these loans, foreign exchange risks exist and adverse evolution on this market could have an adverse effect on 
the financial situation, operations and cash flows of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
3.4. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local may be exposed to losses due to changes in interest rate risk or 
changes in other market parameters 
Caffil is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from new commercial loans and refinancing operations at fixed rates 
(fixed rate risk) or at variable rates (basis and option risk). Unexpected changes in assets or in the interest rate 
curve may affect Caffil's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. These risks are 
monitored on a monthly basis using appropriate indicators subject to limits, and hedging operations are concluded 
so that each indicator respects its limit. 
Caffil has a low exposure to prepayment risks, as prepayment indemnity clauses are present in almost all loan 
contracts. 
The main risks identified and associated with the current interest rate environment, characterised by rate increases 
and high volatility, are the following ones: 
- 
greater uncertainty about the volume of new production: changes in financing conditions and higher credit 
costs, as well as uncertainties about the macroeconomic environment, could lead some customers to reduce 
or postpone their investments. In addition, the decorrelation between the legal usury rate and the levels of 
rates observed on the markets could have an impact if rates continue to rise; 
- 
increased interest rate volatility could lead to a greater variation in the interest margin for the portion of 
production that is managed by macro-hedging. 
With regard to market risk, Caffil does not carry out trading operations and is therefore not subject to market risk 
in the regulatory sense of the term.  
Certain positions in Caffil's banking portfolio, although not representing a regulatory market risk, are nevertheless 
sensitive to the volatility of market parameters, and may consequently impact the accounting result or the 
shareholders' equity; they are monitored as non-regulatory market risks. These are mainly provisions for placement 
securities under French accounting standards. 
4. 
Operational and non-compliance risks 
4.1. 
Cyber risk 
Cyber risk is a risk of intentionally or unintentionally exploiting one or more information system vulnerabilities, 
resulting in a loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of data.  
In 2023, espionage remained at a high level with a significant increase in the targeting of individuals and non-
governmental structures that create, host or transmit sensitive data. Among the new trends in espionage, the 
Agence nationale de la sécurité des systèmes d'information (ANSSI) has seen an increase in attacks against 
professional and personal mobile phones targeting individuals, and an upsurge in those carried out by means of 
operating procedures publicly associated with the Russian government against organizations located in France. 
Cyber-extortion attacks also remained high in 2023, as evidenced by the total number of ransomware attacks 
reported to ANSSI, 30% higher than the same period in 2022. An upsurge that breaks with the decline observed 
by the agency in the previous Panorama of the cyber threat. 
Moreover, in a tense geopolitical context, the agency has seen new destabilization operations aimed mainly at

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
promoting political discourse, hindering access to online content or damaging the image of an organization. While 
distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks by pro-Russian cyber activists, with often limited impacts, have 
been the most common, prepositioning activities targeting several critical infrastructures located in Europe, North 
America and Asia were also detected. The latter, more discreet, may nevertheless aim to conduct larger operations 
led by state actors waiting for the right time to act.  
The consequences of this risk are mainly operational. Given the scenario, the cyber risk could increase the impacts 
of different risks (business continuity, reputation damage, delay in payments, etc.). This risk is further enhanced 
in 2024 not only by the international context but also by the national context of the Olympic Games in France. 
For instance, Sfil may face a cyber-attack that if it succeeds could lead to a shutdown of all or part of the ICT 
systems and could result in delays for payments, or damage Sfil Group's reputation in case of a data leak. 
However, the Sfil Group continually improves the mitigants to help prevent or reduce impacts of the cyber-risk. 
4.2. 
Non-compliance risk 
The risk of non-compliance is the risk of sanction (legal, administrative or disciplinary), of a significant financial 
loss or of a denigration of reputation caused by the non-respect of procedures specific to banking and financial 
activities, whether they are of legislative or regulatory nature. 
Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local strive to comply with all laws, regulations, professional standards 
or recommendations that apply to them. However, as compliance requirements become more stringent, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local is exposed to the risk of non-compliance, i.e. the inability to comply with them 
in full and may also be exposed to the following risks: 
- 
ethical, deontological and corruption risk: the risk of a failure to comply with professional conduct when 
dealing with clients and the reputational risk linked to this failure to comply. In particular, this could be 
linked to a failure to comply with the laws governing EU local authority and municipal lending or a failure 
by Caffil to comply with the legislation applicable in France to covered bonds (obligations foncières) or a 
failure to comply with export credit regulations;  
- 
financial security risk (including ALM-CFT);  
- 
risk relating to personal data protection; and  
- 
risk relating to the protection of customer interests. 
In addition to the damage to its reputation, non-compliance would expose Caisse Française de Financement Local 
to various types of litigation, sanctions, fines or costs relating to failure to comply with above mentioned 
provisions, that may adversely affect Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash 
flows and results of operations. This risk is further enhanced by the increased level of supervision of financial 
institutions by the relevant authorities.  
4.3. 
Other operational risks 
4.3.1. Risk of failure or malfunction of the operational risk management systems put in place by Sfil 
Sfil, as a servicer, has put in place risk control procedures intended to identify and map operational risks at 
the level of Caisse Française de Financement Local. On 31 December 2023, 74 key risk indicators have 
been defined by Sfil to control operational risk for Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
Operational risk can be defined as the risk of loss due to inappropriate, or failure of procedures, individuals 
or systems, or loss resulting from external events. 
The main operational risks can be divided into the following categories:

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
- 
human resources and skills risk: the risk of skills management is a risk identified as high due to 
several factors: 
• 
an activity requiring expertise in certain fields linked to the specificity of Caisse Française 
de Financement Local (local public sector, balance sheet management, covered bonds, etc.) 
associated with the limited number of key skills in certain teams of Sfil due to their reduced 
size, 
• 
a company present on the banking job market but with a lack of notoriety on this market in 
the first years of its existence due to its youth and fact, 
• 
complex recruitments accentuated in certain areas by a tension on certain skills (in particular 
on internal models, on balance sheet management or on financial security), and 
• 
structuring development projects both in the extension of the activity, in the regulatory 
evolution but also in the recasting of the informatics service which required the integration 
of external skills, parties at the end of the project and whose the expertise then had to be 
internalized, in a context of managing overhead costs under control. 
The consequences of this risk are mainly operational in nature through errors, malfunctions 
and delays in the performance of activities. This risk is regularly monitored via controls and 
indicators (such as the turnover rate or the percentage of people with experience of more than 
one year in certain teams); 
- 
risks relating to information systems which include risks relating to the planning of systems 
development, risk of design, development, maintenance and security of applications, and risks 
related to the use of applications and softwares; 
- 
risks relating to the conduct of operations (in particular, risks relating to the EU local authority and 
municipal lending market): information reliability, compliance with procedures, reliability of 
deliverables, human errors and inadequate monitoring of activities; 
- 
risks relating to operational organisation: this risk relates to the inadequacy of the strategy and 
organisation of Sfil, the inefficiency of defined processes or inappropriate definition of interfaces; 
- 
risks relating to compensation delays in relation to insurance policies, including insurance on export 
credit; 
- 
security risks: this risk relates to the continuity and resumption of activities (including the 
establishment of a business continuity plan), goods and individuals; 
- 
commercial and partnership risks: risks regarding the default of a partner, the sharing of 
responsibilities, commissioning, products distribution, knowledge of clients' needs and ethics; and 
- 
model risk: risk relating to decisions based on internal model results due to errors in their 
development implementation or use. 
The occurrence of any such above mentioned operational risks may affect negatively Caisse Française de 
Financement Local's business, profits and financial situation.  
4.3.2. Risks relating to dependence on Sfil for its operations 
Caisse Française de Financement Local does not have its own employees and is therefore dependent on the 
resources dedicated to it by its parent company, Sfil, for the day-to-day operation of its business and, in 
particular, the servicing of its asset portfolio. Sfil, in accordance with the terms of the management 
agreement entered into with Caisse Française de Financement Local (which also covers loan origination,

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
servicing and recovery, administrative and accounting management, internal control and compliance, 
information technology services, human resources, compensation for services and current account 
services), monitors and controls risks relating to credit, counterparties, market, operations, exchange rates, 
interest rates, liquidity, and settlement at the level of Caisse Française de Financement Local. Accordingly, 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is subject to the risk of non-performance or poor performance by 
Sfil under this management agreement. Any such non-performance or poor performance could have an 
adverse impact on Caisse Française de Financement Local's ability to operate and administer its Cover Pool, 
which could in turn have a material adverse impact on Caisse Française de Financement Local's business, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
If Caisse Française de Financement Local were to terminate the management agreement or otherwise if Sfil 
fails to provide such services, a new servicer would have to be appointed. The transfer of the servicing 
function to a new servicer may result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in collections under the assets 
in the Cover Pool, could create operational and administrative difficulties for Caisse Française de 
Financement Local and could adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and business 
prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Obligations Foncières. 
4.4. 
Risk relating to any litigation with a counterparty/borrower or tax authority  
Caisse Française de Financement Local is exposed to legal and tax risk which can be defined as the risk of any 
litigation with a counterparty/borrower or tax authority resulting from any misunderstanding, lack or insufficiency 
that may be attributed to the Issuer in the exercise of its activities. Certain legal and legislative changes in the EU 
local government and municipal lending market may also expose Caisse Française de Financement Local to 
financial and reputational risk.  
As of 31 December 2023, there were five borrowers who had brought suit for non-material amounts. 
Adverse court decision may have a negative impact on the reputation of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
In the worst case, such litigation may lead to certain loans in the Cover Pool being declared void or voidable in 
whole or in part, reducing the amount of collateral. It could also lead to a decrease of the contractual interest rate 
with retroactive effect and thus affect the hedging derivatives and the hedge relationship. In such cases, it may 
adversely affect cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local. 
In addition, the taxation in Ireland of the income of the former Dexia Municipal Agency (Caffil's former name) 
branch in Dublin, which was closed in 2013, resulted in a tax adjustment notice from the French tax authorities in 
2018 for the tax audit relating to the 2012 and 2013 financial years. Discussions, which aim to address the double 
taxation to which Caffil has been subject, should continue in 2024. Caffil and Dexia SA are still awaiting a decision 
from the French and Irish tax authorities. However, at the end of 2023, Caffil and Dexia SA signed a memorandum 
of understanding to set the amount of sums due between the entities while including provisions to take into account 
the finalization of discussions between the competent authorities. 
5. 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks 
In view of its public mission and strategic orientations, failure to take ESG issues into account in its financing and 
refinancing activities would create an image and reputation risk if Caffil failed to meet its sustainability commitments. 
Similarly, given Caffil's strategic positioning and changes in the expectations of society, customers and financial markets 
on sustainability issues, the failure to take ESG issues into account in the conduct of its missions could lead to major 
impacts. Climate and environmental risk, given its materiality and the expectations of regulators and stakeholders, and 
because it is likely to have a direct or indirect impact on all existing risk categories is subject to a more detailed treatment. 
5.1. 
Climate and environmental risk

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
The concept of environmental and climate risks covers two risk categories:  
• 
physical risk is the risk due to the physical effects of climate change (in particular, more frequent extreme 
weather events and gradual changes in climate) and environmental degradation (pollution, loss of 
biodiversity, water stress). It may be "acute", if it is due to extreme weather events (such as cyclones, 
storms, floods, drought), or "chronic", if it is due to gradual and longer-term changes (such as sea-level 
rises, increasing temperatures, water stress, biodiversity loss); and 
• 
transition risk is the risk associated with the transition to a low carbon and environmentally sustainable 
economic model. This could be triggered by the adoption of compulsory climate and environmental 
policies, technological progress or changes in market preferences.  
This risk may have a short-, medium- and long-term impact on how Caffil conducts its lending and refinancing 
activities, as well as on its internal operations. They can result in direct and indirect impacts on credit risk, 
operational risk, market and ALM risk (especially liquidity risk) as well as reputation risk.  
Sfil Group conducted a climate-related risk mapping which resulted in the identification of transition and physical 
risk factors and the analysis of the materiality of their impacts in reference to the other traditional categories of 
risk. Two time horizons have been considered: the strategic plan time horizon (short and medium-terms (less than 
5 years)) and long-term (beyond 5 years until 2050)). Climate and environmental risks may deteriorate the credit 
risk profile of local public sector and export credit counterparties exposed to more severe and more frequent 
extreme weather events (flood, storms, etc.) and to higher investment needs to adjust to a more sustainable 
economic model. Climate and environmental risks may also affect Sfil's capacity to ensure Caffil's business 
continuity in case of physical risks. They can also have a significant impact on Caffil's extra-financial rating and 
more globally on Caffil's reputation risk related to the financing of potential environmentally controversial 
activities as well as regulatory risk. This increased reputational risk would result in higher cost of funding or a 
deterioration of Caffil's issuance capacity, in a context of a fast-changing regulatory framework. Lastly, they can 
ultimately have an impact on Sfil Group's strategy and business model. 
In 2023, Sfil Group has made significant progress in the quantification of physical and transition risks and their 
integration into its risk management framework, with the construction of a methodology for rating climate and 
environmental risks for the local public sector. Sfil Group thus assessed all the relevant climate and environmental 
risks for local authorities (municipalities, groups with their own tax system, groups without their own tax system, 
departments and regions) in its portfolio on an individual basis. 
5.2. 
Social risk 
Business relationships with clients and suppliers that do not respect fundamental social principles, such as human 
rights, protection of and respect for the environment, and compliance with anti-bribery laws, represent a risk that 
could damage Caffil's reputation and generate financial losses. As mentioned above, the deterioration of the Sfil 
Group's image could lead to higher financing costs for the entity and reduce the company's overall margin by 
several million euros. 
5.3. 
Governance risk 
Given the regulatory environment, the risk associated with bribery, conflicts of interest, fraud, money laundering 
and terrorist financing could result in criminal prosecution and significant penalties. This risk is also likely to harm 
Caffil's reputation. 
Non-compliance with applicable personal data protection laws could result in significant penalties. In addition, 
vulnerabilities in the information systems could lead to personal data leaks, ransom demands and fraud. These 
risks are also likely to cause Caffil reputational damage.  
As mentioned above, the deterioration of the Sfil Group's image could lead to higher financing costs for the entity 
and reduce the company's overall margin by several million euros.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
6. 
Société de crédit foncier specific risk 
6.1. 
Risks linked to compliance with the coverage ratio required of it under French law  
The coverage ratio of Caisse Française de Financement Local, or the ratio between the Cover Pool assets and the 
debt benefiting from the Privilège issued by Caisse Française de Financement Local, may be subject to fluctuation 
in the future. Fluctuation may be driven by factors such as the purchase or origination of assets at a different pace 
than issuances of obligations foncières, the use of certain assets as collateral for liquidity operations with the 
Banque de France and to obtain financing from credit institution in the form of repurchase agreement, or the 
changes in the requirements of the rating agencies. French law requires that the total amount of assets of sociétés 
de crédit foncier must be at least equal to 105% of the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. Credit 
rating agencies may request higher coverage ratios in order to maintain the current ratings assigned to Caisse 
Française de Financement Local's obligations foncières. On 31 December 2023, the coverage ratio was equal to 
113.8%. 
As the Cover Pool is limited to credits to or guaranteed by public sector entities, including various local 
governments and municipalities, the coverage ratio may decline in the event of a decrease in the value of those 
interests, such as in the case of significant defaults in payment. The coverage ratio is monitored by the specific 
controller (the "Contrôleur Spécifique") to confirm compliance with French law upon each issuance of obligations 
foncières. If a material amount of assets in the Cover Pool were to default, Caisse Française de Financement Local 
may not be able to purchase new assets as a substitute for the defaulting assets and thus to maintain the required 
level of assets within the Cover Pool. Failure to maintain the required coverage ratio could also result in Caisse 
Française de Financement Local being unable to issue further Obligations Foncières or refinance existing 
Obligations Foncières, adversely affecting its business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
Non-compliance with the required coverage ratio would lead the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) to ask the management of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local to remedy the situation, and ultimately could lead to the institution of substitute management 
by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), or a 
loss of Caisse Française de Financement Local's status as a société de crédit foncier. 
6.2. 
Compliance of the assets in the Cover Pool with the eligibility criteria 
For all French loans contained in Caisse Française de Financement Local's Cover Pool, the eligibility is verified 
through a daily control carried out by Sfil. Nevertheless, assets in the Cover Pool at the time of acquisition or at 
any given time may not comply with the applicable eligibility criteria. As an illustration, the Cover Pool comprises 
bonds issued by banks compliant with the Covered Bond Directive if only their rating is above a certain threshold. 
In case of rating downgrade, these bonds would lose their eligibility. In addition, loans to certain clients could be 
automatically transfered to other entities that are not eligible, in case of reorganisation of public services. Were 
there to be material non-compliance as to a large enough portion of Caisse Française de Financement Local's Cover 
Pool assets, Caisse Française de Financement Local would be required to sell its non-compliant assets, leading to 
losses and, in certain circumstances, to a reduction in the coverage ratio, and it may be unable to issue further 
Obligations Foncières or meet payment obligations on existing Obligations Foncières, adversely affecting Caisse 
Française de Financement Local's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
In its business of refinancing large export credit, Caisse Française de Financement Local grants loans to its parent 
company Sfil, to refinance its export credit. These refinancing loans benefit from a 100% guarantee of the French 
State which entitles such loans to be eligible to the Cover Pool. Should a refinancing loan loose the benefit of the 
guarantee, it could become not eligible to the Cover Pool, and Caisse Française de Financement Local would either 
notify Sfil a mandatory redemption of the loan or reclassify the asset as a replacement asset within the regulatory 
limit and subject to a sufficient rating of Sfil. In certain circumstances, Sfil may not be able to redeem the loan or 
the reclassification may not be possible; in such cases, Caisse Française de Financement Local would not be

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
compliant with regulation and this could deteriorate its reputation or lead to an interdiction of issuing new 
obligations foncières. 
II. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
1. 
Risk relating to the nature of the Programme and the parties involved in its functioning 
1.1. 
The Issuer has sole liability under the Obligations Foncières  
The Issuer has traditionally benefitted from the financial support of its parent company, including arrangements 
designed to ensure its continued liquidity and viability, including large amounts of equity, long-term loan financing 
and further liquidity through a current account agreement. None of the various arrangements, including the 
"declaration of support" from Sfil, constitutes a guarantee of the Issuer's obligations to its creditors. The Issuer is 
solely responsible for its obligations to its creditors, is the only entity with the obligation to pay principal and 
interest in respect of the Obligations Foncières and cannot legally rely on any other entity to this end. The 
Obligations Foncières are not guaranteed by Sfil or any other person.  
As of 31 December 2023, the Cover Pool comprised EUR 53.2 billion in loans, EUR 6.9 billion in securities and 
the cash surplus placed with the Banque de France amounted to EUR 1.1 billion. The Cover Pool may not be 
sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières, especially for Obligations Foncières 
with the longest maturities. 
Should the Issuer default from its obligations under the Obligations Foncières, holders of Obligations Foncières 
will have no other external remedies than to request such payment from the Issuer. As a consequence, the situation 
of the holders of Obligations Foncières may be adverserly and materially affected and holders of Obligations 
Foncières could lose all of their investments in the Obligations Foncières. 
1.2. 
Holders have access to a limited description of the Cover Pool 
Save as provided in the Issuer's annual or semi-annual reports, quarterly reports on assets quality or quarterly 
Harmonised Transparency Template of the Covered Bond Label, holders will not receive more detailed statistics 
or information in relation to the loans or other assets contained or to be contained in the Issuer's Cover Pool. 
Although the Contrôleur Spécifique will monitor the Issuer's compliance with asset portfolio requirements and the 
coverage ratio under French law, the report of the Contrôleur Spécifique is not publicly available. Furthermore, 
the composition of the Cover Pool is dynamic and is expected to change during the term of any Obligations 
Foncières, details of which may not be available to holders of the Obligations Foncières.  
As a consequence, the credit quality of the Cover Pool may be gradually adversely affected by new assets.  
As of 31 December 2023, the Cover Pool comprised EUR 53.2 billion in loans, EUR 6.9 billion in securities and 
the cash surplus placed with the Banque de France amounted to EUR 1.1 billion. In addition, the weighted average 
life of assets was 7 years. 
1.3. 
Holders of Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not declare the Obligations Foncières 
immediately due and payable under any circumstances, including a default in the payment by the Issuer of 
any interest or principal due in respect of the Obligations Foncières  
Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not be declared immediately due and payable under any 
circumstances, including a default in the payment by the Issuer of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières. Certain events that are customarily considered events of default under debt instruments 
giving rise to a right on the part of the registered holder to declare such debt instrument immediately due and 
payable, such as the Issuer filing for bankruptcy, cross-defaults or insolvency proceedings, will not give rise to the 
right on the part of the holders of Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme to declare the Obligations 
Foncières immediately due and payable. Pursuant to the terms of the French Code monétaire et financier, all cash

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
flows generated by the Issuer's assets and by derivatives transactions together with deposits made by the Issuer 
with other credit institutions, that in each case are eligible assets within the meaning of Articles L.513-3 to L.513-
10 of the French Code monétaire et financier, are allocated as a matter of absolute priority to servicing Obligations 
Foncières or other privileged liabilities of the Issuer as they fall due.  
As a consequence, for the holders of Obligations Foncières with the longest maturity the situation may be 
adverserly and materially affected and they could lose all of their investments in the Obligations Foncières. 
2. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Obligations Foncières under the Programme 
2.1 
Interest rate risks relating to the Obligations Foncières 
2.1.1 Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières that pay a fixed rate of interest to holders of Obligations Foncières. Investment in 
Obligations Foncières which bear interest at a Fixed Rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Obligations Foncières. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière is determined for the term of such 
Obligation Foncière or for a given period of time, the market interest rate typically varies on a daily basis. 
As the market interest rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière varies in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière typically 
decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière equals approximately the market interest 
rate. If the market interest rate decreases, the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière typically 
increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière equals approximately the market interest 
rate. 
Movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière 
and can lead to losses if they sell Obligations Foncières during the period in which the market interest rate 
exceeds the fixed rate of such Obligation Foncière. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Obligations 
Foncières and cause holders of Obligations Foncières who sell Obligations Foncières on the secondary 
market to lose part of their initial investment. 
2.1.2 Floating Rate Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières that pay a floating rate of interest to holders of Obligations Foncières. Investment 
in Obligations Foncières which bear interest at a Floating Rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a 
margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin 
will not change throughout the life of the Obligations Foncières but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will 
change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Obligations 
Foncières upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Obligations Foncières and Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières is 
that interest income on Floating Rate Obligations Foncières cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Obligations Foncières at the 
time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments 
having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières provide for

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to also issue Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières may 
affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières (and 
vice versa). 
2.1.3 Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières and Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières and Condition 5(e) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières respectively allow the issue of Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières and, in respect of Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000, 
Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières which bear interest at a rate that converts either automatically 
or at the option of the Issuer from (i) a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or 
(ii) a Fixed Rate to a rate of interest linked to a Formula or a rate of interest linked to a Formula to a Fixed 
Rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the 
secondary market, the yield on, and the market value of, such Obligations Foncières as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for holders of Obligations Foncières. Where the 
Obligations Foncières convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or a rate of interest linked to a Formula, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières, 
as applicable, may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières or Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières, as applicable, tied to the same reference rate or 
rate of interest linked to a Formula. In addition, the new Floating Rate or rate of interest linked to a Formula 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Obligations Foncières. Where the Obligations Foncières 
convert from a Floating Rate or a rate of interest linked to a Formula to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on those Obligations Foncières and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Obligations Foncières. Therefore, investors could receive a lower return on the 
Obligations Foncières and, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
Where conversion is at the option of the Issuer, the Issuer may not exercise such option. 
2.1.4 Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières  
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières with principal or interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in France 
or in the European Monetary Union ("Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières"). Inflation Linked 
Obligations Foncières are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the 
performance of one or more inflation indices, which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest 
rate, foreign exchange, time value, political and/or other risks and will be one of (i) the consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE, or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) or 
the relevant substitute index measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union, as calculated 
and published monthly by Eurostat (each, an "Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If 
the value of the relevant Inflation Index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the 
value of such index at the time of the issue of the Obligations Foncières or at the time of purchase by the 
holders of Obligations Foncières, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières may vary. Holders of such Obligations Foncières may receive no 
interest.  
Each holder of Obligations Foncières linked to an Inflation Index may receive a Final Redemption Amount 
which will be determined on the basis of a formulae and by reference to an IIR (as defined in Condition

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
6(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) ratio. If the calculated Final Redemption 
Amount is below par, the Obligations Foncières will be redeemed at par. An investment in Inflation Linked 
Obligations Foncières therefore entails significant risks which include, among other things, the possibility 
that: 
• 
such Inflation Indices may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition of any 
such Inflation Index itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the Inflation Indices; 
• 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt 
security issued by the Issuer at the same time; and/or 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières.  
In addition, the value of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières on the secondary market is subject to 
greater levels of risk than the value of other Obligations Foncières and the market price of such Obligations 
Foncières may be very volatile. The secondary market, if any, for Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières 
will be affected by a number of factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the value of 
the applicable Inflation Index, including the volatility of the applicable Inflation Index, the time remaining 
to the maturity of such Obligations Foncières, the amount outstanding of such Obligations Foncières and 
market interest rates. The value of the applicable Inflation Index depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events, over which the Issuer has no control. 
Holders of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the 
Inflation Indices may adversely affect the value of such Obligations Foncières and, as a result, investors 
could lose part of their investment. 
2.1.5 Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 with interest determined by reference to 
the Index Formula, the Underlying Formula, the CPI Formula or the HICP Formula (together, 
the "Formulas"), where interest amounts are dependent upon a formula. 
Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features and such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Obligations Foncières. 
Holders of Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of 
the underlyings and/or indices of the Formulas may adversely affect the value of such Obligations Foncières 
and, as a result, investors could lose part of their investment. 
Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas are securities which do not provide for predetermined interest 
payments but amounts due in respect of interest that will be dependent upon the performance of one or 
more underlyings and/or indices which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign 
exchange, time value, political and/or other risks. 
An investment in Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas therefore entails significant risks which 
include, among other things, the possibility that: 
• 
such underlyings and/or indices may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the 
composition of any such underlying and/or index itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the 
underlyings and/or indices;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
• 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt 
security issued by the Issuer at the same time; and 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to 
Obligations Foncières linked to Formulas. 
2.1.6 Reform and regulation of "Benchmarks" 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may be 
determined by reference to "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "Benchmarks" (such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, 
SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC10 or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"Benchmarks" to perform differently from the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation 
methods, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have an 
adverse effect on any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
linked to or referencing such a "Benchmark".  
If a "Benchmark" were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières which are linked to or which reference 
such "Benchmark" will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières (it being specified that 
if the Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Benchmark Event has occurred, a specific fallback shall 
apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Obligations Foncières linked to or referencing 
"Benchmarks" below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by 
the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained below.  
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Obligations Foncières, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the benchmark rate which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
the "Benchmark" was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, any Obligations Foncières linked to or referencing a "Benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with 
the cessation or wind-down of certain "Benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR). In addition, Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023 extending the transitional period laid down for third-
country benchmarks in Article 51(5) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and the 
Council extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country "Benchmarks" until the end of 
2025. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations and could have an adverse effect on 
any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières linked to or 
referencing such a "Benchmark".

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
2.1.7 Risks relating to Obligations Foncières which are linked to €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières. 
These new overnight risk-free rates are still however in very early stages of development and they may not 
be widely adopted by market users. 
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières may provide that the Rate of Interest for such Obligations Foncières will be determined by 
reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as the Euro short term rate ("€STR"), the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight ("SARON"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA"). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières and 
used in relation to Floating Rate Obligations Foncières issued under this Base Prospectus that reference 
€STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA. 
The continued development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières. The 
return on and value of €STR-, SARON-, SOFR- or SONIA-linked Obligations Foncières may fluctuate 
more than Obligations Foncières that are linked to less volatile rates. Since overnight risk-free rates are 
relatively new market indexes, the Obligations Foncières will likely have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Investors in 
the Obligations Foncières may not be able to sell the Obligations Foncières at all or may not be able to sell 
the Obligations Foncières at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and 
market risk. 
Interest on Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières that 
reference €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières that 
reference €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable 
on such Floating Rate Obligations Foncières. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates across these markets may impact negatively 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières referencing €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA.  
2.1.8 The discontinuance of a reference rate or occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Obligations Foncières linked to or referencing 
"Benchmarks" 
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières is to be determined and the reference rate has been discontinued or a Benchmark 
Event (only applicable for Screen Rate Determination, as further described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, it being specified that this Condition shall not apply to

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
€STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières will be changed in ways that may be 
adverse to holders of such Obligations Foncières, without any requirement to obtain the consent of such 
holders. 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières for which Screen Rate Determination is specified, such fallback arrangements 
include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations 
Foncières), and may include concomitant changes to the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières 
necessary to make the Alternative Rate or the Successor Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) as comparable as possible to the previous Reference 
Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the holder of Obligations 
Foncières. 
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time and the Alternative Rate or Successor Rate may perform differently from the 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable "Benchmark". In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 they may be deviated from if deemed 
unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority. 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an appropriate Alternative Rate or Successor Rate for any 
Reference Rate on or prior to the next following relevant Floating Rate Determination Date, then the 
provisions for the determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Obligations Foncières provide that the Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous 
relevant Floating Rate Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent (i.e. which may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a rising interest rate environment, 
holders of Obligations Foncières will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading 
value and return of such Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
could therefore be adversely and materially affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières or Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or could have a material adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières or Fixed/Floating 
Rate Obligations Foncières. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to 
adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each holder of Obligations Foncières, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each 
holder of Obligations Foncières.  
2.1.9 Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières 
Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières allows for the issuance of 
Obligations Foncières that pay no interest to holders of Obligations Foncières. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières than on the 
prices of ordinary Obligations Foncières because the discounted issue prices of Zero Coupon Obligations

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Foncières are generally substantially below their par value. If market interest rates increase, holders of Zero 
Coupon Obligations Foncières are exposed to greater price declines than holders of other securities with 
comparable maturity and credit rating. Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières are a type of investment 
associated with a particularly high risk of price fluctuation. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon 
Obligations Foncières are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and holders of 
Obligations Foncières may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
2.1.10 Obligations Foncières issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Obligations Foncières will specify the relevant issue price. The 
market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate 
future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Obligations Foncières. Therefore, holders of Obligations Foncières issued at a substantial discount or 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-
bearing securities.  
2.2 
Risk relating to the redemption at the option of the Issuer of the Obligations Foncières 
Any optional redemption feature of Obligations Foncières (as provided in Condition 6(b), Condition 6(d), 
Condition 6(e) and Condition 6(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) is likely to limit their 
market value. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Obligations Foncières, such 
Obligations Foncières may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at 
an effective interest rate as high as that of the Obligations Foncières and may only be able to do so at a lower rate.  
In addition, the Issuer may decide to redeem the Obligations Foncières in part only. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Obligations Foncières in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. In 
the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Obligations Foncières, the notice to holders of Materialised 
Obligations Foncières shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of 
the Dematerialised Obligations Foncières so reduced or the number of the Definitive Materialised Obligations 
Foncières to be redeemed, any trading market in respect of those Obligations Foncières in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid. The liquidity of the Obligations Foncières may be adversely affected 
to the extent such partial redemption is exercised and such reduced liquidity could have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Obligations Foncières. 
2.3 
Risk relating to the rating of the Obligations Foncières  
Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AA+ by S&P and/or Aaa by Moody's 
and/or AAA by DBRS. The credit rating of the Obligations Foncières will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn 
entirely by any of the rating agencies, such as S&P, Moody's, DBRS or their respective successors and/or by any 
other rating agency, without notice as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgment 
of the rating agencies, circumstances so warrant. A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings 
mentioned above may adversely and materially affect both the value of the Obligations Foncières or their

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
marketability in secondary market transactions and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Obligations 
Foncières.  
The rating reflects the relative likelihood that the Obligations Foncières are repaid as per their Terms and 
Conditions as judged by one or more independent credit rating agencies. In addition, an investment in the 
Obligations Foncières involves (i) the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of 
the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the relevant Obligations Foncières and (ii) taking credit risk 
on the Issuer because if the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the Obligations Foncières, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.  
Please also refer to the risk factor 3.1 entitled "Credit rating of Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
Obligations Foncières may be affected by the credit rating of Sfil and the French State" above. 
2.4 
Risks relating to Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières and Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Obligations Foncières may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of those Obligations Foncières into: 
(i) 
Eligible Green Loans as defined in the green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may be amended 
or supplemented from time to time) (the "Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework") (such Obligations Foncières being "Green Obligations Foncières"); 
(ii) 
either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the social note framework (as may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time) (the "Sfil Group Social Note Framework") or Eligible Social Loans as 
defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (such Obligations Foncières 
being "Social Obligations Foncières"); or  
(iii) 
Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (such Obligations Foncières being "Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières"),  
such Sfil Group Social Note Framework and Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework being 
published on the website of Sfil (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-
investors/), for an issue of Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières and Sustainability 
Obligations Foncières as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
"sustainable" or "social" project or benefit from a similar label is still under development. 
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended or completed (the "Taxonomy Regulation") 
which defines the criteria to determine whether an economic activity can be considered environmentally 
sustainable. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Eligible Green Loans defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework are not necessarily aligned with the criteria of the Taxonomy Regulation.  
Furthermore, on 23 October 2023, the Council adopted a regulation creating a European green bond standard (the 
"EuGB Regulation") based on the Taxonomy Regulation. The Green Obligations Foncières issued under this 
Programme will not be issued in accordance with the EuGB Regulation and are intended to comply only with the 
criteria set out in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. At this stage, the impact that 
the EuGB Regulation could have on green obligations foncières (such as the Green Obligations Foncières) that do 
not comply with the EuGB Regulation is not clear, but it could result in a decrease in investor demand for such 
green obligations foncières, a decrease in their market value or in their liquidity.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
For reasons beyond the Issuer's control, the use of proceeds of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social 
Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières may not satisfy any present or future legislative or 
regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment 
criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. The investors' expectations may also change over time 
and may affect the attractiveness and competitiveness of the Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations 
Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières for investors. This may affect the price or the value and the 
liquidity of the Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières. 
The Issuer intends to apply the proceeds of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or 
Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Loans, 
Eligible Health Loans Portfolio and/or Eligible Social Loans, as the case may be. However, for reasons beyond 
the Issuer's control (i) the relevant loan or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan, may not be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and (ii) such loan 
may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Accordingly, such proceeds may not be totally applied as initially planned. In addition, 
Sfil Group may change the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and/or the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework at any time, in particular, in order to adapt to any update that may be made to the 
Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (on which the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based) and/or the ICMA's Social Bond Principles (on 
which the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
are based) and/or the ICMA's Sustainability Bond Guidelines (on which the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework is based). Such changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the 
liquidity of any Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières issued prior to their implementation. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event 
of default under the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability 
Obligations Foncières, as the case may be. 
In addition, any failure to use the net proceeds from such Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations 
Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, with any loan or to meet or continue to 
meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally or socially focused investors with respect to such 
Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case 
may be, may affect the value of such Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability 
Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green and/or social assets and consequently, holders of Green Obligations Foncières, Social 
Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations 
Foncières, as the case may be. 
3. 
Risks relating to all Series of Obligations Foncières 
3.1 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, the Obligations 
Foncières are direct, unconditional and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Obligations Foncières, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future obligations foncières of the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Issuer (including the Obligations Foncières of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting 
from the Privilège. 
However, an investment in the Obligations Foncières involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial 
situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Obligations Foncières, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
3.2 
French insolvency laws  
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. 
Under French insolvency law, pursuant to Ordinance (ordonnance) No.2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, which 
transposes Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, in the context 
of the opening in France of a safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with 
respect to the Issuer, the affected parties (parties affectées) (i.e. creditors, including the holders of Obligations 
Foncières) are grouped into distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. The administrator 
(administrateur judiciaire) splits, on the basis of verifiable objective criteria, the affected parties between classes 
comprising claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest, following certain 
conditions. As a minimum, the secured and unsecured receivables must be treated in distinct classes in order to 
adopt a restructuring plan. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions. 
As specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is also subject to the provisions of 
Article L.613-24 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier, which include, inter alia, specific rules 
concerning the opening of insolvency proceedings against credit institutions (établissements de crédit) or financing 
companies (sociétés de financement), a specific involvement of the ACPR in the event of bankruptcy of a credit 
institution or financing company, an overriding concept of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) and 
other specific rules of liquidation. 
However, the Issuer, as société de crédit foncier, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from the 
French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings, including: 
(i) 
in accordance with Article L.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the provisions of Article 
L.632-2 of the French Code de commerce, allowing an administrative receiver to render certain transactions 
entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void, are not applicable to contracts 
executed by sociétés de crédit foncier, or to legal transactions in favour of sociétés de crédit foncier, 
provided that those contracts or transactions are, without fraud, made in accordance with their exclusive 
legal purpose (as defined by Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) 
in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier, precludes the extension of 
insolvency proceedings in respect of the société de crédit foncier parent company to the société de crédit 
foncier; 
(iii) 
in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of the opening of 
any safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) against 
the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer (such 
as the cash manager), the recovery, management and servicing contract pursuant to which the Issuer has

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its assets may be immediately terminated 
by the Issuer notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary; and 
(iv) 
pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, notwithstanding any legal 
provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions of book VI (Livre VI) of the French Code de 
commerce relating to the difficulties of companies (difficultés des entreprises): 
(a) 
the amounts resulting from loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits 
(dépôts) referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
including any mortgage, charge, lien, or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the 
forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) used for hedging as referred to in Article 
L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier (in each case, after any applicable set-off), 
together with the receivables in respect of deposits made by a société de crédit foncier with credit 
institutions (établissements de crédit), are allocated by way of priority to the payment of any sums 
due in relation to the obligations foncières, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as 
mentioned in paragraph 2 of the I of Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
(b) 
when a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure 
de résolution) opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the 
amounts regularly originated from the operations referred to in paragraph 2 of the I of Article L.513-
2 of the French Code monétaire et financier (i.e. resources benefiting from the Privilège) are paid 
to their respective creditors, on their respective contractual due date and by way of priority to all 
other receivables, whether or not preferred or secured, including interests resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration is; 
(c) 
no creditor of a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) may avail itself of any right over the 
assets and rights of such société de crédit foncier, either in principal or interest, until all creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
have been fully paid off; and 
(d) 
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation 
judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 
of the French Code monétaire et financier against a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer will 
not result in the acceleration of payment of Obligations Foncières and other debts benefiting from 
the Privilège. 
In the case of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of holders of Obligations Foncières to 
enforce their rights under the Obligations Foncières may be limited. In addition, the value of the Obligations 
Foncières would be adversely affected. 
3.3 
Modification and waivers  
The holders of Obligations Foncières will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a Masse and a General Meeting can be held or Written Decisions can be 
taken, each as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Obligations Foncières permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all holders of 
Obligations Foncières including holders of Obligations Foncières who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
General Meeting or did not consent to the Written Decision or holders of Obligations Foncières who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. Holders of Obligations Foncières may through Collective Decisions (as defined 
in as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières) deliberate or vote on any 
proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully 
described in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières. The modification of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières adopted by a majority of holders of Obligations Foncières 
may adversely and materially affect the market value of the Obligations Foncières and these holders of Obligations 
Foncières may lose all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 10(iv)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations 
Foncières provides that the provisions of Articles L.228-65 I. 1° (unless the Issuer is no longer a société de crédit 
foncier as a result of the change), 3°, 4°, L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Obligations Foncières having a denomination 
of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and, as a result of this exclusion, the prior approval 
of the holders of Obligations Foncières will not have to be obtained on such matter, which may affect the interest 
of the holders of Obligations Foncières generally, it being however specified for the avoidance of doubt that the 
holders of Obligations Foncières benefit from the same protection rights as non-bondholder creditors (créanciers 
non obligataires). 
3.4 
Withholding taxes - No additional amounts 
Pursuant to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, if any law should require that 
any payments in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the 
holders of Obligations Foncières or, if applicable, the Couponholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières, if French law 
should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any Obligation Foncière or 
Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, such Obligation Foncière will not, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be redeemed early. If such early redemption is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may redeem such Obligation Foncière.  
Such risk could adversely and materially affect the investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
3.5 
Risks related to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"), entered into force on 2 July 2014, and Regulation (EU) No. 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "SRM Regulation") provide for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 
The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the authority 
designated by each EU member state (the "Resolution Authority") with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's 
critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation a centralized power of 
resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to the national resolution 
authorities. 
Since 1 January 2016, French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") pursuant to Article L.613-44 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. The BRRD has been amended by (i) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (which has been implemented under French law by French Ordinance No.2020-
1636 (ordonnance relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020) and (ii) 
Regulation (EU) No. 2022/2036 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022. 
The legislative proposal published by the European Commission on 27 October 2021 is also amending BRRD by 
introducing new measures to clarify the calculation of internal MREL requirements within EU Banking groups 
and by harmonizing supervisory powers and tools of local supervisory authorities. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible 
liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Obligations Foncières if junior instruments prove 
insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in accordance with a set 
order of priority (the "Bail-in Tool"). They also include write-down/conversion powers with respect to institutions 
or groups which viability would otherwise be at threat or who require extraordinary financial support. 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include 
(without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the 
terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a 
temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With respect to the obligations foncières and other privileged notes, the BRRD provides that the Resolution 
Authority shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including covered 
bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of 
the cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they 
are governed by the law of a Member State of the European Union or of a third country. Nevertheless, relevant 
claims for the purposes of the Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders in respect of any Obligations 
Foncières issued under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the notes liability exceeded the value of the 
cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In such case, the write-down or conversion requirements could 
result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments of 
ownership of the notes, or the variation of the terms of notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable 
may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and 
R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier must, at all times, maintain a ratio 
of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%) between its eligible assets (including claims for payment of sums 
due under forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) used for hedging entered into by the Issuer 
benefiting from the Privilège under the conditions set forth in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier as well as any collateral received in relation to such forward financial instruments) and the total amount 
of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as calculated pursuant to Articles 6 to 11 of the regulation No. 99-
10 of the Committee of banking and financial regulation, as amended from time to time (Comité de la 
réglementation bancaire et financière). The costs incurred for managing and putting an end to the Obligations 
Foncières program may be defined as a percentage, the terms of which are set out by the French Resolution and 
Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). On 31 December 2023, the 
coverage ratio was equal to 113.8%. 
The holders of Obligations Foncières have very limited rights to contest and/or ask for the suspension of the 
exercise of the relevant competent authorities' resolution powers.  
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, or any suggestion of 
such application, with respect to the Issuer could adversely affect the rights of the holders of Obligations Foncières,

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
the price or value of an investment in the Obligations Foncières and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Obligations Foncières. As a result, holders of Obligations Foncières could lose all or part of 
their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
3.6 
Change of law or regulations 
The Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières are based on French law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. Any possible judicial decision or change in French law or the official application or interpretation 
of French law after the date of this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of 
the holder of Obligations Foncières. 
Any Obligations Foncières issued or to be issued may be affected by any new regulation produced by any 
European or French supervisory, such as the recently adopted EU directive on covered bonds. Any possible 
decision or change in European or French regulations or interpretation of such regulations could be unfavourable 
to creditors' rights, including those of the holders of Obligations Foncières. 
If any change in law or regulations was unfavourable to the Issuer or the holders of Obligations Foncières, it could 
have an adverse effect on the market value of the Obligations Foncières (depending on the nature of the change) 
and could have potentially negative repercussions on the holders of Obligations Foncières investment in the 
Obligations Foncières. 
4. 
Risks relating to the market  
4.1 
An active trading market for Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not develop 
The Obligations Foncières may have no established trading market when issued and an active trading market for 
the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme may not develop (even where the Obligations Foncières 
are admitted to trading), or, if one does develop, it may not be maintained or may not be liquid. If an active trading 
market for the Obligations Foncières does not develop, or is not maintained, the market or trading price and 
liquidity of the Obligations Foncières may be adversely affected.  
Therefore, holders of Obligations Foncières may not be able to sell their Obligations Foncières easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
These types of Obligations Foncières generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse impact on the market value of 
Obligations Foncières and, as a result, holders of Obligations Foncières could lose part of their investment in the 
Obligations Foncières. 
Although application may be made for the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris and/or, subject to the notification of a certificate of approval to any relevant competent 
authority as may be requested by the Issuer, on any other Regulated Market, such application may not be accepted, 
any particular Tranche of Obligations Foncières may not be admitted to trading or an active trading market may 
not develop. 
In addition, the Issuer is entitled to buy the Obligations Foncières and it may issue further Obligations Foncières. 
Such transactions by the Issuer may adversely affect the price development of Obligations Foncières issued under 
the Programme. If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the 
value of the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme. 
4.2 
Market value of the Obligations Foncières 
The Programme allows for Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or, subject to 
the notification of a certificate of approval to any relevant competent authority as may be requested by the Issuer, 
on any other Regulated Market.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
The market value of the Obligations Foncières will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the 
rating of the Obligations Foncières and a number of additional factors, including but not limited to, the volatility 
of market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. The value of the Obligations 
Foncières depends on a number of additional factors, including economic, financial and political events in France, 
Europe or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the 
Obligations Foncières are traded, which may cause market volatility. Such volatility may adversely affect the price 
of Obligations Foncières or economic and market conditions may have any other adverse effect. The price at which 
holders of Obligations Foncières will be able to sell the Obligations Foncières prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser 
and result in losing all or part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
4.3 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Programme allows for Obligations Foncières to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified 
Currency" as defined in Condition 5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières). The Issuer 
will pay principal and interest on the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme in the Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the 
Obligations Foncières, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Obligations 
Foncières, and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Obligations Foncières. In addition, 
government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely and materially affect applicable exchange rates. As a result, investors may receive an amount of interest 
or principal that is less than expected, or no interest or principal. This may adversely and materially affect the 
holders of Obligations Foncières who could lose part of their investment in the Obligations Foncières. 
4.4 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the various parties (including the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates) operating under the Programme and the investor.  
The Arranger, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer in the ordinary 
course of business. The Arranger, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Obligations Foncières, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In such cases, the interest of any of 
those parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ 
from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or the holders of Obligations Foncières. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers, and may enter into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer or investor clients, or as principal, in order 
to manage their exposure, their general risk or other trading activities. Such activity may affect future trading 
prices. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer. The 
Arranger, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Arranger, Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Obligations Foncières. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Obligations 
Foncières. The Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, 
or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments, which 
could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the holders of Obligations Foncières. 
In addition, potential conflicts may arise between the holders of Obligations Foncières and the calculation agent 
(including where the Arranger or a Dealer acts as a calculation agent) or any agent appointed for a Tranche of 
Obligations Foncières, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such 
agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières that may influence the amount 
receivable upon redemption of the Obligations Foncières. In particular, whilst a calculation agent will, as the case 
may be, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other 
banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by holders of Obligations Foncières during the term and on the maturity of the 
Obligations Foncières or the market price, liquidity or value of the Obligations Foncières and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the holders of Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the sections set out in the cross-reference lists below 
of the following documents and the EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below) which have been previously or 
simultaneously filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Rapport financier annuel 2023 in the French language relating to Caisse Française de Financement Local 
incorporating its audited annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the related audit report (the 
"2023 
Annual 
Report"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/CAF2023_RFA__FR_MEL_24_03_26.pdf)1; 
(b) 
the Rapport financier annuel 2022 in the French language relating to Caisse Française de Financement Local 
incorporating its audited annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the related audit report (the 
"2022 
Annual 
Report"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/CAF_RFA2022_FR_MEL_.pdf)2; 
(c) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 28 to 50 of the base 
prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 21 July 2006 approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur 
financier 
in 
Luxembourg 
(the 
"CSSF") 
(the 
"2006 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2006.pdf), 
the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 31 to 54 of the base 
prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 23 July 2007 approved by the CSSF (the "2007 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2007.pdf), 
the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 31 to 54 of the base 
prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 24 July 2008 approved by the CSSF (the "2008 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2008.pdf), 
the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 29 to 50 of the base 
prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 10 July 2009 approved by the CSSF (the "2009 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2009.pdf) 
as 
modified by the supplement dated 4 March 2010 to the base prospectus dated 10 July 2009 (the "Additional 2009 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/SupplementBaseProspectus2009_5.pdf), the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 33 to 54 of the base prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 
2 
July 
2010 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
"2010 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2010.pdf), 
the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 35 to 56 of the base 
prospectus of Dexia Municipal Agency dated 8 April 2011 approved by the CSSF (the "2011 EMTN Conditions" 
; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/EMTNProgramme2011.pdf), 
the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 69 to 103 of the base 
prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 26 June 2013 which received visa No. 13-306 from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2013 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/EMTN-program-2013-Base-Prospectus.pdf) as modified by the supplement dated 
24 July 2013 to the base prospectus dated 26 June 2013 (the "Additional 2013 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/SUPPLEMENT-1-VISA-13-415.pdf), 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières"contained in pages 70 to 105 of the base 
 
1 For information purposes only, the English translation of the 2023 Annual Report is published on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) and may be obtained without charge at the registered office 
of the Issuer. 
2 For information purposes only, the English translation of the 2022 Annual Report is published on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) and may be obtained without charge at the registered office 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 23 June 2014 which received visa No. 14-317 from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2014 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/2014-06-CAFFIL-BASE-PROSPECTUS-VISA.pdf), the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 71 to 107 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française 
de Financement Local dated 11 June 2015 which received visa No. 15-269 from the AMF (the "2015 EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/A19763722-v4.2-
CAFFIL-2015_Base-Prospectus.pdf), the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" 
contained in pages 77 to 113 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 10 June 2016 
which 
received 
visa 
No. 
16-240 
from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2016 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/A31665570-v0.47-CAFFIL-
2016_Base-Prospectus.pdf), the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained 
in pages 77 to 112 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 9 June 2017 which 
received 
visa 
No. 
17-267 
from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2017 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/CAFFIL-2017_Base-Prospectus.pdf), 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 86 to 120 of the base 
prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 8 June 2018 which received visa No. 18-234 from the 
AMF 
(the 
"2018 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2018/06/CAFFIL-BP-18-234.pdf), the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations 
Foncières" contained in pages 92 to 129 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 
7 June 2019 which received visa No. 19-252 from the AMF (the "2019 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/CAFFIL-2019_Base-Prospectus.pdf), 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 54 to 108 of the base 
prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 12 June 2020 which received approval number No. 
20-253 from the AMF (the "2020 EMTN Conditions"; https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2020/06/CAFFIL-2020_-Base-Prospectus.pdf) as modified by the supplement dated 14 April 
2021 to the base prospectus dated 12 June 2020 (the "Additional 2020 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Supplement-4-EMTN-CAFFIL.pdf), 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 58 to 112 of the base 
prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 11 June 2021 which received approval number No. 
21-217 from the AMF (the "2021 EMTN Conditions"; https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2021/06/CAFFIL-2021_BASE-PROSPECTUS.pdf), the section entitled "Terms and Conditions 
of the Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 58 to 115 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local dated 10 June 2022 which received approval number No. 22-204 from the AMF (the "2022 
EMTN Conditions"; https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/CAFFIL_Base-
Prospectus-FINAL-apres-approbation46442537.1.pdf) and the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the 
Obligations Foncières" contained in pages 59 to 117 of the base prospectus of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number No. 23-212 from the AMF (the "2023 EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/CAFFIL_Base-
Prospectus-2023.pdf, and together with the 2006 EMTN Conditions, the 2007 EMTN Conditions, the 2008 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2009 EMTN Conditions, the Additional 2009 EMTN Conditions, the 2010 EMTN Conditions, the 
2011 EMTN Conditions, the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the Additional 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2014 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 
EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the Additional 2020 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2021 EMTN Conditions and the 2022 EMTN Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions").  
Such documents are incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge upon request, 
during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 
75015 Paris, France) so long as any of the Obligations Foncières are outstanding. Such documents will be published 
on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of 
further issues of Obligations Foncières to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) and form a single 
Series with Obligations Foncières already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. To the extent that 
only the EMTN Previous Conditions are specified to be incorporated by reference therein, non-incorporated parts 
of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 21 July 2006, 23 July 2007, 24 July 2008, 10 July 2009, 2 July 2010, 
8 April 2011, 26 June 2013, 23 June 2014, 11 June 2015, 10 June 2016, 9 June 2017, 8 June 2018, 7 June 2019 and 
12 June 2020, 11 June 2021, 10 June 2022 and 12 June 2023 and of the supplement dated 4 March 2010, 24 July 2013 
and 14 April 2021 are not relevant for the investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall 
be read in connection with the following cross-reference lists below. For the avoidance of doubt, any information 
not listed in the cross-reference list below entitled "Cross-reference list in respect of the financial information of the 
Issuer" but included in the documents listed above is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus 
or is not relevant for the holders of Obligations Foncières.  
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the financial information of the Issuer 
 
DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 
BY 
REFERENCE 
(ANNEX 
6 
OF 
THE 
COMMISSION 
DELEGATED 
REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 OF 14 MARCH 
2019 
SUPPLEMENTING 
THE 
PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, 
AS 
AMENDED) 
2023 Annual Report 
 
2022 Annual Report 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1. Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1. Audited historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years 
(or such shorter period as the issuer 
has been in operation) and the audit 
report in respect of each year 
 
Audited historical financial information for the 
latest two financial years 
 
 
 
 
 
French GAAP 
Pages 83 to 105 
 
 
 
 
 
French GAAP 
Pages 161 to 185

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
 
Audit reports for the latest two financial years 
 
French GAAP Auditors' 
report 
Pages 106 to 109 
 
 
French GAAP Auditors' 
report 
Pages 186 to 189 
 
11.1.3. Accounting standards 
French GAAP 
Pages 83 to 109 
French GAAP 
Pages 161 to 189 
11.1.5. Audited financial information prepared 
according to national accounting 
standards 
 
 
− 
Balance sheet 
Page 84 
Page 162 
− 
Income statement 
Page 85 
Page 164 
− 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Pages 88 to 105 
 
Pages 167 to 185 
 
11.1.7. Age of financial information 
 
 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration 
document. 
Pages 83 to 105 
Pages 103 to 158 
11.3. Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
11.3.1. The historical financial information 
must be independently audited 
 
French GAAP 
Auditors' report 
Pages 106 to 109 
 
French GAAP 
Auditors' report 
Pages 186 to 189 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of EMTN Previous Conditions 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Information from previous base prospectuses/supplements incorporated 
by reference 
2006 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 28 to 50

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
2007 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 54 
2008 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 54 
2009 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 29 to 50 
Additional 2009 EMTN Conditions 
Page 4 
2010 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 33 to 54 
2011 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 35 to 56 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 69 to 103 
Additional 2013 EMTN Conditions 
Page 8 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 70 to 105 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 71 to 107 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 113 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 112 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 86 to 120 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 92 to 129 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 54 to 108 
Additional 2020 EMTN Conditions 
Page 21 
2021 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 58 to 112 
2022 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 58 to 115 
2023 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 59 to 117

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-Exempt Offer") in France and in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (each, a "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any and as defined below) beginning within twelve (12) months 
from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF.  
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Obligations 
Foncières is made, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
together with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time to time and the relevant Final Terms 
(together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Obligations Foncières during the offer period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by:  
(1) 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, as designated and 
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: (a) 
acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies 
(the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Obligations Foncières by any person and disclosure to any 
potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of this 
Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) considers the relevant manufacturer's target market 
assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II Product Governance" legend set out in the 
relevant Final Terms and/or the "UK MiFIR product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) 
ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary 
in relation to the offer or sale of the Obligations Foncières is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential 
investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Obligations Foncières under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records 
for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement 
to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the content of 
the Prospectus in relation to any Investor in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Obligations 
Foncières is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is 
given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Non-Exempt Offers and provided that the relevant 
Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-Exempt Offers may be made in Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the 
Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the 
relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who 
are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at 
www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr. 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, any 
such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is using 
the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the 
conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt Offer 
by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with its offer of 
any Obligations Foncières. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised 
Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Obligations Foncières from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Obligations Foncières to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt 
Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection 
with the offer or sale of the Obligations Foncières and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will 
not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors 
by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 8 July 2025, a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Obligations Foncières arises or is noted, the Issuer 
shall prepare and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") as required by Article 
23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") or a restated Base Prospectus. 
Where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer to the public of Obligations Foncières, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for Obligations Foncières before any supplement is published shall have the right, 
exercisable within two (2) working days after the publication of this supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of 
such offer or the delivery of the Obligations Foncières, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the 
Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the 
supplement. On 8 July 2025, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr) in accordance with applicable laws and regulation and 
(b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any 
weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below and, together with the terms and conditions below, the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Obligations Foncières"), shall be applicable to the Obligations Foncières. In the case of Dematerialised Obligations 
Foncières the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Unless the context requires otherwise, references below to (i) "Conditions" are to the numbered paragraphs below and 
(ii) "Obligations Foncières" are to the Obligations Foncières of one Series only, not to all Obligations Foncières that 
may be issued under the Programme.  
The Obligations Foncières will be issued by Caisse Française de Financement Local (the "Issuer"). An amended and 
restated agency agreement dated 8 July 2024 has been agreed between the Issuer and Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg, société anonyme, as fiscal agent, paying agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and calculation 
agent and the other agents named therein (the "Amended and Restated Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the 
paying agent, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)".  
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a member state (the 
"Member State(s)") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended and appearing on the list 
of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website, and "day" or "days" 
means calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Obligations Foncières may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Obligations 
Foncières") or in materialised form ("Materialised Obligations Foncières"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Obligations Foncières will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-
3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières. 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the 
final terms (the "Final Terms"), in either bearer form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed 
in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, 
at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed 
in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent").

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Obligations Foncières are issued in bearer form (au porteur) only. Materialised 
Obligations Foncières in definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières") are 
serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a talon 
(the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities which are governed by French law (such as Obligations Foncières) and are in 
materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Obligations Foncières may be "Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières", "Floating Rate 
Obligations Foncières", "Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières", "Formula Obligations 
Foncières", "Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières", "Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations 
Foncières" and "Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières", depending on the Interest Basis and the 
redemption method specified in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Obligations Foncières shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination"). Dematerialised Obligations Foncières shall be 
issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières (including Obligations 
Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes 
a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
(c) 
Title:  
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Obligations 
Foncières shall only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account 
Holders. Title to Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
shall pass upon, and transfer of such Obligations Foncières shall only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Obligation Foncière (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Obligations Foncières" or "holder of any Obligation Foncière", 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, the person whose name appears in 
the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
be) as being entitled to such Obligations Foncières and (ii) in the case of Materialised Obligations 
Foncières, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière and the Coupons or Talon 
relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the 
consent of the holder of any Obligation Foncière, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) 
days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on which the European Member 
State in whose national currency the Obligations Foncières are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
(as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time (the 
"Treaty")) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but 
not some only, of the Obligations Foncières of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, 
as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to 
in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Obligations Foncières pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Obligation Foncière from the relevant national currency 
into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council 
of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the 
figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Obligation Foncière using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Obligations Foncières so determined shall be notified to holders of Obligations 
Foncières in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with 
a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro 
on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to holders of Obligations Foncières by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Obligations Foncières, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 12, without the consent of the holder of any Obligation Foncière, Coupon or Talon, make 
any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre 
of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are 
not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Obligations Foncières, Coupons and Talons and shall 
be notified to holders of Obligations Foncières in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Obligation Foncière, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of Euros or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Obligations Foncières may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Obligations Foncières will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue date(s). The 
Obligations Foncières of each Series will be fungible with all Obligations Foncières of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates and on terms 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the 
Final Terms of such Tranche. The Obligations Foncières of a Tranche of each Series will be fungible with 
all Obligations Foncières of the other Tranches of that Series. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Obligations Foncières 
(a) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières 
(i) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the holder of such Obligations Foncières, be converted into Obligations Foncières in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such 
option by such holder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Obligations Foncières 
Materialised Obligations Foncières of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Obligations Foncières of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status 
The Obligations Foncières and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional 
and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future 
obligations foncières of the Issuer (including the Obligations Foncières of all other Series) and other resources 
raised by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège referred to in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier (the "Privilège") as described in Condition 4. 
4 
Privilège 
(a) 
The Obligations Foncières benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) pursuant to Article L.513-
11 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
In accordance with Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier, all amounts payable to the 
Issuer in respect of loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits (dépôts) referred to in 
Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier including any mortgage, charge, lien 
or guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative 
transactions) used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
(in each case, after any applicable set-off), together with the receivables in respect of deposits made by the 
Issuer with credit institutions (établissements de crédit), are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
due in respect of obligations foncières (including the Obligations Foncières) issued by the Issuer and of 
any other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. 
 
It should be noted that, in addition to Obligations Foncières and other resources raised by the Issuer 
pursuant to any agreement or document purporting to inform the public (within the meaning of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended, or any other equivalent document required in connection with the admission to trading 
on any regulated market located outside France) referring to the Privilège, sums due under forward financial 
instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) used for hedging entered into by the Issuer also benefit from the 
Privilège under the conditions set forth in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(c) 
in the event of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation 
judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) (opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) opened against the Issuer, the amounts due regularly under obligations 
foncières (including the Obligations Foncières) and other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid 
on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including 
interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from 
the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and 
rights of the Issuer either in principal or accrued or future interests. 
(d) 
The safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) (opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier) opened against the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of Obligations 
Foncières and other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Obligations Foncières, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (a copy of which may be obtained at the registered office of the Issuer during usual business 
hours), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Obligations Foncières, the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto, as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) (a copy of which may be obtained at the registered office 
of the Issuer during usual business hours), as published by ISDA, as may be amended, supplemented or 
superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series. 
"Benchmark" means the Reference Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of payments to be made in Euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system ("T2") is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro (a "TARGET Business Day"); and/or

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Obligation 
Foncière for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" or "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
in each case where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, any Interest Payment Date 
(iii) 
if Actual/Actual-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 
February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than 
one year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
• 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
• 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in 
the first paragraph of this definition. 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count 
Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(vii) 
if 30/360-FBF or Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator 
is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor the 
31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty one (31) days.  
The fraction is: 
 
then: 
 
or 
 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period; 
(30,31)
 
 
dd1
 
and
 
31
 
 
dd2
 
If

=
dd1)]
– 
 
(dd2
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
x 
360
1
+
+
30)]
 , 
(dd1
Min 
– 
 
30)
 , 
(dd2
Min 
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
 x 
360
1
+
+

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period. 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count 
Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(x) 
if 30E/360-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during such 
period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject to the following 
exception:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days 
elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted or 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the "FBF Master Agreement") 
as supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Obligations 
Foncières, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day 
falling two Business Days in Paris for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified as Specified Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Payment Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, or the relevant payment date if the Obligations Foncières become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Obligations 
Foncières and that is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of SONIA, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if otherwise, the principal 
30)]
 , 
(dd1
Min 
– 
 
30)
 , 
(dd2
Min 
 
 
30
 x 
mm1)
– 
 
(mm2
 
 
360
 x 
yy1)
  
[(yy2
 x 
360
1
+
+

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
offices of four (4) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either CMS 
Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC10 (or any successor or replacement rate). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised 
Obligations Foncières if earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
holders of such Materialised Obligations Foncières that, upon further presentation of the Materialised 
Obligation Foncière or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Inter-Bank Market" means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page Time" means such Relevant Screen Page time as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Obligations Foncières are denominated. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières: Each Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in advance as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Obligations Foncières, Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières and Formula 
Obligations Foncières: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Obligation Foncière, Inflation Linked Obligation 
Foncière and Formula Obligations Foncières bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières: The Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Floating Rate Obligations Foncières for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according 
to the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" 
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that 
"Euribor" means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable) specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were 
the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
(a) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph Floating Rate Option specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity for which rates are available were the period of time of next 
shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period. 
(b) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2021 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
(5) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date; 
(6) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(7) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and 
any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
(8) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (3) above, the relevant Reset Date is the 
last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the "Lookback" is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period Business Day" is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the "Lockout" is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option if the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise defined in such 
sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Calculation Period", "Compounding with 
Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", 
"Fixing Day", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business 
Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate 
Option", "Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance", "Swap Transaction"

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
and "Termination Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. For such purpose, references to 
"Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to 
the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Obligations Foncières 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below 
or to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five 
(5) or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (C)(a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(C)(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-
bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date relating to such Rate 
of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period);  
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being €STR, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank dated 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Eurozone provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised 
euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB 
€STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) 
on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
"€STRi-p" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;  
"p" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business 
Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "€STR Observation Look-Back 
Period"; 
"€STR Observation Period " means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Obligations Foncières become due and 
payable); and 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any 
successor source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR 
for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date (as defined below) have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the ECB Recommended Rate (as defined below). 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR 
(as defined below). 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event (as defined below) and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined below) subsequently

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and shall be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (d) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest 
shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date relating 
to such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the €STR Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published €STR or, if ECB Recommended Rate is 
published on a later date than the latest published €STR, the ECB Recommended Rate 
or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended 
Rate, the Modified EDFR (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising 
the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurred; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being SARON, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the overnight interest rate 
of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day 
in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Screen Page (as defined below) at the SARON Relevant Time on such 
Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i"; 
"SARON Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date falling 
"p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" 
Zurich Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Obligations 
Foncières become due and payable);

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "SARON Observation Look-Back 
Period"; 
"SARON Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of 
trading on SIX Swiss Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be 
on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich 
for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the "SARON Screen 
Page") at the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and neither 
a SARON Index Cessation Event nor a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred on or prior to the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the SARON 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for 
the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the SARON was published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the SARON Relevant 
Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the 
SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one (1) Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of 
SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period occurring on or after that SARON Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to SARON were references to the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate, giving effect to the SARON Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one (1) Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of 
SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period occurring on or after that SARON Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to SARON were references to the policy rate of 
the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking 
Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any.  
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate or 
the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the "SARON Replacement Rate") will 
remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and 
shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (e) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest 
shall be the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
relating to such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of SARON for each Zurich 
Banking Day in the SARON Observation Period on or after such SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published SARON (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the SARON; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
paragraph (i) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the SARON; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraph (ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of such 
statement or publication or (ii) the date, if any, specified in such statement or 
publication as the date on which the SARON will no longer be representative; 
or 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraph (ii)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the SARON 
may no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events (as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that 
the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SARON 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the SARON; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator 
or any competent authority announcing that (x) the SARON is no longer 
representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the 
SARON may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the 
case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed 
income securities and derivatives.  
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
with respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has 
replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, 
formula or methodology as described in clause (i) above, to be applied to such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to holders of Obligations Foncières as a 
result of the replacement of the SARON with such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, such spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed 
income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes 
of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or committee 
in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the National Working 
Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, 
among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in 
Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the "SARON Recommending 
Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; 
and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to 
be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to holders of Obligations Foncières as a result of the replacement of the 
SARON with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median between the SARON and 
the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the 
SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being SOFR, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the SOFR Interest Determination Date as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded upwards:  
(1)  
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during such 
Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(2)  
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND; or 
(3)  
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND; or 
(4)  
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND; or 
(5)   
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE; 
where: 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is 
a SOFR Interest Reset Date, the SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset 
Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in 
the Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that 
the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from 
and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the 
SOFR with respect to the SOFR Interest Reset Date coinciding with the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each SOFR Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days before 
each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to that day "i";  
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day following each SOFR Interest Determination Date, as follows:  
 
where:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"d0", for any SOFR Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days before 
each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
"SOFR Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
means the period from, and including, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period (and the 
first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Obligations 
Foncières become due and payable);  
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back Period". 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a compounded 
average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the day in relation 
to which the SOFR IndexStart is determined to, but excluding, the day in relation 
to which the SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back Period";

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
"SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall be the value published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website on or about 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. In the event that the value 
originally published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on or about 
8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York on or about 2:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the original date of publication, then such corrected value, instead of 
the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the SOFR Index in 
relation to such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Issue Date) (a "SOFR Index Determination Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the date on which the 
Obligations Foncières become due and payable). 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (3) of the definition of "SOFR" below, if the 
SOFR Index is not published on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, the "USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" and "p" shall mean two U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days. 
If the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Obligations Foncières in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f): 
"Alternate Agent" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial expert with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR 
or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be determined by the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate obligations 
foncières at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent decide that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent determine that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; 
or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank 
for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time");

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect 
of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website;  
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred: 
(X) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(Y) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(Z) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
obligations foncières at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the website of any successor administrator 
of SOFR; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD" means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any substitution of the SOFR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and shall be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being SONIA, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:  
(1)  
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND; or

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(2)  
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND; or 
(3)  
if SONIA Compounded Index is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA- COMPOUND;  
where: 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" for any SONIA Observation Period, is the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from and including such London 
Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day 
("i+1");  
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period";  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day;  
"SONIAi", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA for such London Banking 
Day "i"; and 
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Obligations Foncières become 
due and payable); 
"SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking 
Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period";  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case, on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking 
Day "i";  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the rate of return of a compounded average 
interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the day in relation to 
which the SONIA Compounded Indexx is determined to, but excluding, the day 
in relation to which the SONIA Compounded Indexy is determined; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item "SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking Day shall 
be the value provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors 
on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors. In the event that the SONIA 
Compounded Index value originally published by the administrator of SONIA 
on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any London Banking Day is 
subsequently corrected and such corrected value is published by the 
administrator of SONIA on the original date of publication, then such corrected 
value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the 
SONIA Compounded Index value;  
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
on the day falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the first date of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Issue Date); 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
on the day falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the final 
Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the date on which 
the Obligations Foncières become due and payable). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page 
on any SONIA Compounded Index determination date, the "SONIA 
Compounded Index" shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date 
with respect to an Interest Accrual Period in accordance with "SONIA-SHIFT-
COMPOUND". 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA shall be:  
(x)  
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate; or 
(y)  
 if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under 
paragraph (x) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Obligations 
Foncières for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
Any substitution of the SONIA, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Obligations Foncières and shall be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date relating to such Rate 
of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Obligations Foncières for the first 
Interest Accrual Period, had the Obligations Foncières been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
(h) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being CMS Rate, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest quotations and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any Interest Determination Date 
less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with the 
then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(h): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United 
States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the 
New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent.  
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Financial Centre" means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time" and "Relevant Screen Page" 
shall have the meaning given to those terms in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Relevant Swap Rate" means:  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the then prevailing standard market practice 
or the ISDA Definitions;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the relevant Final 
Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Obligations Foncières is specified as being TEC10, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
TEC10 + Margin. 
"TEC10" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the EUR-TEC10-CNO3, calculated by the Banque de France, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page, being the caption "TEC10" on the Reuters Screen 
BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, TEC10 does not appear on Reuters Screen 
BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor page, (i) it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference 
OAT (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been used by the Banque 
de France for the calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in each case by five 
Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) the Calculation Agent will request each 
Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a quotation of its price; and (iii) TEC10 
will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such prices as determined by 
the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. The 
above-mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula that would have been used by the Banque de France for 
the determination of the relevant rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, is 
the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation 
Assimilable du Trésor, "OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the 
yield to maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose periods to 
maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's 
duration being of less than 10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration being 
greater than 10 years. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
 
3 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant "Benchmark", 
one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the 
period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time 
of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.  
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA) at any time, when 
the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières provide for any remaining rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallback 
provisions set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following 
provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over the fallback provisions relating to €STR, 
SARON, SOFR and SONIA provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence 
of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the holders 
of Obligations Foncières for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Obligations Foncières (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Obligations 
Foncières (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser determines 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (i) that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant 
Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of holders of Obligations 
Foncières, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Obligations 
Foncières are for the time being admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative 
(if any) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the holders of Obligations Foncières, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Originial Reference Rate specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, 
if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (and, until 
such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to holders of Obligations Foncières as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(2) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (1) 
above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
(3) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and 
which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Obligations 
Foncières; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (2)(i); 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (4)(i);  
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; 
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any holder of Obligations Foncières using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable); or 
(7) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to article 
35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds, as amended. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Obligations Foncières; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following 
a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of 
those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, 
the particular features of the relevant Obligations Foncières and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières:  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France, as 
calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
(the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières indexed to the CPI 
(the "CPI Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest Accrual Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The CPI Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(A), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" 
is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable on any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to six 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the first day of any 
given calendar month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (ii in relation to a day D (other than the first day) in any given 
calendar month ("M"), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third calendar month preceding such month ("M – 3") 
and the second calendar month preceding such month ("M – 2") calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3  
+ 
D-1 
x 
(CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2 - CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-
3) 
NDM 
 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal or interest, shall be equal to 25;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index 
published in relation to month M - 2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index 
published in relation to month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to six significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters Page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
FRCPXTOB Index <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of 
doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, 
such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the 
French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur 
l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" means the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in France, as calculated and published monthly 
by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. 
(b) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by 
the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled "Inflation linked-bonds". In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
(c) 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading "indice 
de substitution". Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it shall automatically apply from the day following its release 
to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute 
index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published 
figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
 
 
1

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-
1 
x 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly 
Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be 
chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last 
year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining will be 
carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis 
= CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous Basis 
X Key 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) 
shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières indexed to the HICP 
(the "HICP Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest Accrual Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum multiplied 
by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The HICP Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an "Interest 
Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(B), the "Inflation Index Ratio" or "IIR" is 
the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable on any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be 
and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Base 
Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to six significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the first day of any 
given calendar month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third calendar month

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
preceding such month, and (ii) in relation to a day D (other than the first day) in any 
given month ("M"), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third calendar month preceding such month ("M – 3") 
and the second calendar month preceding such month ("M – 2") calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly 
Reference IndexM-3 
+ 
D-1 
x (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3) 
NDM 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal or interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index published in relation to month M - 2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index published in relation to month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters Page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on 
Bloomberg page CPTFEMU Index <GO>. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" means to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may 
be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a given month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the "Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it shall automatically apply from 
the day following its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly 
Reference Index M-
13 
 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December 
calculated on the previous basis 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis 
= HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous Basis 
X Key 
(v) 
Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières  
(Formulas relating to Obligations Foncières are only applicable for Obligations Foncières having a 
denomination of at least €100,000) 
(A) 
Index Formula: When the Index Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue 
of Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation x (Leverage1 x Index1 – Leverage2 x Index2) + Spread 
where: 
"Designated Maturity" means a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index1" means the Index Reference Rate or the CPI Reference Rate or the HICP Reference 
Rate or 0 (zero) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index2" means the Index Reference Rate or the CPI Reference Rate or the HICP Reference 
Rate or 0 (zero) as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
"Participation" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index Reference Rate" means the rate designated as such in the Final Terms with the 
Designated Maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms determined in accordance with the 
Screen Rate Determination (described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)) or the ISDA Determination 
(described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)), as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Leverage1" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or 
a negative value or may be equal to one. 
"Leverage2" means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or number 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or 
a negative value or may be equal to one. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"CPI Reference Rate" for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent with the following formula: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' 
where: 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls; 
"M'" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM or the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are not 
published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)(c) shall apply.  
"HICP Reference Rate" for each Interest Accrual Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM' 
where: 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M';

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM or the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are not 
published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(c) shall apply. 
(B) 
Underlying Formula: When the Underlying Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Participation x (1 + Underlying + Spread)k – 1  
where: 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time. 
"Designated Maturity" means the maturity specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Participation" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or any successor page. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"TEC" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire 
("CNO"), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen BDFCNOTEC 
Page or any successor page, as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date. 
"Underlying" means either TEC4 or CMS Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with 
the applicable Designated Maturity, Relevant Screen Page and Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"k" means the coefficient specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, CMS Rate does not appear on the relevant 
Screen Page at the relevant time, the adjustment provisions with respect to the Relevant 
Screen Page for CMS Rate set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e) shall apply. 
 
4 All potential users of the TEC must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
If, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, TEC does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Specified Time, (i) TEC shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference OAT (Obligation Assimilable du 
Trésor) which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the 
calculation of TEC, quoted in each case by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at 
approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) the 
Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a quotation 
of its price; and (iii) TEC will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such prices 
as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of such 
quotations. The above-mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of the relevant rate. 
(C) 
When the CPI Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue of Obligations 
Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 + Spread 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' 
 
where: 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the CPI Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls; 
"M'" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM or the CPI Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are not 
published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)(c) shall apply. 
(D) 
When the HICP Formula is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the issue of Obligations 
Foncières having a denomination of at least €100,000 as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM 
- 1 + Spread 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM'

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
where: 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M'": the level of the HICP Monthly Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) published in relation to month M'; 
"M" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls; 
"M'" is the calendar month, falling such number of calendar months (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) preceding the calendar month in which the Interest Determination Date 
falls. 
"Spread" means the positive or negative rate expressed as a percentage specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM or the HICP Monthly Reference IndexM' is or are not 
published in a timely manner, Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(c) shall apply. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières: Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières may bear interest 
at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect, upon giving not less than 15 Business Days' prior notice in accordance 
with Condition 13, to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Optional Change of Interest 
Date") from a fixed rate (as determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)) (a "Fixed Rate") to a floating rate (as 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(c)) (a "Floating Rate"), or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change of Interest Date"). 
(e) 
Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières: Solely for Obligations Foncières having a denomination of 
at least €100,000, Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect, upon giving not less than 15 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 13, to 
convert on the Optional Change of Interest Date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Formula, 
or from a Formula to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Formula or 
from a Formula to a Fixed Rate on the Automatic Change of Interest Date set out in the Final Terms. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières: Where an Obligation Foncière the interest basis of which is specified 
to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to an Issuer's option or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(e) or otherwise pursuant to Condition 6(d)(i) and is not 
paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Obligation Foncière. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such an Obligation Foncière shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(d)(i)). 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Obligation Foncière on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, on such due date or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated 
in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate 
of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum as the case may be, provided that in no 
event, will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Obligation Foncière for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Obligation Foncière by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Obligation Foncière for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts 
and Optional Redemption Amounts or Early Redemption Amount: The Calculation Agent shall, as 
soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Obligations Foncières for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying 
Agent, the holders of Obligations Foncières, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or stock exchange, and the rules of 
such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Obligation Foncière is 
outstanding (as defined below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may 
not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Obligations 
Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated 
Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 
13. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "outstanding" means, in relation to the Obligations Foncières of any Series, 
all the Obligations Foncières issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Obligations Foncières to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form 
and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holder on behalf of the holder of Obligations 
Foncières, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in fully registered form, to the account of the 
holder of Obligations Foncières and (iii) in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, to the Fiscal Agent 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Obligations Foncières and/or 
Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Obligations Foncières that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Obligations 
Foncières, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Obligations Foncières are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Obligations Foncières 
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Obligations 
Foncières have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières, pursuant to its provisions. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Obligation Foncière shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount which is (i) its nominal amount (except in the case of Zero Coupon 
Obligations Foncières) or (ii) an amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(c) if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all laws, regulations and 
directives applicable to the Issuer and the Obligations Foncières and on giving not less than 5 nor more

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the holders of Obligations Foncières 
(or such other notice period if specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some, of 
the Obligations Foncières on any Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption of Obligations Foncières shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount being (except 
with respect to Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières) the nominal amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption, if any.  
Materialised Obligations Foncières may be redeemed in all or in part. In the case of a partial redemption 
the notice to holders of Materialised Obligations Foncières shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, the redemption may be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in a Series in proportion 
to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. Any such redemption must relate to Obligations Foncières of 
a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
So long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial 
redemption of the Obligations Foncières, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and on the website of any 
other competent authority of the EEA Member State and/or Regulated Market where the Obligations 
Foncières are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Obligations 
Foncières outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières a list of any Materialised 
Obligations Foncières, drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières: If Condition 6(c) is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Obligations 
Foncières will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Obligations Foncières 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Obligations Foncières will 
be redeemed at par. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c) only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day 
before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) on the Maturity Date and the 
Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(B)) on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Obligation Foncière, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, 
upon redemption of such Obligation Foncière pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(e) and 6(i) if so

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Obligation Foncière. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal amount of any 
such Obligation Foncière (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Obligation Foncière on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Nominal Amount, equal to the issue price of the Obligations Foncières if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date (the "Amortisation Yield")) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any such Obligation Foncière upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(e) and 6(i) 
is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
due and payable in respect of such Obligation Foncière shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Obligations Foncières as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that 
such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Obligations Foncières 
becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Obligation Foncière on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières:  
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(d)(ii) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières, the Early Redemption Amount of such Obligations Foncières 
in respect of such Obligations Foncières will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR x nominal amount of the Obligations Foncières 
For the purpose of this Condition only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(A)) on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)) on the date 
set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Obligations 
Foncières will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières (whether or not Condition 6(d)(ii) applies) fall 
to be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such 
accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and 
including the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such 
Obligations Foncières at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iv) 
above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the 
fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Obligations Foncières: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Obligation 
Foncière (other than Obligations Foncières described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such 
Obligations Foncières pursuant to Condition 6(e) or 6(i), if so provided in the relevant Final Terms), 
shall be the nominal amount of such Obligation Foncière. 
(e) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest 
or other revenues in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction 
in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, 
such Obligation Foncière will not, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be redeemed 
early. If such early redemption is provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem such 
Obligation Foncière at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption and notice of such early redemption shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Obligations Foncières (provided that, in 
the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. All 
Obligations Foncières so purchased by the Issuer may either (i) be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations or (ii) be cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(g) below. 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Obligations Foncières purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
forthwith be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Obligations 
Foncières, by surrendering Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Obligations 
Foncières in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Obligations Foncières redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, 
all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Obligations 
Foncières and, in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Obligations Foncières so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any such Obligations Foncières shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Subscription and use as collateral: Notwithstanding this Condition 6, the Issuer may, pursuant to 
Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et financier, subscribe its own Obligations Foncières for 
the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral for the credit operations of the Banque de France in 
accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations, in instances where the Issuer is unable to meet its cash-flow needs with other means available 
to it. 
(i) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such law, 
becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of any Series of 
the Obligations Foncières, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more 
of its obligations under such Obligations Foncières, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days' notice to the holders of Obligations Foncières (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of such Obligations

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Foncières at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières shall (in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in bearer form or 
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of 
the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Obligations Foncières and, (in the case of 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant 
currency with a Bank designated by the holders of Obligations Foncières. All payments validly made to 
such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Obligations Foncières: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised 
Obligations Foncières shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Materialised Obligations Foncières (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case 
of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
of America by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised 
Obligations Foncières are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer 
shall have appointed a Paying Agent with specified offices outside the United States of America with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent would be able to make payment of the amounts on the 
Obligations Foncières in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all 
such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: Payments will be subject in all cases, to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, in the place of 
payment, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Obligations Foncières or Coupons in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of 
Obligations Foncières of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any holder of Obligation Foncière or Coupon. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agent, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) a Paying Agent having specified 
offices in at least two major European cities provided that (A) so long as the Obligations Foncières are 
admitted to trading on the the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules applicable 
to that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent in Luxembourg, and (B) so 
long as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent in France (v) a Registration Agent 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market or stock exchange on which 
the Obligations Foncières may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Obligations Foncières denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Obligations Foncières of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Obligations Foncières with one or more other Series of Obligations Foncières, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Obligations Foncières and such 
other Series of Obligations Foncières to be so consolidated with such Obligations Foncières. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of 
Obligations Foncières in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Obligations Foncières, Materialised Obligations 
Foncières which comprise Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières (other than Inflation Linked 
Obligations Foncières) should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall 
be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten 
(10) years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Obligation Foncière comprising a Floating 
Rate Obligation Foncière or Inflation Linked Obligation Foncière, unmatured Coupons relating to 
such Obligation Foncière (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Obligation Foncière, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Obligation Foncière (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Obligation Foncière that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Obligations Foncières is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Obligation Foncière is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against 
the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Obligation Foncière is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender 
if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière Materialised. Interest 
accrued on a Materialised Obligation Foncière that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall 
be payable on redemption of such Obligation Foncière against presentation of the relevant 
Materialised Obligation Foncière. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Obligation Foncière, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Business Days for Payment: Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, if any date for payment in 
respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day (the "Adjusted Payment Date"), nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Obligations Foncières, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Center" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case 
of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case 
of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Bank: For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Obligations Foncières or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts: If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues 
in respect of any Obligation Foncière or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Obligations Foncières and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 
Representation of holders of Obligations Foncières 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 10(ix) below with respect to Obligations Foncières issued with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the holders of Obligations Foncières 
will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the 
French Code de commerce as amended or supplemented by this Condition 10: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the holders of Obligations Foncières 
(the "Collective Decisions").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual holders of Obligations Foncières, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Obligations Foncières, without 
prejudice to the rights that holders of Obligations Foncières may exercise individually in accordance with, 
and subject to, the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Obligations Foncières 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche 
of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may 
be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the holders of Obligations 
Foncières, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the holders of Obligations Foncières or initiated by them, must be brought by 
or against the Representative; except that, should judicial reorganisation or liquidation (redressement ou 
liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be commenced against the Issuer the specific controller shall file the 
proof of debt of all the creditors of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège (including the holders of 
Obligations Foncières). 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by consent 
following a written consultation (the "Written Decision").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each holder of an 
Obligation Foncière to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such 
holder of an Obligation Foncière as of 00:00 (Paris time) on the second business day in Paris preceding the 
date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(viii).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Obligations Foncières of such Series. 
(A) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more holders of Obligations Foncières, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount 
of Obligations Foncières outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand 
for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two months 
after such demand, the holders of Obligations Foncières may commission one of them to petition 
the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the holders of Obligations 
Foncières present or represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Obligations 
Foncières then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes of the holders of 
Obligations Foncières attending such General Meeting or represented thereat, in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10(viii) not less than fifteen calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on 
second convocation. 
Each holder of Obligations Foncières has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy or by correspondence.  
Each holder of an Obligation Foncière or representative thereof will have the right to consult or 
make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which 
will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
holders of Obligations Foncières at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting,during the fifteen calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five calendar day period preceding the 
holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(B) 
Written Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by a 
Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of the holders of Obligations Foncières 
holding not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Obligations Foncières outstanding, 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(iv)(A). Any 
Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such holder of Obligations Foncières. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code 
de commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic consent 
allowing the identification of the holders of Obligations Foncières.  
(C) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Articles L.228-65 I. 1° (unless the Issuer is no longer a société de crédit foncier 
as a result of the change), 3°, 4°, L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce and the 
related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Obligations Foncières, it

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
being however specified for the avoidance of doubt that the holders of Obligations Foncières benefit 
from the same protection rights as non-bondholder creditors (créanciers non obligataires). 
(v) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Obligations Foncières. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Obligations Foncières of the same Tranche, and the holders of Obligations Foncières of any 
other Tranche which have been assimilated with the Obligations Foncières of such first mentioned Tranche 
in accordance with Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in 
a single Masse.  
(vii) 
Sole holder of Obligations Foncières 
If and for so long as the Obligations Foncières of a given Series are held by a sole holder of Obligations 
Foncières, and unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such sole holder of 
Obligations Foncières shall exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce.  
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Obligations Foncières of such Series are held by a sole holder of Obligations Foncières, such holder of 
Obligations Foncières shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the holders of 
Obligations Foncières acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole holder of Obligations Foncières in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Obligations 
Foncières of such Series.  
(viii) Notices to holders of Obligations Foncières 
Any notice to be given to the holders of Obligations Foncières in accordance with this Condition 10 shall 
be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
(ix) 
Full Masse 
For Obligations Foncières issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), Condition 10 shall apply to the Obligations Foncières subject to the following modifications. 
(A) 
Condition 10(iv)(C) shall not apply to the Obligations Foncières; and 
(B) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 10(v) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the provisions of Article L.228-71 of the French Code de commerce. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 10, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Obligations 
Foncières subscribed or purchased by the Issuer pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations as referred to 
in Condition 6(f).

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
11 
Replacement of definitive Obligations Foncières, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Obligations Foncières, a Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière, Coupon 
or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and Regulated Market or stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to holders of Obligations Foncières, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, 
that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Obligation Foncière, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Obligations 
Foncières, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Obligations 
Foncières or Coupons create and issue further Obligations Foncières to be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with the Obligations Foncières provided such further Obligations Foncières and the 
further Obligations Foncières carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such 
further Obligations Foncières provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to 
"Obligations Foncières" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, with the prior approval (which 
shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, from time 
to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 
30 days' prior notice to the holders of Obligations Foncières in accordance with Condition 13, without the 
consent of the holders of Obligations Foncières or Coupons, consolidate the Obligations Foncières of one 
Series with the Obligations Foncières of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally 
issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Obligations Foncières 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Obligations 
Foncières. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Obligations Foncières in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) 
they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos) or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and so long as such 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Obligations Foncières are 
admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require or (d) so long as the 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
notices may also be published on the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Obligations Foncières in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if, at the option 
of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos) or (b) in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and so long as such 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s), on which such Obligations Foncières are 
admitted to trading is located, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require or (d) so long 
as the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices may also be published on the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long as the relevant 
Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, the notice shall also be published 
as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of Coupons shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Obligations 
Foncières in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Obligations Foncières are 
for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13 (a), 
(b) and (c) above; except that notices will be published (i) (a) so long as such Obligations Foncières are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF or (c) so long as such Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market(s) and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall also 
be published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market(s) on which such Obligations Foncières is/are admitted to trading are/is situated, or (d) so long as 
the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices may also be published on the website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 10 and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and 
R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be (a) given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Obligations Foncières are 
for the time being cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Obligations 
Foncières in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the holders of Obligations Foncières at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given notice on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing and (b) published on the website of the 
Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 13(a), (b), (c) 
and (d) shall not apply to such notices.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Obligations Foncières, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Obligations Foncières, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought before any competent court within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED 
IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate, without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate"), will initially be issued 
in connection with Materialised Obligations Foncières. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global 
Certificate with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Obligations Foncières equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Obligations Foncières the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Obligations 
Foncières that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Obligations Foncières will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor provision in substantially similar 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code")) (the "C Rules" or "TEFRA C") or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Obligations 
Foncières. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed Definitive Materialised 
Obligations Foncières. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières" means, in relation 
to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières will be 
security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
Forms of such Definitive Materialised Obligations Foncières shall be available at the specified offices of any of the 
Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar 
days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Obligations Foncières are issued prior 
to such calendar day pursuant to Condition 12(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be 
postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Legend concerning United States Persons 
In the case of Obligations Foncières issued in accordance with the United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor provision in substantially similar form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) (the "D Rules" or "TEFRA D"), any Materialised Obligations Foncières and any Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that United States Holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on such Obligations Foncières and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Obligations Foncières or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds in the case of 
Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières (as defined below), 
will be (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) applied by the Issuer either: 
• 
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or 
• 
in the case of green Obligations Foncières (the "Green Obligations Foncières"), to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework; or 
• 
in the case of social Obligations Foncières (the "Social Obligations Foncières"), to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible 
Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or  
• 
in the case of sustainability Obligations Foncières (the "Sustainability Obligations Foncières"), to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or 
• 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Obligations Foncières for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).  
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Sfil Group Social Note Framework are 
available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
In relation to Green Obligations Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the 
case may be, and in relation to the principles and guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association 
(the "ICMA"):  
• 
the Sfil Group Social Note Framework is based on the Social Bond Principles (the "SBP"), published by the ICMA;  
• 
Sfil has requested a second party opinion (the "Social Second Party Opinion") on the Sfil Group Social Note 
Framework assessing its alignment with the SBP. This Social Second Party Opinion is available on Sfil's website 
(https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/);  
• 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles, the SBP 
and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "SBG"), published by the ICMA; and 
• 
Sfil has requested a second party opinion (the "Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion") on the 
Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment with the Green Bond 
Principles, the SBP and the SBG. This Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion is available on Sfil's 
website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
An allocation reporting will be made available on Sfil's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or 
https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/) within one year from the date of the issue of the relevant Green Obligations 
Foncières, Social Obligations Foncières or Sustainability Obligations Foncières, as the case may be, and annually 
thereafter until the net proceeds have been fully allocated. 
An independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Obligations Foncières, the Social 
Obligations Foncières or the Sustainability Obligations Foncières. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Social 
Second Party Opinion and the Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL 
Legal structure and name of the Issuer 
The Issuer was created on 29 December 1998 for a period of 99 years. It was authorized to operate as a société de crédit 
foncier by the Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d'investissement (now a part of the French Resolution 
and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution) ("ACPR")) at its meeting on 23 July 
1999. The authorization became definitive on 1 October 1999. 
On 31 January 2013, the Issuer was renamed Caisse Française de Financement Local to replace Dexia Municipal Agency, 
upon the sale of its sole shareholder, Société de Financement Local (renamed Sfil in June 2015), to the French State, 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ("CDC") and La Banque Postale. Since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole shareholder 
is the CDC (holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and continues to be 
present on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest missions entrusted to Sfil. 
On 2 June 2023, the Issuer changed its registered office, which is now located at 112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, 
France (Telephone: +33 1 73 28 90 90).  
The Issuer is registered under number 421 318 064 with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Paris. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is a société anonyme à Directoire et Conseil de Surveillance, a joint-stock 
corporation with an Executive Board and a Supervisory Board, governed by the provisions of Articles L.210-1 et seq. of 
the Code de commerce. Its activity is regulated by Articles L.511-1 et seq. (credit institutions) and L.513-2 et seq. (sociétés 
de crédit foncier) of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Nature and activity of the Issuer  
Caisse Française de Financement Local (also known by its acronym Caffil) is a credit institution active in the refinancing 
of loans to public sector entities or those they guarantee through the issue of covered bonds, which are called obligations 
foncières. 
It is a specialised credit institution authorized to operate as a société de crédit foncier. As a credit institution, the Issuer is 
subject to all legal and regulatory provisions that apply to credit institutions. It conducts banking transactions in its 
ordinary course of business. As a société de crédit foncier, it engages in transactions that are specialised and have an 
exclusive purpose, as defined in Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
In the case of Caisse Française de Financement Local, this specialisation is exclusively limited to transactions with public 
sector entities or entities they guarantee as specified in its authorization granted by the ACPR and its own by-laws. 
• 
The authorization mentions that the Issuer "is approved as a société de crédit foncier, the activities of which 
exclusively concern the granting or acquisition of loans to public sector entities or those they guarantee, as well as 
the holding of securitization units or shares of similar entities when the assets in these securitizations are for at 
least 90% composed of assets of the same nature as the above-mentioned loans, in accordance with Article 94-II 
and III of law 99-532". 
• 
The purpose of the Issuer (Article 2 of the by-laws) specifies that the exclusive purpose of the Issuer is: 
– 
to grant or to acquire exposures on public sector entities as defined in Article L.513-4 and in Article L.513-
6 paragraph 2 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
– 
to hold securities, exposures or deposits under the conditions set by decree. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier, which were created by the law of June 1999, are now well-known in the world of bond issuers 
and investors. They issue covered bonds called obligations foncières and contract other covered debt negotiable or not in 
regulated markets. All these instruments are characterized by the legal privilege that primarily affects cash flows from the 
Issuer's assets to pay the interest and reimbursement of the obligations foncières. Sociétés de crédit foncier may also issue

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
or contract non-covered debt. Obligations foncières constitute a significant element in the international covered bond 
market. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local received authorization by the ACPR to use the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label for its issues of Obligations Foncières. 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is currently wholly-owned by Sfil. Since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole 
shareholder is the CDC (holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and 
continues to be present on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest missions 
entrusted to Sfil.  
Sfil's shareholding structure is thus still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is preserved 
and its economic base protected and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance with the 
applicable regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of support, completed 
by a letter of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned development bank.  
This commitment, made with the ACPR, underlines its involvement to ensure oversight and to influence strategic 
decisions, as well as its determination to ensure Caisse Française de Financement Local's and Sfil's ongoing financial 
transactions and to comply with regulatory requirements, if so required. 
In addition, on 5 November 2020, Sfil, the parent company of Caisse Française de Financement Local, signed an updated 
declaration of support of Caisse Française de Financement Local, ensuring that "Sfil, its reference shareholder CDC and 
the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse Française de Financement Local always be able 
to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic base is protected and its financial strength preserved, 
in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations". This declaration of support is reproduced on pages 138 and 
139 of this Base Prospectus. 
Shareholding

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Areas of business of Sfil and Caisse de Française de Financement Local 
Caisse Française de Financement Local and its parent company Sfil (formerly Société de Financement Local) are key 
elements in the financing of local governments and public hospitals in France introduced by the French State in 2013. 
This organization is based on a commercial activity developed by La Banque Postale with refinancing provided by Caisse 
Française de Financement Local. As part of its integration into the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations group, Caisse 
Française de Financement Local also refinances long-term loans to local authorities distributed by Caisse des Dépôts et 
Consignations, via the Banque des Territoires, since the end of 2022. 
In 2015, the French State entrusted Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local with the responsibility to refinance 
large export credits with the guarantee of the State. Public guarantees for foreign trade, which in particular cover export 
credit insurance operations and enhanced guarantees, are granted by the Minister in charge of the Economy, once approved 
by the Guarantees and Foreign Trade Credit Commission. Their management is entrusted to Bpifrance Assurance Export 
that deliver these guarantees, under the State's control, on its behalf and in its name.  
The objective is to enable large export credits as well as loans to French local governments and public hospitals to benefit 
from optimal financing conditions through a high rating and irreproachable risk management. 
Cash flow statement for the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
EUR millions
31/12/2021
12/31/2022
12/31/2023
NET INCOME BEFORE TAX
109
                      
112
                       
77
+/- Net depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible fixed assets 
-
                          
-
                          
-
                          
+/- Depreciation and write-downs
(29)
                           
(11)
                             
(9)
                             
+/- Expense / income from investing activities
105
                           
-
                          
-
                          
+/- Expense / income from financing activities
(109)
                         
-
                          
-
                          
+/- Other non-cash items
257
                          
(78)
                           
99
                            
Non-monetary items included in net income before tax and other adjustments
224
                     
(89)
                      
90
                       
+/- Cash from interbank operations
(289)
                        
(1 423)
                      
(1 203)
                      
+/- Cash from customer operations
(228)
                         
(192)
                          
1 177
                        
+/- Cash from financing assets and liabilities
955
                          
711
                            
(1 775)
                      
+/- Cash from not financing assets and liabilities
(517)
                          
(11)
                             
(11)
                             
-    Income tax paid
(38)
                           
(43)
                           
(29)
                           
Decrease / (increase) in cash from operating activities
(117)
                      
(958)
                    
(1 840)
                 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (A)
216
                      
(935)
                    
(1 673)
                  
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (B)
-
                      
-
                      
-
                      
+/- Cash from or for shareholders
(49)
                           
(85)
                           
(84)
                          
+/- Other cash from financing activities
1 831
                        
(965)
                         
991
                           
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (C)
1 782
                   
(1 050)
                 
907
                     
EFFECT OF CHANGES IN EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH (D)
-
                      
-
                      
-
                      
INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH EQUIVALENTS (A + B + C + D)
1 998
                   
(1 985)
                  
(766)
                    
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD
1 822
                   
3 820
                  
1 836
                   
Cash and balances with central banks (assets & liabilities)
1 798
                       
3 795
                       
1 808
                       
Interbank accounts (assets & liabilities) and loans / sight deposits
24
                            
25
                             
28
                            
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD
3 820
                  
1 836
                   
1 070
                   
Cash and balances with central banks (assets & liabilities)
3 795
                       
1 808
                       
1 053
                        
Interbank accounts (assets & liabilities) and loans / sight deposits
25
                             
28
                            
17
                             
CHANGE IN NET CASH
1 998
                   
(1 985)
                  
(766)
                    
The cashflow statement has been prepared on the basis of the audited financial statements for the financial years ended December 2021, December 2022 and December 2023.
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles applicable in France.
The cashflow statement has been prepared using the indirect method.
Investing activities are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included in cash equivalents.
Financing activities are  activities that result in changes in the size and composition of the contributed  equity and borrowings of the entity.
Operating activities are the principal revenue-producing activities of the entity and other activities that are  not investing or financing activities.
Cash flow statement

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Statutory auditors' report on the cash flow statement for the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023

--- Page 131 ---
131

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Legal 
As of 31 December 2023, there were five borrowers who had brought suit for non-material amounts. 
Tax 
The Accounting division of Sfil is responsible for tax declarations for Caffil and may contact the General Secretary of 
Sfil for tax advice. There is no change during 2023 concerning the file linked to the treatment of the taxation in Ireland 
of the income of the former Dexia Municipal Agency (Caffil's former name) branch in Dublin, which closed in 2013. 
Caffil and Dexia SA are still awaiting a decision from the French and Irish tax authorities. However, at the end of 2023, 
Caffil and Dexia SA signed a memorandum of understanding to set the amount of sums due between the entities while 
including provisions to take into account the finalization of discussions between the competent authorities. As a result of 
this agreement, a tax income of EUR 6 million, corresponding to the difference between the amount provisioned and the 
amount paid, is recognized as at 31 December 2023.  
Other litigation 
The Issuer is not or has not been involved in any other governmental litigation or proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
THE LEGAL REGIME APPLICABLE TO CAFFIL 
Please note that the paragraphs below relating to the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier are 
based on French laws and regulations in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and should be read in conjunction 
with, as the case may be, any relevant instruction from the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) or ministerial order published in respect of sociétés de crédit foncier. 
Legal Framework 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier results from 
the following provisions (as they may be amended from time to time):  
- 
Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
- 
Articles R.513-1-A to R.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
- 
Regulation (règlement) No. 99-10 of 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Banking and Financial Regulatory 
Committee (Comité de la Règlementation Bancaire et Financière or CRBF) (the "CRBF Regulation"); and 
- 
the various instructions relating to sociétés de crédit foncier issued by the French Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). 
In addition, to maintain its European covered bond "premium" label, Caisse Française de Financement Local has to 
comply with article 129 of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
(the "CRR II Regulation") as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Regulation"). 
The Privilège (Statutory Priority Right of Payment) 
Obligations foncières are specialised covered bond products that can only be issued by credit institutions licensed and 
regulated in France as sociétés de crédit foncier. Obligations foncières benefit from the legal Privilège under French law 
which provides a priority right of payment on certain eligible assets and cash flow of the société de crédit foncier, such 
as the Issuer, to the holders of obligations foncières and other privileged debt. Caisse Française de Financement Local's 
total assets must always exceed liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, in particular in accordance with Articles L.513-
12 and R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The legal Privilège is governed by Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier and has, in particular, the 
following characteristics: 
− 
the amounts resulting from loans, assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits (dépôts) referred to 
in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of French Code monétaire et financier, including any mortgage, charge, lien or other 
guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) used 
for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier (in each case, after any 
applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the société de crédit foncier with credit 
institutions, are allocated in priority for the payment of any sums due in relation to the obligations foncières and 
other liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in Article L.513-2 I 2° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier, including Caisse Française de Financement Local's derivative counterparties and payments to Sfil 
under the loan service agreements between them; 
− 
when a société de crédit foncier is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de 
liquidation judiciaire), or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as described in Article L.513-2 I 2° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or 
not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements. No other creditor of a société de crédit

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
foncier may exercise any right over the assets and rights of such société de crédit foncier, either in principal or 
interest, until creditors benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier have been fully paid off; and 
− 
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier against a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of 
obligations foncières or other debts benefiting from the Privilège. In addition, the same proceedings will not result 
by themselves in the alteration, set-off, suspension or termination of forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative 
transactions) benefiting from the Privilège entered into by a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local does not have any employees.  
In accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, Caisse Française de Financement Local 
must entrust the management or recovery of the loans, exposures, related receivables (créances assimilées), titles, deposits 
(dépôts), bonds or other resources referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, to a credit 
institution, to a financing company (société de financement) or to a loans manager (gestionnaire de crédits) referred to 
under Article L.54-11-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Payments arising under the loan service agreements 
with Sfil benefit from the Privilège to the same extent debt benefiting from the Privilège. 
Legislation relating to sociétés de crédit foncier 
Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that the sole purpose of a société de crédit foncier is: 
− 
to grant or acquire guaranteed loans, exposures to public sector entities, securities, deposits (dépôts) and exposures, 
each referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier; and 
− 
in order to finance such categories of loans, exposures, securities, assets and deposits, to issue obligations foncières 
benefiting from the Privilège and to issue other debt pursuant to the contract or the document made for the 
information of the public as provided for in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended or any equivalent document required for admission to any foreign 
regulated market, if such contract or document refers to the Privilège. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier may also fund the activities referred to above through the issue of bonds or other sources of 
financing which do not benefit from the Privilège. They may also issue promissory notes (billets à ordre).  
Sociétés de crédit foncier may carry out temporary transfers of securities; pledge a securities account and pledge or 
transfer all or part of the receivables held by them in accordance with the applicable provisions of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. The receivables or securities thus transferred or pledged are not included in the Cover Pool (as 
such term is defined in "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the Issuer – Risk of default in the Cover Pool") defined in 
Article L.513-11 (assiette du privilège) and are not taken into account for the calculation of the over-collateralisation 
ratio. 
According to Article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier, eligible exposures to public sector entities 
mentioned in Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier that may be included in the Cover Pool, are assets 
such as loans, certain debt securities or off-balance sheet exposures to the entities listed below or fully guaranteed by 
them. 
− 
Central governments, central banks, public institutions, local authorities or state-owned entities located in a 
Member State of the European Union (collectively, the "Eligible States");

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
− 
Central governments or central banks not located in an Eligible State, but who benefit from the highest level of 
credit quality5 established by a credit rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) in accordance with Article L.511-44 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier; 
− 
The international organisations mentioned in Article 118 of the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 (the "Capital Requirements Regulation"), multilateral 
development banks mentioned in Article 117 of the same Regulation, and other international organisations and 
multilateral development banks, each benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established by a credit 
rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) in accordance with Article L.511-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
− 
Public institutions and local authorities located in a state that is neither a Member State of the European Union nor 
party to the European Economic Area if financial exposure to such persons are subject, for the determination of 
capital adequacy, to the same requirements as those used for central governments, central banks or credit 
institutions, or fully guaranteed by such persons, and benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established 
by a credit rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution); and 
− 
Central administrations and central banks located in states that are not members of the European Union, public 
institutions and local authorities mentioned in the bullet point above, each benefiting from the second-highest level 
of credit quality6 established by a credit rating agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), provided that such exposures are limited to 20% of 
the total outstanding nominal amount of the obligations foncières and other sources of financing benefiting from 
the Privilège. 
Eligible assets of the public sector entities described above include, among other things: 
− 
debt securities issued, or fully guaranteed, by one or more of the public sector entities mentioned above; 
− 
monetary claims, including those resulting from a successive performance contract, against the public sector 
entities referred to above, or fully guaranteed by one or more of such public sector entities; and 
− 
debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts to which a public sector entity referred to above is 
party in the capacity of lessee or tenant, or debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts fully 
guaranteed by one or more of those public sector entities. Sociétés de crédit foncier that acquire debt resulting 
from a leasing contract may also acquire all or part of the debt that results from the sale of the leased property. 
According to Article L.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier, exposures secured by the remittal, sale or lien 
over receivables (be they trade receivables or not) granted by the société de crédit foncier with the benefit from Articles 
L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Code monétaire et financier are assimilated to 
exposures referred to in Article L.513-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, subject to these receivables complying 
with the conditions set out by article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
In order to hedge its interest and currency risks on loans, exposures referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, obligations foncières and other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège, 
or its global interest rate risk, sociétés de crédit foncier may use forward instruments as defined in Article L.211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. Any amounts payable pursuant to these financial instruments, after applicable set-
off, contracted to hedge its eligible assets or exposures to credit institutions, its liability items benefiting from the Privilège 
 
5  
highest level of credit quality (or Step 1): AAA to AA (low) low for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity, Aaa to Aa3 for Moody's France SAS or AAA to AA- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
6  
second-highest level of credit quality (or Step 2): A (high) to A (low) for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant 
rating activity, A1 to A3 for Moody's France SAS or A+ to A- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
and to manage or hedge the global risk on its assets, its liabilities and its off-balance sheet, benefit from the Privilège. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier shall ensure that the volume of such forward instruments used is consistent in case the hedged 
risk decreases and that they are terminated in case the hedged risk disappears. Moreover, according to Article R.513-6-1 
of the French Code monétaire et financier, the forward instruments used by sociétés de crédit foncier shall be an exposure 
on a credit institution benefiting at least from the second-highest level of credit quality established by a credit rating 
agency recognized by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution). 
According to Article L.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier may hold as part of the 
Cover Pool exposures to credit institutions, including securities, instruments and deposits which are sufficiently safe and 
liquid. Article R.513-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that these exposures to credit institutions shall 
be securities and deposits (dépôts) due from credit institutions, investment firms or portfolio management companies 
benefiting from the highest or the second highest level of credit quality established by an external rating agency recognized 
by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) or guaranteed 
by such credit institutions or investment firms.  
If any debt has a maturity of less than one hundred (100) days, the rating can be the third highest level of credit quality 
for purposes of consideration as exposures to credit institutions. In addition: 
− 
the amount of exposures on credit institutions benefiting from the highest level of credit quality is limited to 15% 
of the total outstanding nominal amount of the institution issuing the obligations foncières and other sources of 
financing benefiting from the Privilège; 
− 
the amount of exposures on credit institutions benefiting from the second highest level of credit quality is limited 
to 10% of the total outstanding nominal amount of the institution issuing the obligations foncières and other 
sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège; and 
− 
the amount of exposures on credit institutions benefiting from the third highest level of credit quality that are short-
term deposits (dépôts à court terme) or derivative instruments (instruments dérivés) is limited to 8% of the total 
outstanding nominal amount of the institution issuing the obligations foncières and other sources of financing 
benefiting from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier must 
ensure, at all times, the coverage of their treasury needs over a period covering the next one hundred and eighty (180) days, 
while taking into account forecast flows of the principal and interest on its assets and the amounts related to derivatives 
as mentioned in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Moreover, pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and 
R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, sociétés de crédit foncier must, at all times, maintain a ratio of at least 
one hundred and five per cent (105%) between its eligible assets (including claims for payment of sums due under forward 
financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) used for hedging entered into by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège 
under the conditions set forth in Article L.513-10 of the French Code monétaire et financier as well as any collateral 
received in relation to such forward financial instruments) and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège, as calculated pursuant to Articles 6 to 11 of the CRBF Regulation, and pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF 
Regulation, the average life of the eligible assets held by the société de crédit foncier, up to the minimum required to 
comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article R.513-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier, shall not exceed by 
more than eighteen (18) months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. Article L.513-26 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier provides that a société de crédit foncier may, by way of exception to the provisions 
of Articles 1349 of the French Code civil and L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Code de commerce, subscribe to its 
own obligations foncières for the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral for the credit operations of the Banque de 
France in accordance with the procedures and conditions laid out by it for its monetary and intraday credit policy, in

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
instances where the société de crédit foncier is unable to cover its cash-flow needs by other means available to it. The 
obligations foncières thus subscribed must satisfy the following conditions:  
− 
they may represent a maximum of 10% of the total outstanding debt benefiting from the Privilège at the acquisition 
date; 
− 
they are deprived of their voting rights in general meetings of bondholders, for so long as they are held by the 
société de crédit foncier;  
− 
they must be posted as collateral to the Banque de France; in the absence of this allocation, they must be cancelled 
within eight (8) days; and 
− 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
The contrôleur spécifique must certify that the above-mentioned conditions are fulfilled and submit a report on this matter 
to the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). 
In addition: 
− 
according to Article L.513-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the provisions on bankruptcy which 
permit certain transactions entered into in the months preceding the bankruptcy to be declared void, do not apply 
to sociétés de crédit foncier; 
− 
according to Article L.513-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the bankruptcy proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde, de redressement, de liquidation judiciaires or procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) of a shareholder 
of a société de crédit foncier cannot be extended to the société de crédit foncier itself; 
− 
according to Article L.513-21 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of the opening of any safeguard 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and 
liabilities of the société de crédit foncier, the recovery, management and servicing contract pursuant to which the 
société de crédit foncier has delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its assets may be 
immediately terminated by the société de crédit foncier notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary; 
− 
according to Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, a société de crédit foncier is not legally 
allowed to have a subsidiary or hold an equity interest in another company; and 
− 
according to Article L.513-24 of the French Code monétaire et financier, in case of bankruptcy proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement, de liquidation judiciaires or procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) of a 
société de crédit foncier, the contrôleur spécifique will be responsible for filing claims on behalf of creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège.  
Sociétés de crédit foncier submit their coverage ratio to the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year. Pursuant to 
Article 13 of the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de crédit foncier must send to the French Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) information relating to the quality of their assets. In particular, the 
characteristics and geographical distribution of loans or exposures and guarantees, the method of valorisation, the total of 
any unpaid amounts, the distribution of debts by amount and by category of debtors, a list of international identification 
numbers of the securities for all the issuances of obligations foncières, the proportion of early repayments, the market 
risk, the maturity structure of the financed assets and obligations foncières respectively, the consequences of a bankruptcy 
or resolution (insolvabilité ou résolution) of the credit institution issuing the obligations foncières on a maturity extension 
(prorogation d'une échéance), the role of the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) and, as the case may be, of the special administrator (administrateur spécial) relating to a

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
maturity extension (prorogation d'une échéance) and the cover levels requested and available, as well as the legal, 
contractual and voluntary over-collateralisation levels are required to be included as part of a published report. 
Please note that, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is subject to the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive (see section entitled "Risk factors" above). 
Labelling 
With respect to obligations foncières issued as from 8 July 2022, pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, a société de crédit foncier may use:  
(i) 
the label "European Covered Bond" for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources benefiting from 
the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to R.513-18 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier; and 
(ii) 
the label "European Covered Bond (Premium)" for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to R.513-
18 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the provisions of Article 129 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation. 
A société de crédit foncier may apply to one of the above-mentioned labels and then, provided it is eligible, decide whether 
or not to comply with. 
The French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) is responsible 
for the granting and supervision of both "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. In 
particular, the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
publishes the lists of obligations foncières that are entitled to use the labels "European Covered Bond" and "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)".  
With regard to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, the Specific Controller verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation are complied with. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local received authorisation by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority 
(Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution) to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for its issues of 
Obligations Foncières.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's exclusive purpose is (as per Article 2 of the by-laws): 
− 
to grant or acquire exposures on public sector entities as defined in Articles L.513-4 and in Article L.513-6 
paragraph 2 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
− 
to hold securities, exposures or deposits under the conditions set by decree; 
− 
in order to finance the above-mentioned exposures, to issue obligations foncières, benefiting from the privilège 
defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier and to raise other resources, benefing from 
the same privilège. 
Caisse Française de Financement Local may also fund the above-mentioned activities by issuing bonds or other sources 
or financing that do not benefit from the privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Pursuant to Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Code monétaire et financier, Caisse Française de Financement 
Local may assign any receivables it owns, be such receivables professional or not. 
The following paragraph summarises the Caisse Française de Financement Local's main general framework of activities: 
General market considerations  
Regarding the local public sector market: French local government debt reached a total amount of EUR 206,1 billion at 
the end of 2022. 
Regarding the export credit market: The global export credit market covered by ECAs (export credit agencies) 
experienced very strong growth in both volume and number of transactions in 2023 (respectively +67% and +36% 
compared to 2022). This growth was mainly due to the transport sector, the leading sector worldwide with 18% of volume 
and 23% of transactions (compared to 15% in volume and 19% in number of transactions in 2022). 
Caisse Française de Financement Local as issuer of obligations foncières operates within the covered bond market. This 
market segment has shown dynamic activity over the past years and benefits from a favorable regulatory environment for 
covered bonds. 
Assets 
The assets held by Caisse Française de Financement Local are solely comprised of commitments on public sector entities 
that are eligible by the terms of Article L.513-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. These commitments are 
comprised of loans and bond issues representing a commitment on, or totally guaranteed by, these public bodies. 
Other assets, which current legislation calls exposures to credit institutions, may be acquired if they correspond to 
exposures on credit institutions benefiting from at least a Step 17 rating (level triple A or double A) or from a Step 28 
rating (level simple A) or, when their maturity does not exceed 100 days, from a Step 39 rating (level BBB), their total 
amount is limited to 15% of the total of outstanding obligations foncières and other debt benefiting from the legal privilège 
(registered covered bonds in the case of Caisse Française de Financement Local). This asset category is used for cash 
investments by the Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
Some assets on Caisse Française de Financement Local's balance sheet were generated by the Dexia Group's commercial 
activities. The new assets of Caisse Française de Financement Local primarily involve the following: 
 
7    highest level of credit quality (or Step 1): AAA to AA (low) low for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity, Aaa to Aa3 for Moody's France SAS or AAA to AA- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
8    second-highest level of credit quality (or Step 2): A (high) to A (low) for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating 
activity, A1 to A3 for Moody's France SAS or A+ to A- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
9     third-highest level of credit quality (or Step 3): BBB (high) to BBB (low) for DBRS Ratings GmbH or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant 
rating activity, Baa1 to Baa3 for Moody's France SAS and BBB+ to BBB- for S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
• 
since 2013, the activity of granting loans to French local governments and public hospitals through La Banque 
Postale; 
• 
since end of 2022, the activity of granting loans to French local governments and public hospitals through Caisse 
des Dépôts et Consignations (via Banque des Territoires); 
• 
since 2013, new loans originated by Caisse Française de Financement Local in order to facilitate the decrease of 
its outstanding sensitive structured loans; 
• 
since 2016, the activity of granting loans to refinance large export credits guaranteed by the French State. 
Liabilities 
The contracts of Caisse Française de Financement Local that benefit from the legal privilège are the obligations foncières 
and registered covered bonds that it issues, the hedging derivative contracts and the servicing agreement signed with Sfil. 
In addition to its equity, Caisse Française de Financement Local uses two categories of debt to finance its assets: 
• 
debt that benefits from the legal privilège, defined by law as obligations foncières or other resources benefiting 
from the legal privilège by reason of their contract. Caisse Française de Financement Local thus issues registered 
covered bonds benefiting from the legal privilège by reason of their contract in the same way as obligations 
foncières; intended for German institutional investors, these private placements governed by German law also 
benefit from the French legal privilège attached to issues of sociétés de crédit foncier; 
• 
debt that does not benefit from the legal privilège includes debt that is not covered by the assets and which, for 
this reason, is subordinated vis-à-vis debt benefiting from the privilège. With equity, it finances over-
collateralisation. It may be of two types: 
− 
debt negotiated according to the terms of a financing agreement signed with the parent company; 
− 
refinancing in its own name from the Banque de France. Caisse Française de Financement Local received 
the authorization and implemented the organizational and IT procedures required to participate in the 
refinancing operations of the Banque de France, and tests them regularly. The financing obtained does not 
benefit from the privilège specified by the legislation on sociétés de crédit foncier, but is guaranteed by 
assets (loans or bonds) assigned to the central bank. These pledged assets are temporarily excluded from 
the cover pool and the calculation of the over-collateralisation ratio. 
In addition, on 5 November 2020, Sfil, the parent company of Caisse Française de Financement Local, signed an updated 
declaration of support of Caisse Française de Financement Local, ensuring that "Sfil, its reference shareholder CDC and 
the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse Française de Financement Local always be able 
to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic base is protected and its financial strength preserved, 
in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations". This declaration of support is reproduced in this Base 
Prospectus on pages 138 and 139. 
Over-collateralisation ratio 
The over-collateralisation ratio, which is calculated on the basis of regulatory standards governing sociétés de crédit 
foncier, is the ratio between the assets of the cover pool (except for assets in default) and the debt benefiting from the 
legal privilège. The legal minimum threshold is set at 105% and corresponds to the minimum level that Caisse Française 
de Financement Local had committed to maintain since its creation. 
In practice, the over-collateralisation ratio is regularly higher than 105%. To maintain a sufficient credit rating, a level of 
over-collateralisation of more than 5% may be required by the rating agencies. This requirement depends on the 
methodology used by each rating agency and on the new assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheet of Caisse

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Française de Financement Local. It is also variable over time. Caisse Française de Financement Local takes these specific 
requirements into account in the management of its activity in order to make sure they are constantly met. 
The rules for calculating the regulatory coverage ratio were modified as of 8 July 2022, when the Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issuance of covered bonds and 
the public supervision of covered bonds entered into force. Two changes have a slightly negative impact: defaulted 
receivables are now excluded from the assets of the cover pool and a virtual liability is added to the privileged debt 
(corresponding to the maintenance and management costs that would be incurred to terminate the issue program). The 
values of the ratio calculated as of this date comply with the new rules. Approximately half of the decrease in the ratio 
observed in 2022 corresponds to the effects of this regulatory change. 
  
Any assets that Caisse Française de Financement Local may have assigned in guarantee to borrow funds from the Banque 
de France or any other banking institution would be excluded from the calculation of over-collateralisation.  
Over-collateralisation may also be illustrated by the gap between the amortization curves of the cover pool and liabilities 
benefiting from the legal privilège. The following graph presents the curves as of 31 December 2023:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Hedging interest rate risk 
1. 
Definition 
Interest rate structural risk is defined as the risk of loss incurred in the event of a change in interest rates that would lead 
to a loss in value of balance sheet and off‑balance sheet transactions, excluding any trading portfolio transactions. As 
Caffil does not hold a trading book, it is not affected by this last exception. 
Among the various interest rate risks, the Group is exposed to three types of risk, namely fixed interest rate risk, floating 
rate risk (base and fixing) and option risk related to the existence of floors on commercial loans:  
 
2.  
Hedging strategy 
Caffil has defined a fixed‑rate risk appetite, which is broken down into a system of limits governing the sensitivity of the 
net present value. In order to manage this sensitivity within the limits set, Caffil has implemented the following hedging 
strategy: 
• 
micro‑hedging of interest rate risk on balance sheet items denominated in a currency other than the euro or indexed 
to a complex interest rate structure. Certain euro‑denominated vanilla transactions may also be micro‑hedged if 
their notional value or duration could lead to a sensitivity limit being exceeded. Micro‑hedging is carried out 
exclusively by swaps;  
• 
macro‑hedging of interest rate risk for all transactions that are not micro‑hedged. The transactions concerned are 
mainly (i) loans to the local public sector and (ii) issues of obligations foncières denominated in euros. This 
macro‑hedging is obtained as much as possible by matching fixed‑rate assets and liabilities via the unwinding of 
swaps and, for the rest, by setting up new swaps against €STER (previously against EURIBOR). 
This fixed‑rate risk management is supplemented by monitoring of the fixings of operations at adjustable rates in order 
to ensure that they do not lead to the short‑term sensitivity limit being exceeded. Where appropriate, swaps against €STER 
may be entered into to hedge the fixing risk. 
These hedges can be entered into either directly on the market, or through Sfil, which in turn hedges its resulting position 
in the market. 
Non‑privileged debt is not hedged. The debts contracted by Caffil with its shareholder to finance the over‑collateralisation 
are borrowed either directly with a €STER index and do not need to be swapped, or with a EURIBOR index and then 
finance assets also indexed to EURIBOR. Where applicable, short‑term and fixed‑rate debts to the Banque de France are 
not hedged, but also finance fixed‑rate assets. 
These different kinds of interest rate risks are analyzed and managed through: 
• 
monitoring of fixed‑rate, index and fixing gaps, calculated using a static approach:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
Assets portfolios for which the strategy is to be entirely hedged are not sensitive to interest rates changes and thus are not 
integrated in the calculation of the global sensitivity of Caffil's balance sheet: 
• 
the monthly production of net present value sensitivity indicators; 
• 
the measurement of this risk is equal to the maximum loss in net present value observed compared to eight different 
interest rate scenarios. These eight scenarios correspond to the six scenarios used for calculating the regulatory 
"outlier" ratio, to which are added two additional internal scenarios based on historical variations in rates. Unlike 
regulatory ratios, equity is taken into account in the calculation of these indicators. 
The maximum loss observed at the end of the quarter among the eight scenarios used is presented below: 
 
Outlook for 2024 
In 2024, Caffil will continue to implement the strategic plan of its parent company, Sfil, with the following main priorities: 
• 
maintain leadership in its two general interest activities; 
• 
maintain a low risk profile and improve economic performance; and 
• 
continue to support its clients in their efforts to promote the transition. 
These priorities will take place in an uncertain geopolitical and economic environment that could adversely affect the 
evolution of interest rates and funding conditions for Caffil, which plans a program of issuances on the primary market 
for between EUR 4 and EUR 5.5 billion. 
Local public sector loan volumes acquired in 2024 should benefit from: 
• 
the significant increase in the production of loans originated by La Banque Postale in the last quarter of 2023 
compared to the last quarter of 2022; 
• 
an acceleration in loan volumes from the partnership between Sfil and Banque des Territoires; 
• 
more favorable financial conditions that should encourage borrowing; 
• 
an increase in local investments in the last phase of the electoral cycle with a corresponding increase in financing 
requirements; and 
• 
increased investment in hospitals to achieve the objectives of Ségur de la Santé. 
The outlook for export-credit refinancing is also very positive. Indeed, the number of consultations and cases under review 
was an all-time high and the amount of active cases at various stages of negotiation at 31 December 2023 amounted to 
EUR 62.4 billion. The Sfil-Caffil refinancing scheme should therefore be in great demand for future transactions, in 
particular for new repayment terms beyond 14 years in accordance with the latest OECD arrangement adopted in July 
2023.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
In addition, discussions are underway with the European authorities in order to expand the typology of public assets that 
could be financed in line with the Sfil Group's current mandates.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer  
Caisse Française de Financement Local and its parent company Sfil are key elements in the financing of local governments 
and public hospitals in France. The organization, introduced by the French State in 2013, is based on a commercial activity 
developed by La Banque Postale with refinancing provided by Caisse Française de Financement Local. As part of its 
integration into the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations ("CDC") group, Caisse Française de Financement Local also 
refinances long-term loans to local authorities distributed by CDC, via the Banque des Territoires, since the end of 2022. 
Since 2015, the French State has entrusted Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local with a second mission that is 
the responsibility to refinance large export credits with the guarantee of the State. The objective is to enable large export 
credits, as well as French local governments and public hospitals to benefit from optimal financing conditions through a 
high rating and irreproachable risk management. 
Sfil is also the institution managing Caisse Française de Financement Local, in accordance with article L.513-15 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.  
Caisse Française de Financement Local is currently wholly-owned by Sfil. Since 30 September 2020, Sfil's sole 
shareholder is the CDC (holding 99.99% of Sfil's share capital). The French State retained one ordinary share and 
continues to be present on Sfil's Board of Directors through a non-voting member, given the public interest missions 
entrusted to Sfil. 
This operation enables the public financial institutions to continue to serve the French territory, by grouping them within 
a large public financial group, formed around CDC and La Poste. 
Sfil's shareholding structure is still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is preserved and 
its economic base protected, and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance with the applicable 
regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of support, completed by a letter 
of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned development bank.  
This commitment, made with the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution), underlines its involvement to ensure oversight and to influence strategic decisions, as well as its 
determination to ensure Caisse Française de Financement Local's and Sfil's ongoing financial transactions and to comply 
with regulatory requirements, if so required. 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer since 30 September 2020

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
Servicing and financing provided by Sfil 
The role of Sfil primarily involves the following: 
• 
the complete operational management of the Issuer as defined by the regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit 
foncier, in particular Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
• 
provision of Caisse Française de Financement Local with the non-privileged funding and derivatives it needs to 
carry out its activities. Sfil obtains these resources from the markets by issuing long-dated (bonds) debt and, to a 
lesser degree, short-dated (certificates of deposit) debt. It has gradually established its signature in the French 
agency segment by launching benchmark EMTN issues in Euros and dollars. Sfil can also finance these needs 
under loan agreements signed with its shareholder, CDC, and its partner, La Banque Postale. The refinancing 
initially provided via these agreements has gradually been completely replaced since 2016 by the financing 
obtained by Sfil on the financial markets. Nevertheless, shareholder refinancing is still available particularly in the 
case of liquidity requirements generated under a situation of stress. The financing agreement signed between CDC 
and Sfil (initially signed in February 2013) was also revised in December 2020 to adapt it to the new shareholder 
environment and Sfil's current financial position. 
In addition, on 5 November 2020, Sfil signed an updated declaration of support of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local, which is reproduced as follows:  
"Since 31 January 2013, Sfil is the reference shareholder of Caisse Française de Financement Local, a société de crédit 
foncier, governed by Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the Monetary and Financial Code and holds 99.99% of its capital. 
Sfil will continue to stand as reference shareholder and hold more than 99% of the capital of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local on a long-term basis. 
Sfil, its reference shareholder CDC and the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse Française 
de Financement Local always be able to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic base is protected 
and its financial strength preserved, in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations. 
Original text in French:  
Depuis le 31 janvier 2013, Sfil est l'actionnaire de référence de la Caisse Française de Financement Local, société de 
crédit foncier soumise aux dispositions des articles L.513-2 et suivants du Code monétaire et financier et détient 99,99% 
de son capital.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Sfil continuera de jouer le rôle d'actionnaire de référence de la Caisse Française de Financement Local et détiendra 
durablement plus de 99% du capital. 
Sfil, son actionnaire de référence la CDC et l'Etat français feront en sorte, sous réserve des règles de l'Union Européenne 
relatives aux aides d'Etat, de protéger la base économique de la Caisse Française de Financement Local et de préserver 
sa viabilité financière tout au long de son existence conformément aux obligations imposées par la règlementation 
bancaire en vigueur. 
 
Philippe MILLS 
Directeur Général 
Sfil 
It should be noted that Sfil also supplies services for the business of lending to French public sector entities engaged by 
La Banque Postale. These services concern activities involving commercial support, financial oversight, the supply of 
data for risk analysis and back office operations. 
Local public sector lending 
The Sfil Group, fully integrated into the Caisse des Dépôts Group, is at the heart of a system whose objective is to provide 
French local authorities and public hospitals with sustainable and efficient access to long-term bank financing. In this 
context, Caffil finances investments of local authorities and public hospitals through two partnerships with La Banque 
Postale and Caisse des Dépôts signed in 2013 and 2022 respectively and subject to assignment agreements. These schemes 
share the following characteristics: 
• 
the partners originate loans and then sell them to Caffil; 
• 
the loan offer is intended for all local authorities throughout France, from the smallest municipalities to the largest 
inter-municipal, departmental or regional structures, as well as to public hospitals;  
• 
these amortizing loans, for a minimum amount of EUR 40,000, are exclusively denominated in euros and bear a 
fixed interest rate or a single-indexed (EURIBOR + margin) or double-phased (fixed rate then variable rate) 
interest rate;  
• 
Caffil acquires loans by using a transfer form (bordereau de cession) that is provided by law and specific to sociétés 
de crédit foncier; and 
• 
Caffil finances acquired loans by issuing obligations foncières (covered bonds). When these are thematic loans 
(i.e. green or social loans to local authorities or loans to public hospitals), they are financed by green, social or 
sustainable bonds. 
These partnerships enable Caffil to maintain control of its credit risk: 
• 
before origination, the two entities involved carry out an initial analysis of the counterparty. Loans that do not meet 
the credit and eligibility criteria set by Caffil cannot be transferred to its balance sheet. Eligibility criteria are 
strictly governed by internal management policies; and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
• 
in the case of the partnership with La Banque Postale, before each acquisition, a new analysis is carried out. Caffil 
may then refuse any loan that no longer meets its criteria, before the transfer. 
 
More specifically, loans originated by La Banque Postale: 
• 
have maturities between 10 and 30 years; since mid-2019, also consist of green loans whose purpose is to finance 
investments by local authorities that contribute to the environmental transition and sustainability in the fields of 
renewable energies, sustainable water management and sanitation, waste management and recovery, soft mobility 
and clean transport, and energy efficiency in construction and urban planning; and 
• 
since the end of 2022, La Banque Postale has offered a range of social loans intended to finance the social 
investments of local authorities in the fields of health, education, sport, culture, development and regional cohesion 
The loans originated by Banque des Territoires: 
• 
cover long periods of between 25 and 40 years;  
are mainly intended for the financing of sustainable investments, on green themes identical to those developed with La 
Banque Postale or the financing of public hospitals. 
Refinancing of large export credits 
The French State entrusted Sfil and Caffil with a second mission: refinancing of large export contracts in 2015. Its 
objective is to improve the competitiveness of financing associated with French exports, according to a public refinancing 
scheme that also exists in several OECD countries, and this by leveraging on the excellent financing capacities of the Sfil 
Group on the international financial markets. 
This refinancing scheme is open to all partner banks of French exporters for their loans insured by Bpifrance Assurance 
Export in the name and on behalf of the French Republic. In this context, Sfil organizes its relations through bilateral 
agreements with almost all the banks that are active in the French export credit market. Sfil may acquire a portion of the 
interest of each of these banks in an export credit (maximum 95% of this interest depending on the size of the transactions

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
and the number of lenders involved in the transaction). Each of these acquisitions is refinanced by Caffil through the 
granting of refinancing loans to Sfil, as detailed below (see "Refinancing scheme"). 
Refinancing scheme: 
The mechanism operates as follows: 
• 
Sfil contributes to the financial proposal prepared by one or more banks of the banking syndicate granting buyer 
credit covered by export credit insurance granted by the French Republic;  
• 
once the export contract is signed, partner banks sell a part of the loans (and the attached rights) to Sfil and keep 
at least the share of the export credit not covered by the insurance (usually 5%);  
• 
Caffil grants a refinancing loan to Sfil. This loan enables Sfil to match the export credit acquired to the refinancing 
credit granted by Caffil. This refinancing loan can benefit from an unconditional first demand guarantee issued by 
the French Republic, called an enhanced guarantee10; and 
• 
Caffil finances these loans by issuing obligations foncières (covered bonds). When these export credit contracts 
are eligible, they are refinanced by green, social or sustainable bonds. 
As a part of a simplification process, the Sfil Group will change Caffil's terms of intervention by the end of 2024: in line 
with the practices of other sociétés de crédit foncier Caffil will no longer use the enhanced guarantee mechanism for 
newly concluded transactions. The change will not call into question the principle of exposures to public entities or those 
guaranteed by them in line with the regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier. 
 
 
Public export guarantees: 
Bpifrance Assurance Export manages these guarantees, in the name, on behalf of, and under the control of the French 
Republic, pursuant to article L.432-2 of the French Code des assurances. They are, therefore, granted directly by the 
French Republic to encourage, support and secure French exports financed in the medium and long term as well as French 
investments abroad: 
• 
the Minister of the Economy and Finance takes the decision to grant the guarantee after examination by Bpifrance 
Assurance Export and the opinion from the Commission for Guarantees and Foreign Trade Credit. Bpifrance 
 
10 The enhanced guarantee was introduced by law 2012-1510 of 29 December 2012 and Decree No. 2013-693 of 30 July 2013. It was then amended by 
Decree No. 2018-1162 of 17 December 2018 relating to the granting of the French State's guarantee for transactions that are likely to contribute to the 
development of France's foreign trade or are of strategic interest for its overseas economy

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
Assurance Export manages French Republic guarantees in strict compliance with the international rules of the 
WTO, the European Union and the OECD;  
• 
Bpifrance Assurance Export issues insurance policies, pure and unconditional guarantees as well as enhanced 
guarantees, in accordance with the decision made. In this context, it is also tasked with collecting insurance and 
guarantee premiums, risk management, payments, and recoveries on behalf of the French Republic; and 
• 
the French Republic bears the risks associated with these guarantees. All financial flows (premiums, payments, 
repayments) are recorded in separate accounting entries by Bpifrance Assurance Export. Premiums and recoveries 
are received directly on the account of the French State, and payments are made directly from the same account, 
without passing through the accounts of Bpifrance Assurance Export.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Caisse Française de Financement Local is administered by an Executive Board (Directoire) consisting of five members, 
and a Supervisory Board (Conseil de Surveillance) consisting of 6 members including the Chairman of the Board and the 
Vice Chairman of the Board. Statutory auditors as well as the contrôleur spécifique may also attend board meetings 
(depending on the nature of the items on the agenda). 
Members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local were composed as follows: 
Representative 
Function at the Issuer 
Date of 
Appointment 
Term 
Herdile Guerin 
Chairwoman of the Executive Board 
1 November 2023  
2025 
Olivier Eudes 
CEO, member of the Executive 
Board 
1 November 2023 
2025 
Emilie Boissier 
Member of the Executive Board 
8 September 2022 
2025 
Lan-Anh Pham 
Member of the Executive Board 
31 January 2021 
2025 
Celine Gouy 
Member of the Executive Board 
1 November 2023  
2025 
Philippe Mills 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
31 January 2013 
2025 
François Laugier 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
31 January 2013 
2025 
Nathalie Argourd 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
30 May 2017 
2025 
Anne Crépin 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
30 May 2017 
2025 
Florent Lecinq 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
25 February 2013 
2025 
Cecile Degove 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
15 February 2024 
2027 
Members of the Executive Board and their membership in other boards  
• 
Herdile Guérin, member of the Board, Association française des sociétés financières (since April 2024) 
• 
Olivier Eudes, Manager, SCI Phoenix 
• 
Emilie Boissier 
• 
Lan-Anh Pham, Co-manager, SARL Mai Kim 
• 
Céline Gouy 
Members of the Supervisory Board and their membership in other boards 
• 
Philippe Mills 
Director and Chairman of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
European Association of Public Banks (EAPB), director 
Fondation du Collège de France, permanent representative of Sfil, member of the Board of Directors (since 
November 2023) 
• 
François Laugier 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
• 
Nathalie Argourd 
• 
Anne Crépin 
Sfil, member of the Executive Committee (since December 11, 2023) 
Member of the National Committee of Foreign Trade Advisors of France - Vice-Chairwoman of the Business 
Support Commission 
• 
Florent Lecinq 
Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
• 
Cécile Degove (since February 15, 2024) 
• 
Member of the Executive Committee, Sfil 
Set forth above are the names, the titles and significant directorships (if any) of the current members of the Executive 
Board and Supervisory Board of Caisse Française de Financement Local. Their business addresses are c/o Caisse 
Française de Financement Local, 112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France. 
The individuals listed above have no potential conflicts of interest between their duties to Caisse Française de 
Financement Local and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Amount of the capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, share capital stands at EUR 1,350,000,000 represented by 13,500,000 nominative 
shares. 
There are no other securities that grant rights to shares in the capital of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
Capital in the last five years 
 
The share capital of Caisse Française de Financement Local is 99.99% owned by Sfil and 0.01% by a single individual, 
member of the Supervisory Board (prêt de consommation d'actions granted by Sfil). The amount of capital has not 
changed over the last five years.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
Management Agreement 
The Issuer does not have any employees.  
In accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer is not permitted to ensure by 
itself the management or recovery of the loans, exposures, related receivables (créances assimilées), titles, deposits 
(dépôts), bonds or other resources referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. It has therefore 
contractually entrusted its parent company Sfil with its operational management under a management agreement, 
"Convention de gestion", dated 31 January 2013 between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local as amended 
and/or replaced from time to time and as further described below. Caisse Française de Financement Local does, however, 
have its own Executive Board and Supervisory Board. See "Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies". 
Specific loan service agreement has also been signed with other entities that transfered assets to Caisse Française de 
Financement Local and continue to handle the servicing of these assets for their national clients, including in each case 
the management, negotiation and repayment of the relevant loans. The obligations of Caisse Française de Financement 
Local under these loan service agreements rank pari passu with obligations foncières benefiting from the privilège. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following loan service agreements were in force: 
• 
A management agreement, "Convention de gestion", dated 31 January 2013 between Sfil and Caisse Française de 
Financement Local as amended and/or replaced from time to time, pursuant to which Sfil agreed to manage on 
behalf of Caisse Française de Financement Local loans granted to public sector entities in the European Union or 
to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities and transferred to Caisse Française de Financement Local and 
the refinancing of export credits. Sfil, in accordance with the terms of this agreement (which also covers loan 
origination, servicing and recovery, administrative and accounting management, internal control and compliance, 
information technology services, human resources, compensation for services and current account services), 
monitors and controls risks relating to credit, counterparties, market, operations, exchange rates, interest rates, 
liquidity, and settlement at the level of Caisse Française de Financement Local.  
• 
A loan service agreement, "Contrat de gestion de prêts et de titres obligataires non cotés", dated 27 September 
2002 between Dexia Crediop and Caisse Française de Financement Local, pursuant to which Dexia Crediop agreed 
to manage non-listed Italian bonds and loans granted to Italian public entities or to entities guaranteed by these 
public entities on behalf of Caisse Française de Financement Local. Dexia Crediop agreed to manage the 
relationships with the borrowers, to negotiate and manage the legal documentation, to recover the receivables (for 
loans only) and to negotiate any grace period, waivers or acceleration of the loans. 
• 
A loan service agreement, "Contrat de gestion de prêts", dated 22 September 2003 between Belfius Banque et 
Assurance (Dexia Banque Belgique) and Caisse Française de Financement Local, pursuant to which Belfius agreed 
to manage loans granted by Belfius to Belgian public entities or entities guaranteed by these public entities and 
transferred to Caisse Française de Financement Local. Belfius agreed to manage relationships with the borrowers, 
to recover the receivables, to negotiate any grace period, waivers or acceleration of the loans and to notify any 
transfers of the loans to the borrowers. 
Registered covered bonds management agreement 
• 
A management agreement for registered covered bonds (RCB) dated 3 February 2015 between Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg (LBBW) and Caisse Française de Financement Local, pursuant to which LBBW is entrusted to 
manage registered covered bonds.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
Liquidity and Financing Arrangements 
Caisse Française de Financement Local's obligations under the following contracts, entered into between Caisse Française 
de Financement Local and Sfil, do not have the benefit of the privilège, and are therefore subordinate to liabilities having 
the benefit of the privilège: 
• 
A current account agreement, "Convention de compte courant", dated 31 January 2013 has been concluded 
between Caisse Française de Financement Local and Sfil as amended from time to time, which combines multiple 
current accounts into a single current account and allows Caisse Française de Financement Local and Sfil the 
ability to share a single current account. Caisse Française de Financement Local is able to use the funds available 
in the current account to a maximum amount of EUR 50 million, measured at the end of each day. 
• 
An intragroup revolving credit facility, "Crédit Long Terme", dated 31 January 2013 has been concluded between 
Caisse Française de Financement Local, as borrower, and Sfil, as lender, as amended from time to time, pursuant 
to which Sfil agreed to grant to Caisse Française de Financement Local loans to provide long term financing to 
cover long term liquidity needs, including the financing of the over-collateral. 
Hedging Arrangements 
• 
An FBF master agreement between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 31 January 2013, as 
amended from time to time and as supplemented by an AFB collateral annex, dated 31 January 2013, as amended 
from time to time were concluded. The OTC transactions under this master agreement include interest rate swaps 
and foreign exchange swaps. The OTC transactions under this master agreement are included in the Cover Pool 
and benefit from the Privilège. 
• 
An ISDA master agreement, as supplemented by an ISDA 2016 credit support annex for variation margin (VM), 
between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local dated 29 April 2022, as amended from time to time, was 
concluded. The OTC transactions under this master agreement include some interest rate swaps and foreign 
exchange swaps that are not included in the Cover Pool and that do not benefit from the Privilège. 
• 
ISDA and FBF master agreements were signed between Caisse Française de Financement Local and over thirty 
(30) banks. The OTC transactions under these master agreements are included in the Cover Pool and benefit from 
the Privilège. 
Loan Transfer Arrangements 
• 
A loan transfer agreement, "Convention de cession", dated 31 January 2013 between La Banque Postale, as 
transferor, and Caisse Française de Financement Local, as transferee, as amended from time to time, pursuant to 
which La Banque Postale agreed to transfer to Caisse Française de Financement Local loans granted to public 
sector entities in France or to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities. 
• 
A loan transfer agreement, "Convention de cession", dated 15 November 2022 between the CDC, as transferor, 
and Caisse Française de Financement Local, as transferee, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the 
CDC agreed to transfer to Caisse Française de Financement Local loans granted to public sector entities in France 
or to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities. 
Agreement between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local providing for the payment by Caisse 
Française de Financement Local of EUR 10 million per annum for 15 years to a government fund for local 
governments 
• 
An agreement signed on 14 November 2013, under which Caisse Française de Financement Local, whose balance 
sheet includes sensitive local government loans, pays €10 million per annum for 15 years to the local government 
support fund, on behalf of the Sfil group.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Tax consolidation arrangement with Sfil 
• 
An agreement between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local, dated 13 January 2014, which allows Sfil 
to be solely liable for income tax for Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local from fiscal year 2014 and 
which governs payment of the tax within the tax group and compensation for leaving the tax group linked to the loss 
of the right to carry deficits. 
Refinancing master agreements with Sfil (Convention-cadre de refinancement Sfil-Caffil / Crédit Export)  
• 
The Issuer and Sfil have entered into a refinancing master agreement on 29 June 2016, as amended from time to 
time. Such agreement sets out the general terms relating to any refinancing by Caisse Française de Financement 
Local of export loans acquired by Sfil from export banks in its export refinancing activity. The purpose of this 
master agreement is to govern any export loan refinancing between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement 
Local. 
• 
The Issuer and Sfil have entered into a refinancing master agreement on 22 February 2021. Such agreement sets 
out the general terms relating to any refinancing by Caisse Française de Financement Local of export loans 
acquired by Sfil from export banks and benefited from a so-called "pure and unconditional" guarantee (GPI).

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
2023 was marked by the international context with the continued war in Ukraine and the new conflict in the Middle East, 
which made the geopolitical uncertainties even more significant at the end of the year. 
Central banks continued their monetary tightening policy for much of 2023. This increase in interest rates was 
accompanied by a reduction in asset purchases. 
Inflation, although it remained at a high level, fell sharply during 2023. 
Advanced economies, and in particular in the euro zone, experienced a marked slowdown in activity given such 
conditions. 
In response to these changes, Caffil fully carried out its missions, in accordance with the strategic objectives of its parent 
company, Sfil, and building on the solidity and relevance of its public development bank model. Caffil thus refinanced 
more than EUR 8 billion of loans, characterized by a more marked balance between local public sector lending and 
refinancing of export credits. Caffil also carried out its funding program under satisfactory conditions in view of the 
market environment that prevailed in 2023. 
The Issuer's debt securities (Obligations Foncières and registered covered bonds) increased by an amount of EUR 200 
million between 1 January 2024 and 3 July 2024.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 8 July 2024 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the 
Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Obligations Foncières will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the 
Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Obligations Foncières directly on its own behalf to 
Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Obligations Foncières may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Obligations Foncières may also be 
sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Obligations Foncières to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two 
or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Obligations Foncières 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in 
respect of an issue of Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 distributed on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Obligations Foncières. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement 
that they make to subscribe Obligations Foncières in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Obligations 
Foncières being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms 
specify the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with 
a denomination of at least €100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Obligations Foncières which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
as applicable, not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Obligations Foncières to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Obligations Foncières. 
(ii) 
Non-Exempt Offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms 
specify "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Obligations Foncières which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a member state of the EEA 
(each, a "Member State") except that it may make an offer of Obligations Foncières to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Obligations Foncières specify that an offer of those Obligations 
Foncières may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member 
State (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such 
Obligations Foncières which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member 
State, provided that any such Base Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Base Prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of the Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Obligations Foncières referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" has the meaning given to it in subparagraph (i)(b) 
above. 
France  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that: 
(i) 
Non-Exempt Offer in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Obligations Foncières to the public in 
France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Obligations Foncières, except (a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Obligations 
Foncières and provided that the Final Terms have been duly published and specify that such Non-Exempt Offers 
may be made to the public in France, all as defined in, and in accordance with, the Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable French law and regulation; or 
(ii) 
Exempt offers in France

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Obligations Foncières to the public 
in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Obligations Foncières, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted 
from the obligation to publish a prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
United Kingdom ("UK") 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms 
specify the "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Obligations Foncières with a 
denomination of at least €100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Obligations Foncières which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
as applicable, not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Obligations Foncières to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Obligations Foncières.  
(ii) 
Public Offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Obligations Foncières with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms 
specify "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Obligations Foncières which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may 
make an offer of such Obligations Foncières to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Obligations Foncières referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Obligations Foncières to the public" in relation to 
any Obligation Foncière means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Obligations Foncières to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Obligations Foncières. 
(iii) 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Obligations Foncières having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Obligations Foncières other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Obligations Foncières would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Obligations Foncières in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Obligations Foncières in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
United States of America 
The Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. In addition, Materialised 
Obligations Foncières having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Obligations Foncières may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or, in the case of 
Materialised Obligations Foncières, offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America. 
The Obligations Foncières are being offered and sold outside the United States of America in reliance on Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer or sell or deliver Materialised Obligations Foncières within the United States 
of America or to U.S. persons.  
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any identifiable Tranche of 
such Obligations Foncières within the United States of America by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Obligations 
Foncières outside the United States of America. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Obligations Foncières, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States of America. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any person within the United States of 
America, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any 
person within the United States of America is prohibited.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Singapore  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Obligations Foncières specify "Singapore sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only" as "Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any 
Obligations Foncières or caused the Obligations Foncières to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Obligations Foncières or cause the Obligations Foncières to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Obligations Foncières, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Obligations Foncières specify "Singapore sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will be not registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Obligations Foncières or caused the Obligations Foncières to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Obligations Foncières or cause the Obligations Foncières to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Obligations Foncières, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, 
unless otherwise specified before an offer of Obligations Foncières, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are 'prescribed capital markets 
products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not, and is not intended and shall not be deemed or construed to constitute, an offer or invitation 
to subscribe for, invest or otherwise acquire Obligations Foncières within or from the territory of Switzerland. The 
Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and related legislation. The Obligations Foncières have not been 
and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, in particular 
(without limitation) not the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd ("SIX"). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Obligations Foncières constitutes a prospectus within the meaning of the FinSA or the 
Listing Rules of the SIX (or any other exchange or multilateral trading facility within the territory of Switzerland), and 
no such prospectus has been, or will be, prepared for or in connection with, or otherwise relating to, the offering of the 
Obligations Foncières. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Obligations Foncières has been or will be filed with, or approved by, any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this 
Base Prospectus (or any other offering or marketing material) will not be filed with, and the offer of the Obligations

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Foncières will not be supervised by, a review body licensed by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
Accordingly, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material may be publicly offered, 
distributed or otherwise made available publicly within the territory of Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Obligations Foncières have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Obligations Foncières in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which terms as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-
offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of the 
Obligations Foncières and no application has been or will be filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the Obligations 
Foncières in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). 
Accordingly, no Obligations Foncières may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the 
Republic of Italy nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Obligations Foncières be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by the Financial Services Act and CONSOB implementing regulations; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided under 
Article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its implementing 
regulations, including Article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, and has not 
distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the Republic of Italy the Obligations 
Foncières, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Obligations 
Foncières except in the circumstances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that any offer, sale or delivery of the Obligations Foncières or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Obligations Foncières in the Republic 
of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be performed in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in particular will be made:  
(i)  
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from 
time to time (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 as amended from time 
to time;

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
Obligations Foncières in the Republic of Italy); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which may 
be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Obligations Foncières in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and 
resale of the Obligations Foncières it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
No person resident or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely 
on this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Obligations Foncières. 
Norway 
Norway has implemented the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 
No. 75, as amended, and chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Regulations of 29 June 2007 No. 876, as amended. 
Consequently, the selling restriction set out in paragraph entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" above 
applies.  
Obligations Foncières denominated in Norwegian Kroner issued by non-Norwegian issuers must be registered in the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS) if the Obligations Foncières are offered for sale in Norway, except in 
case of reverse solicitation. 
Belgium 
The Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Obligations Foncières to Belgian Consumers, and has 
not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Obligations Foncières to Belgian Consumers.  
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), 
being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, 
business or profession. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a relevant 
law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail investors of any of the Obligations 
Foncières, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant securities laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Obligations Foncières or has in its possession 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Obligations Foncières may only be issued 
outside France.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET (OTHER THAN A REGULATED MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED 
MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) AND/OR OFFERED TO THE 
PUBLIC ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS IN THE EEA OR IN THE UK 
[The Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2024 expires on 8 July 2025. The updated Base Prospectus shall be available for 
viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr)]11 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Obligations 
Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Obligations 
Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the [Insurance Distribution 
Directive / Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance 
distribution, as amended], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]13 
 
11  
To be included in the case of an offer to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation which offer period expires after the expiry date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
12  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Obligations Foncières potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (b) the 
Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling restriction should be included and item 10(viii) of Part B should be specified as being 
"Applicable". 
13 
 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Obligations Foncières potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (b) the 
Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling restriction should be included and item 10(vii) of Part B should be specified as being 
"Applicable".

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Obligations Foncières is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market14] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]15 
16 [17UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]18. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
19[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER20 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Obligations Foncières are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
 
14  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
15  Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
16  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Obligations Foncières are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
17  Legends to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
18  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
19    Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
20  Include for Obligations Foncières that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
execution services]21 OR22 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]23. [Consider any negative 
target market24] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]25.]  
26 27[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Obligations Foncières has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER 28[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Obligations Foncières are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]29] OR 30[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]31. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
 
21  The relevant channels for distribution shall be identified and chosen by the relevant Manufacturer(s). 
22  Include for certain ESMA complex Obligations Foncières such as debt instruments incorporating a structure that making it difficult to understand as referred to in item 13 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 4 February 2016, as amended from time to time. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of 
suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
23  The relevant channels for distribution shall be identified and chosen by the relevant Manufacturer(s). 
24  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
25  
If the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
26  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Obligations Foncières are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
27   Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
28   Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
29   This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list 
used in the examples in ESMA Guidelines. 
30   Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, 
a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness. 
31   ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]3233.]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are 
[prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]34 
 
 
 
32  If the Obligations Foncières constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, 
a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
33   Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not currently passported in the UK or approved by the FCA, an approval of this document or a 
drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors. 
34 
For any Obligations Foncières to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Obligations Foncières pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the 
launch of the offer.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL  
(the "Issuer") 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300E6W08778I4OW85 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Rate [Title of Obligations Foncières] 
(the "Obligations Foncières") 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the existing issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche] Rate [Title of Obligations Foncières] (the "Existing Obligations Foncières")] 
 
under the 
€75,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Due from one month from the date of the original issue 
 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Obligations Foncières may only do so [(i) in those Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 2(i) of Part B below, provided such person is [an Authorised 
Offeror] in that paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and 
that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or (ii) otherwise] in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Obligations 
Foncières in any other circumstances.35 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended.] 
 
35 
 Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" legend is included (because the Obligations Foncières potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 July 2024 which received approval number 24-287 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 8 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval 
number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / Prospectus Regulation].  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 
8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Obligations Foncières is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base 
Prospectus [and these Final Terms]36 [is/are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www. amf-
france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr).  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus and/or an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), 
which 
are 
the 
[2006/2007/2008/2009/Additional 
2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/Additional 2020/2021/2022/2023] EMTN Conditions 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 8 July 2024 which received approval number 24-287 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 8 July 2024 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the 
base prospectus dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / Prospectus 
Regulation]. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" of the Base 
Prospectus 
which 
is 
replaced 
by 
the 
[2006/2007/2008/2009/Additional 
2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/Additional 2020/2021/2022/2023] EMTN Conditions). A 
summary of the issue of the Obligations Foncières is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms]37 [is/are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www. amf-france.org) and on the website 
of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
Caisse Française de Financement Local 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
36     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
37     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Obligations Foncières 
become fungible: 
 
The Obligations Foncières will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued by 
the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
Obligations Foncières") as from the Issue Date of 
this Tranche.] 
3 
Specified Currency38: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[●] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières)39 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify / Issue Date / Not applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] month [CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / 
SARON / SOFR / SONIA / TEC10 or any other 
reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CPI 
Linked 
Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10 
Redemption Basis:38 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Obligations Foncières will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date [at [100] per cent. 
of their nominal amount / pursuant to Condition 
6(c) (for Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières, as 
the case may be)]. 
 
38 
Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Obligations Foncières shall be made in Euro (according to Article 1343-3 
of the French Code civil).  
39 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières (including Obligations Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières)/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic 
Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify 
details 
for 
convertibility 
of 
the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières in 
accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5(d)] 
12 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for issuance of 
Obligations Foncières obtained: 
Decision of the Directoire of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local dated [●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date/advance on [●]]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●] (Insert particulars of any initial or final 
Broken Amount(s) of interest which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual 
- 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]  
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment 
Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the 
case of a long or short first or last Coupon. N.B.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
15 
Floating Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph). 
(In the event where the benchmark used to 
calculate the interest payable is discontinued, 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) provides for a methodology 
to determine the successor or alternative rate)  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ 
ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / SOFR 
/ SONIA / TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] / [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON]] / [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking Days (if 
SONIA)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] [, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention /Preceding 
Business Day Convention].] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●]TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound / SOFR Index Average]]

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
 
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Benchmark Events 
Technical Schedule published by the FBF in 
January 2020 are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provisions by reference banks of 
offered 
quotations 
for 
EURIBOR 
which,

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time) 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected - otherwise, delete) 
 
 
-- [Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
 
 
-- Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [●]] 
 
 
-- Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] 
(if no number is specified, the applicable number 
of days shall be five (5) days) / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option 
is an oversight rate) 
 
 
-- OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- 
Observation 
Period 
Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial centre(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity,

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not 
applicable] ] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum] / [Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)] / [[●] per cent. 
per annum]40 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable] / [[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual 
- 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]  
16 
Inflation Linked Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation 
Index Ratio  
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ Actual/Actual 
- 
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF]  
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment, 
to which item 24 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per cent. 
per annum41 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.] 
41 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption Amount 
of 
each 
Obligation Foncière: 
 
As per the Conditions  
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount to 
 
be redeemed: 
 
[●] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount to 
 
be redeemed: 
 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●]/ [As per the Conditions] 
18 
Final Redemption Amount of each Obligation 
Foncière: 
 
[[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/[As provided below for Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières, as the case may be] 
19 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
20 
Early Redemption Amount: 
  
 
Early Redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Obligation 
Foncière payable on redemption for taxation reasons, if 
applicable, or illegality: 
 
[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/ [As provided below for Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières, as the case may be] 
21 
Zero Coupon Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i)     Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(d)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)    Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – 
ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
22 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(d)(ii) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount and accrued interest (if any) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
23 
Form of Obligations Foncières: 
[Dematerialised 
Obligations 
Foncières/Materialised Obligations Foncières] 
(Materialised Obligations Foncières are only in 
bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[Bearer form (au porteur)/ Registered form (au 
nominatif)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details] (note that a Registration Agent must be

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
appointed in relation to Registered Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières only; except that the Issuer 
may be its own Registration Agent) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Obligations Foncières on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 days after the Issue Date subject 
to postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/TEFRA not applicable] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Obligations Foncières) 
24 
(i)  Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
 
[Not applicable/Paris/Give details]. (Note that this 
item relates to the date and place of payment, and 
not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which items 14(ii), 15(ii) and 17(iv) relate)  
 
(ii)  Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(h)): 
[The next following business day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
such event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding business day.] [The 
immediately preceding business day]/[As per 
Condition 7(h)]/[Other42] 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Obligations Foncières) 
26 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
27 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
12(b)] apply] 
28 
Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Obligations 
Foncières - Masse (Condition 10): 
Issue outside France: [Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration]/[The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]]. 
 
42  In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
[If the Obligations Foncières are held by a sole 
holder of Obligations Foncières, insert the 
wording below: 
 
As long as the Obligations Foncières are held by 
a sole holder of Obligations Foncières, and unless 
a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such holder of Obligations Foncières 
shall exercise all the powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the 
Obligations Foncières are held by several holders 
of Obligations Foncières.]  
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions] [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market[s] [of Euronext Paris] [and] [of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] of the Obligations Foncières described herein] pursuant to the €75,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from 
[●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, is able 
to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]43 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Duly represented by:  
 
 
 
43 To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(If any of the following paragraphs is not applicable, delete such paragraph) 
1 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)   Listing: 
 
 
(ii)  Admission to trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) Regulated Markets or equivalent markets on which, 
to the knowledge of the Issuer, securities of the same class 
of the Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
 
 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
[specify relevant regulated market] / none] 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Obligations Foncières to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
[specify relevant regulated market, third country 
market, SME growth market or multilateral trading 
facility]] with effect from [●].] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Obligations Foncières to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [Euronext Paris / 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify relevant 
regulated market, third country market, SME growth 
market or multilateral trading facility]] with effect 
from [●].]  
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.)  
[The Existing Obligations Foncières are already 
admitted to trading on the regulated markets of 
[Euronext Paris] and [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [specify relevant regulated market].] / 
[Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Estimate of total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
 
(v)  Additional publication of Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms: 
 
[Website of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] / 
[●] (See paragraph 10 of the section entitled 
"General Information" of the Base Prospectus 
which provides that the Base Prospectus and Final 
Terms of Obligations Foncières admitted to trading 
on any regulated market of the EEA will be 
published on the website of the Autorité des

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
marchés financiers. Please provide for additional 
methods of publication in respect of an admission 
to trading on a regulated market other than on the 
website of the Autorité des marchés financiers) 
2 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
(i)  
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not applicable / An offer of the Obligations 
Foncières may be made by Dealers [and (specify the 
name of any financial intermediary)] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in [France/ the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] (the 
"Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)") during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date] 
("Offer Period").]  
(ii) 
Expected price at which Obligations Foncières will be 
offered or method of determining the price and 
method for its disclosure: 
 
 
[●] 
(Where the expected price at which Obligations 
Foncières will be offered cannot be given, insert a 
description of the method of determining the price 
and the process for its disclosure) 
(iii) 
Conditions to which the Non-Exempt Offer is subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(iv) 
Offer Period (including any possible amendments): 
 
[specify] 
(v) 
Description of the application process (including the 
time period during which the Non-Exempt Offer will 
be open and any possible amendments): 
 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding amounts paid in excess by 
applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
the application (whether in number of securities or 
aggregate amount to invest): 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up 
and delivering the Obligations Foncières: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Manner in and date on which results of the Non-
Exempt Offer are to be made public: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(x) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
(xi) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xii) 
Process for notifying to applicants of the amount 
allotted and an indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xiii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information 
relating to costs and charges, also include that 
information) 
(xiv) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Prospectus during the 
Offer Period: 
[Not applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
(xv) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) where the Non-Exempt Offer takes 
place:  
 
[Not applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer 
to act as Authorised Offeror(s) including the legal 
entity identifier ("LEI") where the Authorised 
Offeror has legal personality / Any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Prospectus"] 
(xvi) 
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Prospectus: 
[Not applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to 
those set out on pages 51 and 52 of the Base 
Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set out in the 
Base Prospectus".] 
(xvii) 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are known by the 
Issuer, of the dealers in the various countries where the 
offer takes place: 
 
 
 
[●] 
3 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] / 
[Applicable: 
The Obligations Foncières [are expected to be/have 
been] rated [AA+] by S&P [and/or] [Aaa] by 
Moody's [and/or] [AAA] by DBRS.]  
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
[DBRS: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
Each of S&P, Moody's, DBRS [and] [●] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Each of] [S&P] 
[and/,] [Moody's] [and/,] [DBRS] [and] [●] is 
appearing on the list of credit rating agencies 
published by [the European Security and Markets 
Authority/ESMA] 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[[Each of] [●] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under the 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), [[but the rating[s] given by [[each of] 
[●]] [has been/will be] endorsed by [●] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation]/[but [each of] 
[●]] is certified by [●] which is established in the 
European Union, is registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is appearing on the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by [the European 
Securities and Markets Authority/ESMA] on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation). 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[each of] [●]] may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the European 
Union in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider, for instance: "According to 
S&P's rating system, an obligation rated AA differs 
from the highest-rated obligations only to a small 
degree and the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation is very 
strong and the addition of pluses and minuses 
provides further distinctions within the ratings 
range. According to Moody's rating system, 
obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest 
quality, with minimal credit risk. According to 
DBRS' rating system, obligations rated AAA are 
judged to be of the highest credit quality and the 
capacity for the payment of financial obligations is

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
exceptionally high and unlikely to be adversely 
affected by future events".) (The above disclosure 
should reflect the rating allocated to Obligations 
Foncières of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
Euro equivalent: 
[Not 
applicable/€[●]] 
(Only 
applicable 
for 
Obligations Foncières not denominated in Euro). 
The aggregate principal amount of Obligations 
Foncières issued has been converted into Euro at the 
rate of [●], producing a sum of: [●] 
4 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating to the 
borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater 
than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège with respect to such quarterly borrowing programme 
[and will deliver (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of the Obligations Foncières certifying that the value of the 
assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of 
this issue and of the issues which have been the subject of previous attestations]44 
5 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative 
for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States of the EEA] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
6 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
Save as discussed in section entitled ["Subscription and Sale"] of the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees 
payable to the Managers in connection with the issue of Obligations Foncières,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Obligations Foncières has an interest material to the offer.]/ [●] 
[The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
44 
Only applicable if the amount of Obligations Foncières issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
7 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
 
 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes]/[The Obligations Foncières constitute 
"[Green/Social/Sustainability] Obligations Foncières" and 
the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, [[Eligible Green Loans/Eligible Social 
Loans/Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans] as 
defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework as published as of the Issue Date/Eligible 
Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the Sfil Group Social 
Note Framework as amended or supplemented from time to 
time] which is available on the website of the Issuer: [Include 
the direct link to the relevant Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework or Sfil Group Social Note 
Framework] 
[Describe specific loans and/or availability of the Social 
Second Party Opinion or the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion and any relevant third 
party opinions and/or where the information can be 
obtained, etc…]]  
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if the 
reasons for the offer are different from financing and/or 
refinancing any new or existing eligible loans, they will need 
to be included here.)]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●]  
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of priority 
of such "uses".)

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
8 
[FIXED RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield [of Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Tranche]: 
 
[●] 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date. 
[(Only applicable for offer to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in France) [yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation 
to tax free French government bonds (obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent duration]. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
9 
[FLOATING RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [CMS Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [[●]/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance.] 
[Amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières will be calculated by reference to [CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] rates which is provided by 
[●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets Authority/ESMA] pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] is not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
10 
45[INFLATION LINKED OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
11 DISTRIBUTION 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
45  Required only for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Delegated Regulation") applies.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
(A) Names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments of Managers: 
 
[Not applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments]  
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Indication of the material features of the agreements, 
including the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.) 
(B) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable / [●] give name and address] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Manager: 
[Not applicable/ [●] give names and addresses] 
(iv) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche]/[Not applicable] 
(v) [Singapore sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Obligations Foncières in 
Singapore, delete this paragraph) 
(If the Obligations Foncières are offered in Singapore to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined 
under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) 
only, "Applicable" should be specified. If the Obligations 
Foncières are also offered in Singapore to investors other 
than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as 
defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore), "Not Applicable" should be specified.)] 
(vi) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Obligations 
Foncières are offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1 applies to the Obligations 
Foncières; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors:  
[Not applicable/ Applicable] 
(If the Obligations Foncières clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Obligations Foncières do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not applicable" 
should be specified. If the Obligations Foncières may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified and the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, a 
"packaged" product shall designate a "packaged retail 
investment product" which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor). 
(viii) Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Obligations Foncières clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Obligations Foncières do 
constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not applicable" 
should be specified. If the Obligations Foncières may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
12 [DERIVATIVES ONLY – OTHER  
Date of underwriting agreement: 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
Other markets on which securities of the same 
class of the Obligations Foncières to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
[●] 
[Information on taxes on the income from the 
Obligations Foncières withheld at source in the 
country where admission to trading (other than 
in France) is sought: 
 
 
[●]] 
13 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[FISN Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (If the FISN Code is not required or 
requested, it should be specified as "Not Applicable".)] (If 
the FISN Code is not available, delete this paragraph)

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
(iv) 
[CFI Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (If the CFI Code is not required or 
requested, it should be specified as "Not Applicable".)]  (If 
the CFI Code is not available, delete this paragraph) 
(v) 
Depositaries: 
(a) Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[●] 
 
[Yes/No] 
(b) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●] give name(s) and number(s)][and 
addresses])] 
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) Name and address of the Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg] / [●]  
(x) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
(xi) 
Name and address of the entities which have 
a firm commitment to act as intermediaries 
in secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment: 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●] (give names(s), address(es) and 
description)]

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET AND ISSUES OF OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A 
REGULATED MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Obligations Foncières 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Obligations 
Foncières are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Obligations Foncières or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[46MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Obligations Foncières is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market47] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
 
46  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
47  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Obligations Foncières (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 48 
[49UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Obligations Foncières has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Obligations Foncières is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Obligations Foncières to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]50. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Obligations Foncières (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Obligations Foncières (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 51 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Obligations Foncières are 
[prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]52 
 
 
 
48 
Legend to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
49  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Obligations Foncières are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the 
location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
50  
ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Obligations Foncières are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
51    Legends to be included if the Obligations Foncières are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
52 
For any Obligations Foncières to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Obligations Foncières pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the 
launch of the offer.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
CAISSE FRANÇAISE DE FINANCEMENT LOCAL  
(the "Issuer") 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300E6W08778I4OW85 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Rate [Title of Obligations Foncières] 
(the "Obligations Foncières") 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the existing issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche] Rate [Title of Obligations Foncières] (the "Existing Obligations Foncières")] 
under the 
€75,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Due from one month from the date of the original issue 
 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)]

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 8 July 2024 which received approval number 24-287 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 8 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval 
number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 
8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 53 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the 
website of the AMF (www. amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus and/or an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), 
which are the [2006/2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022/2023] EMTN 
Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 8 July 2024 which received approval 
number 24-287 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 8 July 2024 [, as supplemented by the 
supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] 
the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Obligations Foncières for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information, save in respect of section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Obligations Foncières" of the Base 
Prospectus 
which 
is 
replaced 
by 
the 
[2006/2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022/2023] EMTN Conditions. 
The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 54 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF 
(www. amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
Caisse Française de Financement Local 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Obligations Foncières 
become fungible: 
 
The Obligations Foncières will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
existing [insert description of the Series] issued 
by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing 
 
53     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
54     If the Obligations Foncières are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
Obligations Foncières") as from the Issue Date 
of this Tranche.] 
3 
Specified Currency55: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[●] (one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Obligations Foncières)56 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date// Not applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] 
month 
[CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONI
A/TEC10 or any other reference rate] +/- [●] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CPI 
Linked 
Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
 
 
[[Index/ Underlying /CPI/ HICP] Formula 
Obligations Foncières] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10 
Redemption Basis: 55 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Obligations Foncières 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [at [100] 
per cent. of their nominal amount / pursuant to 
Condition 
6(c) 
(for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Obligations Foncières, as the case may be)]. 
 
55 
Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Obligations Foncières shall be made in Euro (according to Article 1343-3 
of the French Code civil). 
56  Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Obligations Foncières (including Obligations Foncières denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, must have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for (i) Fixed/Floating Rate 
Obligations 
Foncières 
or 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Rate/Formula Obligations Foncières) / Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic 
Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify details for convertibility of (i) the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations Foncières in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 
5(d) or (ii) the Fixed Rate/Formula Obligations 
Foncières in accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5(e)] 
12 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
Dates of the corporate authorisations for issuance of 
Obligations Foncières obtained: 
 
Decision of the Directoire of Caisse Française 
de Financement Local dated [●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:]  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date/advance on [●]]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition 
of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination/Not 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●] (Insert particulars of any 
initial or final Broken Amount(s) of interest 
which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s))

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest 
Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first 
or last Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
15 
Floating Rate Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph).  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / 
SOFR / SONIA /TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON)]] / [U.S Government Securities 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking 
Days (if SONIA) prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]  
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
--  [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
 
 
-- [SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index 
Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
détermination du Taux Variable) 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Benchmark Events 
Technical Schedule published by the FBF in 
January 2020 are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions/2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to 
ISDA 
Determination 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provisions by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
delete) 
 
 
-- [Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [●]] 
 
 
-- Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [●]] 
 
 
-- Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the applicable 
number of days shall be five (5) days) / Not 
applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an oversight rate) 
 
 
-- OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value will be five (5))

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
 
 
-- Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
--Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
 
-- Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial centre(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate Option, 
the default value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
 
-- 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity and the Longer Designated Maturity, 
each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)] / [[●] per 
cent. per annum]57 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable] / [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
16 
Inflation Linked Obligation Foncière Provisions  
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio 
 
57 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 27 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[[●] per 
cent. per annum]58 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
17 
Index Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index1: 
[Index Reference Rate / CPI Reference Rate/ 
HICP Reference Rate / zero] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity of Index1: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Index2: 
[Index Reference Rate / CPI Reference Rate / 
HICP Reference Rate / zero] 
 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity of Index2: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Spread: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Leverage1: 
[[●] with respect to each Interest Accrual 
Period] [The Leverage1 set out in the following 
table:] 
 
Interest Accrual Leverage1 Period: 
[●]                                               [●] 
 
(Specify relevant Leverage1 for each Interest 
Accrual Period) 
 
 
Leverage2: 
[[●] with respect to each Interest Accrual 
Period] [The Leverage2 set out in the following 
table:] 
 
Interest Accrual Leverage2 Period: 
 
58 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
[●]                                               [●] 
 
(Specify relevant Leverage2 for each Interest 
Accrual Period) 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(x)  
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(xi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
(xii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Index1 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / 
SOFR / SONIA /TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON)]] / [U.S Government Securities 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking 
Days (if SONIA)] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]  
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
--  [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(xv) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
for 
Index2 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
 
 
-- Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / 
SOFR / SONIA / TEC10 (or any other 
reference rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last 
long or short interest period, insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
 
-- Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Days (if 
SARON)] / [U.S Government Securities 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking 
Days (if SONIA)] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention].]  
 
 
-- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
 
--  [Reference Banks (if Relevant Screen Page 
is "Reference Banks"): 
[[●] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this 
paragraph)] 
 
 
-- [Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Designated Maturity: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [Specified Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- [€STR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
 
-- [SARON Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
 
-- [SONIA Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] London Banking Days] [Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Observation Look-Back Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / 
SOFR Shift Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
 
-- [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
(xvi) 
ISDA Determination for Index1 (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index1] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
-- Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) 
ISDA Determination for Index2 (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
-- Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Designated Maturity: 
[As specified above for Index2] 
 
 
-- [Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]] 
 
 
-- Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
-- Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
-- Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xviii) 
Inflation determination for Index1: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) Index: 
[CPI Reference Rate / HICP Reference Rate] 
 
(b) Interest Determination Date: 
[[●] / [●] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to [the first day in 
each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest 
Payment Date] [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)].] 
 
(c) M: 
[●] month(s)

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
 
(d) M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(f) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest 
period end dates and not to the date and place 
of payment, to which item 26 relates) 
 
(g) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xix) 
Inflation determination for Index2: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) Index: 
[CPI Reference Rate / HICP Reference Rate] 
 
(b) Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(c) M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(d) M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(f) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest 
period end dates and not to the date and place 
of payment, to which item 26 relates) 
 
(g) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(h) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xx) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum59 
 
(xxi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xxii) 
Margin(s): 
[zero] 
 
59 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
 
(xxiii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
18 
Underlying Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Time: 
[●][a.m.][p.m.] ([●] time) 
 
(v) 
Participation: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Spread: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) 
Underlying: 
[TEC][CMS Rate] 
 
(viii) 
k: 
[●]  
 
(ix) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii)  
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
(xiv) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum60 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
60 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
 
(xviii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(xix) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
19 
CPI Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(ii) 
M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(iii) 
Spread: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 26 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum61 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
 
61 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
HICP Formula: 
[In respect of Fixed Rate /Formula Obligations 
Foncières: from (and including) [●] to (but 
excluding) [●]:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
M: 
[●] month(s) 
 
(ii) 
M': 
[●] month(s) 
 
(iii) 
Spread: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent responsible for calculating 
the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment, to which item 28 relates) 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with Condition 5(h)]/[●] per 
cent. per annum62 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
21 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption Amount 
of 
each 
Obligation Foncière: 
 
As per the Conditions 
 
62 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
[●] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] / [As per the Conditions] 
22 
Final Redemption Amount of each Obligation 
Foncière: 
 
[[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination]/ As 
provided 
below 
for 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières, as the 
case may be] 
23 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(c) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
24 
Early Redemption Amount: 
  
 
Early redemption for taxation reasons: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable deleted the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Obligation 
Foncière payable on redemption for taxation reasons, if 
applicable, or illegality: 
 
[●] per Obligation Foncière [of [●] Specified 
Denomination] / [As provided below for 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières, as the 
case may be] 
25 
Zero Coupon Obligation Foncière Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i)    Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(d)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)   Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual - ISDA / 
Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 
(ISDA) / 30E/360-FBF] 
26 
Inflation Linked Obligations Foncières – Provisions 
relating to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) Early Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Obligations Foncières: 
 
[Condition 6(d)(ii) applies] 
 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(iv) Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●] 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount and accrued interest (if any) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE OBLIGATIONS FONCIÈRES 
27 
Form of Obligations Foncières: 
[Dematerialised 
Obligations 
Foncières/Materialised Obligations Foncières] 
(Materialised Obligations Foncières are only in 
bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Obligations Foncières: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable specify whether] 
[Bearer form (au porteur)/ Registered form (au 
nominatif)]

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details] (note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Registered 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières only; 
except that the Issuer may be its own 
Registration Agent) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Obligations Foncières on [●] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being 40 days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/TEFRA not applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Obligations 
Foncières) 
28 
(i) 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
 
[Not applicable/Paris/Give details]. (Note that 
this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which items 14(ii), 15(ii) 
and 17(iv) relate)  
 
(ii)  
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(h)): 
[The next following business day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which such event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day.] [The immediately preceding 
business day]/[As per Condition 7(h)]/[Other63] 
29 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to definitive 
Materialised Obligations Foncières (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Obligations 
Foncières) 
30 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
31 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
12(b)] apply] 
32 
Representation of holders of Obligations Foncières – 
Masse (Condition 10):  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
 
63 
In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration]/[The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [●]]. 
[If the Obligations Foncières are held by a sole 
holder of Obligations Foncières, insert the 
wording below: 
 
 
As long as the Obligations Foncières are held 
by a sole holder of Obligations Foncières, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in 
relation to such Series, such holder of 
Obligations Foncières shall exercise all the 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Masse by the the Terms and Conditions of the 
Obligations Foncières. A Representative will 
be appointed as soon as the Obligations 
Foncières are held by several holders of 
Obligations Foncières.] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market[s] 
[of Euronext Paris] [and] [of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] of the Obligations Foncières described herein] 
pursuant to the €75,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Caisse Française de Financement Local. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from [●]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, is able to 
ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]* 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Duly represented by:  
 
*  
To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
(If any of the following paragraphs is not applicable, delete such paragraph) 
1 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)   Listing: 
 
 
(ii)   Admission to trading: 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify relevant regulated 
market] / none] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Obligations 
Foncières to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
[Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [specify relevant regulated 
market, third country market, SME growth market or multilateral trading 
facility]] with effect from [●].] / [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of [Euronext Paris / the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
/ [specify relevant regulated market, third country market, SME growth market 
or multilateral trading facility]] with effect from [●].] / [The Existing 
Obligations Foncières are already admitted to trading on the regulated markets 
of [Euronext Paris] and [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [specify relevant 
regulated market].] / [Not applicable.] 
(iii) Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the 
Obligations Foncières to 
be admitted to trading 
are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities 
are already admitted to trading.)  
[The Existing Obligations Foncières are already admitted to trading on the 
regulated markets of [Euronext Paris] and [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / 
[specify relevant regulated market].] / [Not applicable.] 
 
(iv) Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
 
[●] 
(v)     Additional publication 
of Base Prospectus and 
Final Terms: 
 
 
[Website of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)] / [●] (See paragraph 10 of the section entitled "General 
Information" of the Base Prospectus which provides that the Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms of Obligations Foncières admitted to trading on any regulated 
market of the EEA will be published on the website of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers. Please provide for additional methods of publication in respect of 
an admission to trading on a regulated market other than on the website of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers)

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
2 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable] / 
[Applicable: 
The Obligations Foncières [are expected to be/have been] rated [AA+] by S&P 
[and/or] [Aaa] by Moody's [and/or] [AAA] by DBRS.]  
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
Each of S&P, Moody's, DBRS [and] [●] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Each of] [S&P] [and/,] [Moody's] 
[and/,] [DBRS] [and] [●] is appearing on the list of credit rating agencies 
published by [the European Security and Markets/ESMA] on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[[Each of] [●] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), [[but the rating[s] given by [[each of] 
[●]] [has been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]/[but [each of] [●]] is certified by [●] which is established in the 
European Union, is registered under the CRA Regulation and is appearing on 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published by [the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority/ESMA] 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[each of] [●]] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the European Union in accordance with the CRA Regulation.]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if it has 
previously been published by rating provider, for instance: "According to S&P's 
rating system, an obligation rated AA differs from the highest-rated obligations 
only to a small degree and the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is very strong and the addition of pluses and 
minuses provides further distinctions within the ratings range. According to 
Moody's rating system, obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest 
quality, with minimal credit risk. According to DBRS' rating system, obligations 
rated AAA are judged to be of the highest credit quality and the capacity for the 
payment of financial obligations is exceptionally high and unlikely to be 
adversely affected by future events".]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Obligations 
Foncières of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
Euro equivalent: 
[Not applicable/€[●]] (Only applicable for Obligations Foncières not 
denominated in Euro). The aggregate principal amount of Obligations 
Foncières issued has been converted into Euro at the rate of [●], producing a 
sum of: [●] 
3 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating to the 
borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater 
than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège with respect to such quarterly borrowing programme 
[and will deliver (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of the Obligations Foncières certifying that the value of the 
assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of 
this issue and of the issues which have been the subject of previous attestations]64 
4 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative 
for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States of the EEA] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.]  
5 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest that is material to the issue, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
["Save as discussed in section entitled ["Subscription and Sale"] of the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees 
payable to the Managers in connection with the issue of Obligations Foncières,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Obligations Foncières has an interest material to the issue."]/[●] 
[The Managers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) Use of proceeds: 
 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's general corporate 
purposes]/[The 
Obligations 
Foncières 
constitute 
"[Green/Social/Sustainability] Obligations Foncières" and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
[[Eligible Green Loans/Eligible Social Loans/Eligible Green Loans 
and Eligible Social Loans] as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework as published as of the Issue 
 
64 
Only applicable if the amount of Obligations Foncières issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
Date/Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the Sfil Group 
Social Note Framework as amended or supplemented from time to 
time] which is available on the website of the Issuer: [Include the 
direct link to the relevant Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework or Sfil Group Social Note Framework] 
[Describe specific loans and/or availability of the Social Second 
Party Opinion or the Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party 
Opinion and any relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained, etc…]]  
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if the reasons 
for the offer are different from financing and/or refinancing any new 
or existing eligible loans, they will need to be included here.)]  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
7 
[FIXED RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield [of Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Tranche]: 
 
[●] 
Calculated as [include details of method of calculation in summary 
form] on the Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
8 
[FLOATING RATE OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières will be calculated by reference to [CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] which is provided by [●]. 
[As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by [the European Securities and Markets Authority/ESMA] pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] is not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
9 
65[INFLATION LINKED OBLIGATIONS FONCIERES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX 
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
 
65  Required only for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Prospectus Delegated Regulation applies.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
10 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on 
a firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers) 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Manager: 
[Not applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) [Singapore sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Obligations Foncières in Singapore, 
delete this paragraph) 
(If the Obligations Foncières are offered in Singapore to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined 
under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) only, 
"Applicable" should be specified. If the Obligations Foncières 
are also offered in Singapore to investors other than 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined 
under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), "Not 
Applicable" should be specified.)] 
 
(v) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Obligations 
Foncières are offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1 applies to the Obligations 
Foncières; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
11 [DERIVATIVES ONLY – OTHER 
Date of underwriting agreement: 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
Other markets on which securities of the 
same class of the Obligations Foncières to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
[●]

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
[Information on taxes on the income from the 
Obligations Foncières withheld at source in 
the country where admission to trading (other 
than in France) is sought: 
 
 
[●]] 
12 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[FISN Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (If the FISN Code is not required 
or requested, it should be specified as "Not 
Applicable".)] (If the FISN Code is not available, delete 
this paragraph) 
(iv) 
[CFI Code: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] (If the CFI Code is not required or 
requested, it should be specified as "Not Applicable".)] 
(If the CFI Code is not available, delete this paragraph) 
(v) 
Depositaries: 
(a) Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream: 
 
[Yes/No] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg] / [●] 
(x) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approval, admission to trading, non-exempt offer and passport request  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") and has received approval number 24-287 on 8 July 2024.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
either the Issuer or the quality of the Obligations Foncières that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Obligations Foncières. 
Application may be made for the Obligations Foncières during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Obligations Foncières on a Regulated Market 
and/or the offer to the public of Obligations Foncières pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation until 8 July 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material 
inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may 
affect the assessment of an investment in the Obligations Foncières. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made for the delivery by the AMF of a certificate of approval specifying that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purpose of the Luxembourg act 
dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières) which implements the Prospectus Regulation.  
In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, a request may be made for the notification of a 
certificate of approval to any competent authority of any member state (the "Member State(s)") of the EEA in 
order for Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market and/or to be offered to 
the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
(2) 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with the 
updating of the Programme.  
Any drawdown of Obligations Foncières under the Programme, to the extent that such Obligations Foncières 
constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer. 
For this purpose, on 21 December 2023, the Executive Board (Directoire) of the Issuer authorised the issue of 
obligations foncières under the Programme up to an aggregate maximum amount of €4,700,000,000 for the period 
from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 and delegated the power to realise such issues to Mrs. Herdile Guérin, 
in her capacity as Présidente du Directoire of the Issuer, and to Mr. Olivier Eudes, in his capacity as Directeur 
Général of the Issuer, each of them having the capacity to act separately, the power to decide the issue of 
obligations foncières and to determine their final terms and conditions subject to the conditions set forth therein. 
(3) 
Issuer's legal entity identifier (LEI)

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300E6W08778I4OW85. 
(4) 
Significant change in the Issuer's financial position or financial performance  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2023 (being the date of its last financial period for which financial information has been published).  
(5) 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023 (being the date 
of its last published audited financial statements). 
(6) 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the paragraph entitled "Legal and arbitration proceedings" of section entitled "Description 
of Caisse Française de Financement Local" set out on page [120] of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not or has 
not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's 
financial position or profitability. 
(7) 
Clearing 
Obligations Foncières will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
Code and, as the case may be, the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) Code and/or the Classification of 
Financial Instruments (CFI) Code or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Obligations Foncières will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Obligations Foncières will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Obligations Foncières which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed 
either with the Issuer or with the Registration Agent. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of Clearstream 
is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L- 1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and the address of 
Euroclear France is 10-12 Place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. 
(8) 
Issuer's website 
The website of the Issuer is www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr. The information on the Issuer's website 
(and more generally on any website included in this Base Prospectus) does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF, unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
(9) 
Material contracts 
Except as disclosed in section entitled "Material Contracts" set out on pages [140 to 142] of this Base Prospectus, 
there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which could 
result in any member of the Sfil Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations to the holders of Obligations Foncières in respect of the Obligations Foncières.  
(10) 
Documents available 
For so long as Obligations Foncières may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available, free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer and, except for the document referred to in sub-
paragraph (a) below, on the website of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr):

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
(a) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement;  
(b) 
the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer;  
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements and interim financial statements of the 
Issuer;  
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further base 
prospectus (in each case published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation); 
(e) 
each Final Terms for Obligations Foncières that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or admitted to 
trading on any other Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a 
Member State of the EEA; 
(f) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and the Final Terms relating 
to any issue of Obligations Foncières admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation are 
also available on the websites of the Issuer (www.caissefrancaisedefinancementlocal.fr), in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
(11) 
Financial information 
The annual financial statements of the Issuer are audited and are published on an annual basis. The Issuer also 
produces unaudited interim financial statements. 
(12) 
Auditors 
KPMG S.A. (Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France) and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (63, rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France) have audited and rendered 
unqualified audit opinions in their reports on the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC). 
(13) 
Ratings 
It is expected that the Obligations Foncières issued under the Programme will be rated AA+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and AAA by DBRS Ratings GmbH 
or any entity that is part of DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating activity ("DBRS") and by their respective 
successors and/or any other rating agency. The rating (if any) of Obligations Foncières to be issued under the 
Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
(14) 
Obligations Foncières issued by Dexia Municipal Agency 
In respect of outstanding Obligations Foncières issued in the past by Dexia Municipal Agency, separate 
applications may have been made, for such Obligations Foncières to be admitted to trading on the Paris, Frankfurt, 
Luxembourg, Zurich or Sydney stock exchanges.  
(15) 
Specific Controller 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) and his/its alternate specific controller (contrôleur spécifique 
suppléant) of Caisse Française de Financement Local are respectively: RSM represented by Mrs. Martine Leconte 
- 26, rue Cambacérès - 75008 Paris – France and Mr. Ratana Lyvong - 26, rue Cambacérès - 75008 Paris – France. 
(16) 
Certification of the specific controller 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, the specific controller 
certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than the amount of 
liabilities benefiting from the privilège is satisfied for the Issuer's quarterly issuance programme or any issue of 
Obligations Foncières in a principal amount equal to or above €500 million or its equivalent in the currency of 
issue.  
Pursuant to Article 2, Article 3 and Article 6 of Instruction No. 2022-I-23 of the French Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) in relation to Obligations Foncières for which 
the Issuer has been authorized to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, the specific controller verifies 
that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with. 
(17) 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Obligations Foncières, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Obligations Foncières will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Obligations Foncières on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield 
to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Obligations Foncières and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(18) 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect 
to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive 
advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all 
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words believe, expect, project, anticipate, seek, estimate 
or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit 
forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. 
(19) 
Stabilisation Manager 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "General Description of the Programme"), the Dealer 
or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or any person acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Obligations Foncières or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Obligations Foncières at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
(20) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency of the participating Member States of the European Union which was 
introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency 
of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States 
of America, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese yen" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to 
"CHF" and "Swiss francs" are to the lawful currency of the Switzerland and references to "CAD" and "Canadian 
Dollars" are to the lawful currency of Canada. 
(21) 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Obligations Foncières bearing floating rates of interest may be calculated by reference 
to "Benchmarks" such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC10 or any other reference 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Benchmark"), in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Obligations Foncières bearing 
floating rates of interest will specify the relevant "Benchmark", the relevant Benchmark administrator and whether 
such Benchmark administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
(22) 
Taxation  
The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the Obligations Foncières. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Obligations Foncières should be aware that payments of interest on the 
Obligations Foncières, or profits realised by a holder of Obligations Foncières upon the disposal or repayment 
thereof, may be subject to taxation or documentary charges or duties in its home jurisdiction or in other 
jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes or where the Obligations Foncières are transferred. In some 
jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative 
financial obligations such as the Obligations Foncières. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax 
adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the subscription, acquisition, ownership, disposal and 
redemption of the Obligations Foncières. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific 
situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Caisse Française de Financement Local 
112-114 avenue Emile Zola 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Herdile Guérin, Présidente du Directoire 
Duly authorised 
on 8 July 2024 
 
  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Obligations Foncières described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Obligations Foncières. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 8 July 2024 and is valid until 8 July 2025 and shall, during this period and in 
accordance with the provisions of article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the 
following approval number: 24-287.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Registered office of the Issuer 
Caisse Française de Financement Local  
112-114 avenue Emile Zola 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Arranger 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
 
Permanent Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland  
 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10  
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
D-70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris 
France  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
Netherlands 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
Société Générale  
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank [GmbH] 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg  
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg  
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
KPMG S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta 
63, rue de Villiers 
92066 Paris-La-Défense Cedex 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex  
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France